it was in his blood , an ever - present duty to his country .
probably the most popular female racecar driver in the country ?
you could help be the transformation in tasain and help women all over the country by not marrying a man hand selected by your brother . ''
` ` is verity in the country ? ''
hell , the man was now the owner of one of the fastest - growing restaurant groups in the country .
but your lot ... . ' ' we actually keep the country going , creating jobs- ' ' sure , in china and other third world countries .
knew that her little brother had wanted to serve his country and test himself alongside other marines .
` ` inasmuch as bigamy is a crime in this country , i find that unlikely . ''
a decision that had shocked the media and much of the country .
then i ' m walking out and i ' m never coming back to this country . ''
the shots the photographer was taking would n't just be great promotional material , they 'd also be tacked up in thousands of dorm rooms and lockers across the country .
he might be one of the country 's top directors , but , as far as she was concerned , he was an ass .
he 's not sitting in some smoky back room plotting the future of the country . ''
` ` their kids would be among the wealthiest people in the country , '' said the journalist from vanity fair .
i was starting as an account director at forrester , a large ad agency with offices around the country .
` ` while you were getting over your self - pitying and preserving neurosis , i was serving my country and putting my life on the line for the region 's safety .
jared swartzman was one of the most revered lawyers in the country .
so do millions of other working parents all over the country .
dominic was happy for his friend , who was one of the best quarterbacks in the country .
instead of working his ass off to become the best damn wide receiver in the country , he was probably out spending all the money he did n't have in expectation of a multimillion - dollar deal .
he 's just a soldier who 's been injured serving his country .
i was playing all over the country by then , internationally , too .
iris , with her hair dyed black again , glasses on , looking solemn and achingly beautiful as she took the stand in the eleventh hour of the proceedings , became a national sensation overnight , particularly with the male half of the country .
and my country ?
i did my job , served my country , believed in my mission .
she fucking loved her job , and her country .
` ` i ' m saying , if you think there are n't any queers running this country , you 're dead wrong . ''
` ` this is the safest big city in the country .
my designs beat out all other designs , even from big agencies across the country .
i had the sneaking suspicion that even from across the country , the sexy games would continue .
ryan 's death , and the tragedy of it , will make papers across the country .
` ` so you , along with the rest of the country , watched me lose the million dollar pot ? ''
you have just impressed one of the leading ancient greek scholars in this country . ''
what she had cost his family and his country .
i used to be one of the best reporters in this country and if there 's one thing i know , it 's body language .
and as soon as her piece on surviving forty - eight hours with an insane serial killer chief hit wide syndication , papers all over the country contacted her about working for them .
the last time a viper agent was caught in a beast club , the agent was terminated and his direct supervisor sent out of this country . ''
this structure alone is older than any love affair alive in this country .
` ` time to do your duty for your country , kiddo .
` ` felt good doing something for the country and all that shit . ''
madison just finished her freshman year in washington , d.c . , at one of the top journalism programs in the country .
i ' m supposed to be there right now , walking through neat red - brick quads to seminars on international relations and political philosophy , surrounded by the most brilliant minds in the country .
' because what you did was wrong and you 're too much of a risk- ' ' because i put the welfare of the people of this country before the life of one woman ?
flynn could rain destruction on every football team in the country .
i ' m close to getting every sorority in the country to sign on for the subscription .
` ` yeats has one of the best law schools in the country .
you 'd be a hit in galleries all over the country .
he 's only the hottest rock star in the country .
nurses worked on those trials all over the country .
it makes you cry because they proudly served their country . ''
` ` and yeah , i know , but it 's still the best place for art restoration in the country , hands down . ''
and beauty and the beast would be attended by scouts across the country ; the year end show always was .
quickly scanning the story , he read that he was not only the top - ranked college baseball player in the country and was related to tech wonder grant morrison and rock star drew morrison ... but that he also had a long and varied track record with women as a major campus bad boy .
i did unspeakable things for this country until i could n't live with myself anymore and i got out .
my company has created a special school system for the most gifted children in the country .
i know her focus is a bit different , but she 's still one of the best physicists in the country . ''
we had served our time , done our duty to our country .
daxton still ruled the country , and i was nobody .
my grandfather did , and he did so with the welfare of the entire country in mind .
` ` someone must rule , and it is imperative that those who do know the ins and outs of the country .
this world exists because my grandfather had the courage to step up and give everything he had to fixing this country .
without it - without us- the country would crumble , and all of the strides we have taken would be for nothing .
i loved her , but i have a duty to my country .
i want what 's best for the country , too . ''
lila had always spoken about the founding fathers of the country and wars none of us had ever heard of .
a vet who 's served our country . ''
curtis viglione was one of the best therapists in the country .
after the widely publicized robbins case , jasmine stratford has been called one of the best psychological profilers in the country .
` ` you can either play nice , or you can explain to daxton why the entire country suddenly knows who you really are .
i ' m going to spend my life with you , kitty , and i do n't care if the entire country tries to stop us .
i could never be kitty doe again , and if he ever had to be prime minister , it would mean only one thing : i had let him and the entire country down , and the blackcoats had lost .
it was slimmer than mine , but still full of the same things - papers i could n't read , what looked like a copy of the test everyone in the country had to take on their seventeenth birthday , and certificates i did n't recognize .
as she draws closer , her gaze goes again to crunard , narrowing this time , and the heat of her glare reminds me of all that this man has done to betray his country and our convent .
he has betrayed his country and shamed us by association .
why should i care at all for the man who abandoned my mother when she needed him most , who left me to be raised as an orphan , who betrayed his entire country ?
it was a miracle that person had n't been laughed right out of washington , but they had n't been , and a handful of pilot programs were started at select schools across the country .
either way , they were now in the center of everything , and at any given moment , one of the most insidious , impenetrable rogue operations in the country would have access to a weapon we still knew nothing about .
their courage and devotion to this country will never be forgotten .
then , on a float , were a bunch of disabled vets that had been injured fighting for our country .
nightshade was a threat not just to arcane but to the whole country .
when i take over i ' m going to turn it into one of the most influential social policy think tanks in the country .
` ` he funds sleep research projects at various places around the country .
i like to brag that i ' m from the most in - your - face state in the country . ''
suddenly , all she wanted to do was go home and write an e - mail , to send her thoughts across the country like a message in a bottle , like the poems in the frames .
not when the whole country knew he was here for the hot choice awards .
when she googled the stage names he had used in the past , she found numerous rave reviews of his shows posted by fans all across the country , as well as dozens of online videos , and at least fifty fan sites .
` ` aw , honey , '' he said , and bless his country heart , he put an arm around me and patted me on the shoulder .
like the rest of the country , i thought she should ' ve been strung up by her fingertips and had the skin scraped off her body with a cheese grater .
i struggled with my weight the way so many women in this country do , and i still struggle with it .
his face adorned several covers further down the stack as well - smiling rakishly into the camera , casting that pure sex vibe across the entire country .
women are losing their minds across this entire country waiting for it to come out .
who would have guessed the guy who was making women swoon across the country could engage in the silliest robe removal i had ever seen ?
` ` well , '' i slowly said , trying to buy time to get my mental gears moving , ` ` it was really important to the founding of the country and ...
nick managed to get his story finished and online during the day , and it 's been picked up by media outlets across the country . ''
it 's one of the best in the country for theoretical chemistry . ''
in fact i should go back to google and look at other colleges around the country .
not that she thought he would betray his country for even a second .
and i ' ve sworn to uphold the beliefs of my country . ''
he 'd been damned close to taking control of the country .
you look out for your wingmen and do what 's best for your country .
if anyone knows about duty and service to country first , you 're looking at her .
highest cows to people ratio in the country . ''
` ` i want her to have access to one of the best art teachers in the country .
hell , he thought , it was n't like his lifestyle was accepted everywhere in this country today .
ben 's last idea was a franchise that would put condom machines in restrooms around the country .
damn their differences , damn vale , damn the whole goddamn country .
he gives a speech about how proud we must be to have made it into the most prestigious arts college in the country , and even though he 's probably given the same speech for years , his words make me puff up like peacock .
neither would betray their country or me .
she was a soldier , service to her country , easily sacrificed .
they would pay for betraying their country and the honor of every soldier the ghostwalkers represented .
more than anything , these men had betrayed all soldiers , their country , and their code .
you should n't cheat on your husband , bitch , not when he 's serving his country .
i ' m sorry if it feels like betrayal to you , but i ca n't compromise my country because i ' m in love with you . ''
you serve your country .
the senator had betrayed his country for money , or power , or a combination of both .
there 's no way the senator would betray our men and our country for whitney .
we all thought we 'd cut down on casualties and better serve our country .
he 's a good man , and has served his country since he was eighteen years old . ''
he betrayed his country and his own family , using his relationship with the woman who raised him as her own son and his brother , to further his own ends .
her face had been splashed on all the papers in the country , and her story had been broadcast again and again on the tv news shows .
` ` some were traitors to our country .
` ` i ' m finishing my story , i can't- '' ` ` every media outlet in the country is running with your story . ''
you 're an overachiever who does n't give a fuck about anything but serving his country .
i thought you picked me because i ' m the best goddamn sniper in the country . ''
i knew illiteracy was still a big deal in this country , but since i came from an educated family , and was a massive bookworm , it was something i had never been touched by .
let alone the rest of the country ?
and i know senator darling would n't consider anything harmful to the country . ''
` ` i mean , i 'd like to think he just instantly values my opinion when i give it ... but let 's face it , if he 's positioned to be one of the greatest leaders in the country , the odds are good he knows about sci 's agenda and the ' game ' being played - and my role . ''
` ` and keep smiling because you 're also going to help save this country .
sacrifices have to be made for the sake of our country . ''
it 's written all over you , and there 's no greater thing than serving this country .
` ` you 're insinuating ideas that go against every principle our country was founded on , '' she said .
because i could not bring myself to surrender my manhood , i have lost all else - honor , livelihood , country .
the best artist in the country believes in my work enough that he invited me to study under him .
i 'd say half the country can relate to the whole thing .
not only that , but liz would be included in work with papers and political journalism outlets all over the country .
` ` i got into three of the top genetics phd programs in the country ! ''
born and bred to be the magnificent person he was , to crave the spotlight and people cheering his name , to mold the country for the people .
even with the credit squeeze predicted by the newspapers , acme mineral and mining had one of the healthiest balance sheets in the country .
' i swear i do not know what this country is coming to .
turn it into something amazing that we could eventually franchise out across the entire country .
rock nation was one of the biggest music festivals in the country .
here was the best rehab in the country .
he 's served his country as a marine , used his enlistment bonus to pull the farm that has been in his family for five generations out of financial trouble , and treats me and his momma like we are fine china .
because you loved what the country was trying to be . ''
important mission it may be , but we would not risk our loved ones , even if it meant potentially saving the country as a whole .
worlds largest corporation , after all.they pretty much run the country if you think about it .
riots have broken out all over the country , c - shapes offices are being targeted everywhere .
we do nt just have to get to safetywe have to get out of this country .
there are nt enough years in eternity to punish those that destroyed me , my family , and my country .
yet , like our forefathers , any man among us , any woman , can reinvent our country in a moment , provided they have the courage to stand apart and the conviction to live out our lost ideals in spite of the appearance of hardship it brings by living in spite of death .
she would not abandon her duty to her country , but opportunities awaited her .
the bureau , and your country , thank you .
if it had been me , i d have stopped and given him my number , so we could work out how i could repay him for the damage , but i guess honesty and being nice is a dying thing in this country .
a shameful disappointment to his family and his country .
the article reported how hospitals across the country were laying off doctors and other medical staff .
this place is for men who want to serve this country .
thank you , sir , for all you have done for your country . ''
judge : countries are not on trial here mister , your cannibalism is !
his obituary simply read , he was a great father , son , and served his country to full capacity and was another unfortunate victim of chernobyl .
mohammed ashtarbeni , son , i ask you to do the same with your country in iran .
at first it appeared that the right wingers had won the remains of the country and then china swooped in to pick up the pieces and ultimately take over the country .
our entry requirements are strict ; you are one of only a handful of students from around the country who is eligible to test for entry .
he could nt let go of his theory that his country the country that he was so proud of was being played like a puppet by the aliens .
words drifted before his eyes : honorable discharge , asset to your country , generous severance package kurt could nt read anymore .
what s your goblet doing in that country ?
with a visit to gaul , he changed the country .
were taking pieces of people from all over the country to create one masterful thinker .
and the third , an aging white guy , one of the best brain surgeons in the country .
some of his research was so abhorrent and this in a field where gruesome animal experimentation was the norm- that he was eventually blacklisted from every research facility in the country , and then some .
you and your comrades are nt going to destroy this country .
yes , we believe we can take whatever we need to for the benefit of the country .
he betrayed his country for drellic and went insane because of it .
hell , said chris , the surgeon , if you let her get that near and then zap her , people will take the whole country apart .
purchase here connect online follow mark on his journey across the country as he interviews fighters and reads from brightside and 25 perfect days .
swim or sink , live or die , survive or parish with my country was my unalterable determination .
professor jarrard , your enthusiasm is contagious and you re providing a great service to our country .
her son kim obviously had some type of defective genes in his makeup that made him unfit to father a child to rule the country .
until the country can pull together and start again , we are it .
i would nt have come back , except someone found out i was one of the best engineers in the country .
they could kick me out of the country for this .
it was a growing trend throughout the country .
* * * news splashed across the country , from coast to coast , that the first hybrid litter had been born .
popular sentiment was still on his side , the people wanted blood and a leader who was willing to give up of the country , and look the other way on the death of 30 million would not be well looked upon .
she must be different from all the men , she must be seen as a force to be reckoned with , a force that can reshape the country .
in order to save the country we moved the inauguration forward a few days .
and i know morchad can hear me now , as can the whole country !
so you re saying we rule the country ?
my reasons for making those decisions were always in the best interests of the country .
chalmers held strong to his professionalism and told chavez , you signed on to serve your country , soldier !
my country is dead , and every one of us will be dead just the same if we keep following your lead , man .
he s about as country as snoop dogg .
do you realize how many thousands of kids across this country could say the same thing ?
i m not sure the country is ready for this , she said .
i did nt bring holy hate down on this country and neither did you .
we have a united religious view belief and that is one of our country .
our country was founded on the principal of freedom , the need to be a free man and the gift of the choices we make as free men .
psychics all over the country are experiencing horrible reactions .
does he want desperately to change this country , or would he die to keep things as they were ?
my whole country ?
art enthusiasts from around the country paid top dollar for her originals and even prints of her expressionistic landscapes fetched a pretty penny .
many felt he was just what the country needed .
they began to teach what the new term meant in schools all across the country .
the funeral director had been forced to extend the viewing by almost three hours while men and women from across the country , and some from across the world , took her hand to tell her how her husband had changed their lives .
virtual , meant that users could see it , but from the plaque julian was able to determine that someone 's father named ` ` benjamin franklin '' had invented the newspaper on earth and founded the country america .
but priorities , and the country , for that matter , had changed through the years , and there was no going back .
remember that there are tens of thousands of these collections around the country .
things will get worse before they get better , especially now that the rejects are openly waging war with the rest of the country .
they re cruel and they re destroying the country i love .
now , for my thoughts of how i think they hit us and the rest of the country in order to thoroughly bring us down .
and in the rest of the country , it seems that there have been plenty of biochemicals dropped , too .
i know you do n't give a shit about what happens to me , lieutenant , but i do know that you give a shit about your country .
the moment that bill passes is the moment that we fail not just the people we represent but the entire country , smith continued .
jones 's bill will destroy this country .
i have personally spoken to our representatives from these states , and they have all agreed that while this action is dramatic , it is vital to the preservation of the rest of the country , jones said .
he had not only betrayed the very people that had rescued him , but his country as well .
the country needs strong leadership .
my father turned the country around and put it back on track , but if the senator had still been alive , all he would have focused on was everything my father did not accomplish .
country that grows fat calves on plentiful grass .
` ` everything this country makes is crap , '' he said .
` ` he 's become one of the best interface physicians in the country . ''
` ` he 's the top brain surgeon in the country . ''
a holy , dedicated look , and a character who says , ' it will be a great privilege to serve my country . '
this is the country .
they differ from country to country . ''
he had served his country with honor and integrity for so many years , he could n't allow it to end this way .
there was duty to think of : country and honor .
i sacrificed the best years of my life for country and honor .
the country gets me down -- point reyes with its _ news views _ filled up with mediocre gossip , and mimeographed !
the country wo n't last long with the rest of the civilized world pitted against it . ''
do n't tell me you ' ve never felt any guilt for what you have done to this country . ''
the country ?
wanting to overturn the country .
this honorable country ? ''
preliminary work was already being done in a number of laboratories and government research units around the country .
every popular magazine in the country wanted to talk to him .
for hours she talked long distance to larkin , her old boss , and other doctors around the country , asking for suggestions and ideas .
` ` george washington , the father of our country . ''
may she one day forgive this slur aganst her , and upon the name of a hero of his country !
` ` spread across the country .
( sirs , when i did national service i was a credit to my country .
the shock throughout the country .
` ` all over the country .
the country 's soul , on a funeral pyre .
shame what happened to this country .
he says you 're one of the best paleoanthropologists in the country .
` ` how would you like to have your picture in magazines across the country ? ''
the entire country mourned the death of your younger sister . ''
with the country still struggling to recover from the disaster on the west coast , and with paranoia sky high across the country , the public was ready to accept any explanation .
your mother and others are monitoring reports from across the country . ''
but nicolas had been the loudest and most vocal , a champion for nuclear reform , for cleaning up the radiological hotbeds around the country .
` ` is it greater than the duty to the country itself ? ''
` ` my country .
the troika control the entire country .
i sacrifice my more delicate feelings for the sake of my country . ''
` ` thank you for giving us the opportunity to serve you and our country . ''
i will die with honor for sacrificing everything i have - everything - for my country .
i should n't have to choose between losing my brother and losing this damn country .
how he soldiers on , for the sake of his country .
is that country really behind us now ?
that i do n't want this country to change .
the country had lost its mind to fear and panic .
i could honor my brother 's memory by slowly changing the country from the inside .
we have risked our lives for our country - not the country we live in now , but the country we hope to have .
an inferior child with bad genes is no use to the country .
and believe me , when you graduate and get assigned to whatever post this country chooses for you , your antics wo n't impress your superiors there .
the country i used to be proud of .
the country that experiments on and kills children who fail the trial .
not much is known after this , victor was never heard from again and the country soon went into the rule of democracy .
i was born in this country ! ''
she too , was on the evening news throughout the country .
you could be the only one immune in the country !
he had it all ; a beautiful girlfriend , invitations to the most killer parties , and half the country 's scouts drooling over his basketball skills .
in this college i have been providing the top teachers in the country to educate people like yourself , if you do decide to come .
the country does a boy good !
you would have become the worst lawyer in the country if you had tried to be one !
its how this country functions .
shelters across the country .
does nt matter what country were in .
my father died defending this country !
part of the job , that ; dying for your country or cause .
the country , in fact all countries , had become unsustainable .
their faces have been seen by half of the country .
this country is going down the drain , akers said .
you want to rule the country .
once we are out of the city it is all country until deia .
the country was having arguments about torture , about war , about spying and surveillance , and i listened to all the arguments and came up with my own ideas about them .
i m sure you served your country with distinction , capella called after him sarcastically .
you were n't there to take them down before they could destroy the whole country or to deal with the aftermath .
finally , i gave in to my trembling legs , and almost fell back into my chair , aware that i had just addressed the most important men in the country .
something is nt right in this country .
china was her mothers country but leanne still held it close to her heart .
the message was sent in a manner that made the front page of every newspaper in the whole damn country !
millions of babies coming to life in science buildings throughout the country .
we also benefited fully like the other lovebirds throughout the country .
the winsor cougars were ranked number one in the entire country .
joan could nt help wonder how many more institutions housed autistic patients around the country .
she has the largest teeth in the country .
they ve been turned down by publishers and agents all over the country .
a lot of bestsellers were first turned down by everyone in the country .
i m not going to allow bullies to control this country .
by now the news had spread across the country thru social media outlets and media affiliates .
he was a professor in one of the top universities in the country .
it was a collection of myths in the country .
get your name in the papers and every art school in the country is going to recognise it as soon as your application for a place drops through their letter box .
my country is dying .
they will never go on record and admit that one man , an enemy of the state no less , has the potential to bring this country to its knees .
the problem is the mental and emotional state of half the ninth graders in the country .
they are attacking paranormals across the country .
all the things i 'd done and continued to do while i was in and out of the four other rehab facilities around the country .
we have cells all over the country but you my beloved at this point are the most important .
my former school had one of the best drama departments in the country .
to help get this country moving again !
my father was an officer and i did my duty for our country for many years .
talented young people in our country prefer mid - level management jobs to science .
it is a huge problem for the country .
i believe it is important to know who is leading the country , but the power of personality is limited , historically , even when we speak of such a man as our father .
` ` the whole country did .
now they were the most sought after independent contractors in the country .
spreading the good word and assisting where he could with the rebuilding of the country .
i tell you dorian , immigration is destroying this country .
the term marigold , perhaps originally mary gold , seems to have been inspired by the intricate , gilt - framed stained glass windows , depicting the virgin mary , and displayed in churches across the country .
in just a few years lots and lots of apartment blocks were built throughout the country .
that was the fucking end of this country .
what do you think of these two running our country ?
being able to do that is what made this country great three centuries ago , and keeps us going on today .
and i am confident , as we continue on the path to leadership across this country , that we will deliver once again on the promise we made back at eastside , and which we are renewing here today .
wil did n't think so , for they held the keys to the countries future , and unlikely to release them to foreigners .
our benefactor is china , they realise what a great country we have .
chapter six : -- - -- - -- - melancholia is the reaction to the loss of a loved person , or to the loss of some abstraction , which has taken the place of one , such as ones country , liberty , an ideal , and so on .
besides , in our country it is vedanta that will always be sacred .
the officer comforted him , tol him that he was givin his life for his country just like anyone else .
but there was one thing that family medicine in the country could nt offer that trauma medicine could and i was embarrassed to acknowledge it .
it gave him hope for the future of the country .
ill remind everyone that my state was at the forefront of the founding of this country and compromised much with northern interests to make a united country .
even the chairman of the federal reserve bank did nt understand the problem when he postulated that the federal reserve could just print money and drop it from helicopters to get the country back to work .
and do nt forget , the future of our country is riding on what you do .
we need to get to cheyenne and get this country finalized , before we tear ourselfs apart , ed said .
we are no longer the country that after world war ii thought we could do anything .
we have to get things started right for the nation to have a chance at returning to the great country it once was , paul said .
but we need to rebuild the country and well need to borrow money to get that done , rebecca retorted .
and who put the country on its knees ?
i intend to have the whole country prepared for what comes next .
it is burning , the country is burning !
for this country !
the country is burning !
i do nt remember anyone conceding guilt , gentlemen , but , guilty or not guilty , the country would suffer .
nothing i ve met in the arab countries could outdo them .
after what i ve done for this country ?
his bravery and devotion to protecting this country are awe - inspiring .
that cruel streak let jack do the terrible things necessary to save the country .
what will the country say ?
the country believes i am dead .
she is a freelance writer and editor with writing credits in down east , the bark , pif , and a number of newspapers , websites , and periodicals around the country .
our network of state of the art superjail across the country and around the world are almost complete .
do everything even if we have to turn that country upside down .
talon gladwell , the disfigured marine who wears his face proudly as a sacrifice for his country , is there .
his work is too important to this country .
although difficult , the move was part of every wrestlers repertoire , and was taught to first - year wrestling students across the country .
at 20 , he had attended ucla and completed his first ph.d . in engineering and modern electronicsthe exciting new form of communication sweeping the country in the early 1970s .
well , over the last few weeks , there has been a large increase in electrical component malfunctions across the country , replied buck .
please stand and commit your country to this dream .
and then the country got over it .
we agreed that he and jack were doing a good thing for our country .
i was at the helm of the number one athletic surplus in the country , and i was also the number one sales associate .
i was about to take the first step in my journey to become one of the most successful lawyers in the country .
thank you for your service to our country .
the country was settling in to the fact of the election .
what s this country coming to when a man ca nt finish his coffee before he has to go practice killing someone ?
i ai nt saying we should nt do something for the country .
this country ai nt like what it was supposed to benot like what we were taught it was when we was kids .
put our country back right .
i agreed with them about our country , about what was broken .
and loyalty to country could not stop my slide .
i ca nt just let you betray the country .
jim otis is a fine gentleman who served his country honorably and continues to do so in this company , and i wo nt stand for some pip squeak like you disparaging his good name .
the president was speaking , extolling his vision of hope for the country .
he got himself well educated and worked his way around the country in various high technology companies .
miti is no country for old men .
i ca n't tell you the name , but i ' m absolutely sure the guy running it is about to screw this country somehow .
` ` contrary to what you may presume , we are here to help this country .
i do n't think you have an entirely open mind on the possibility miti or somebody may be about to try and nail this country to the wall .
they wanted to mend their country .
i m proud of my country , pruett said .
dm was on the verge of hysteria , ` ` the whole country is breaking down .
our production facilities are positioned at various locations around the country and our research teams similarly spread among the leading universities .
in my opinion the commander in chief has deviated from the principles that keep our country safe .
and maybe he was there at another time before , when the need of the country was great and he did not refuse to make the sacrifice that was called for .
-well as you will recall , this was one of those spaniards who ca nt keep his mouth shut , and he keeps on about his patriotic duty and saving the country , and his uncle who was not afraid to act to save the country and prison was his reward .
-well as you will recall , this was one of those spaniards who ca nt keep his mouth shut , and he keeps on about his patriotic duty and saving the country , and his uncle who was not afraid to act to save the country and prison was his reward .
sczepanski catches mikes eye and asks him , dr . mccarthy , how badly do you think groundup superpower can damage farmers across the country in one week ?
penny hugged her son tight.-yes , son , that is the best example i know for what that phrase means.-thats what this country is all aboutjustice for all .
` ` yeah , i do , '' she said , no one had forgotten that china was the country we borrowed trillions of dollars from in order to pull our selves out of the great recession .
` ` i earned every single one of these scars in the service of my country , you son of a bitch . ''
sporadic riots across the country .
al sharpton , jesse jackson , cornell west , michael eric dyson , all of the most prominent black leaders and intellectuals in the country were pissed that he was nt one of them .
answering his own question , the aide finished with thanks guys , the president is deeply appreciative , as is the country .
my agents around the country will keep us informed on the developments in the life cycle of our subjects .
lynn says that your appointment to lecture at beida will allow you plenty of time to travel and you will probably be invited to give talks at other universities in various parts of the country .
the maryland sniper had the country glued to their sets for weeks before the anticlimactic ending .
this country is eating itself .
and i wish to be well on my way out of this country .
and the weed war was the war that exposed the vile truth that brought down the country . ''
so be patient kamal , as they say in this country , ' softly , softly , catchee monkey . '
the people of this country are beginning to wake up to cold facts concerning the onus islam places upon muslims wherever they may be in the world to impose your faith on them by force if necessary ; and one day soon , they may try to do something about it .
spread before him , laid out with military neatness on a white tea cloth , were his numerous campaign medals that gave testament to his services to his country , still shiny and fresh from the remembrance day parade .
` ` i serve the people of this country first and foremost , as i hope and expect you do director - general . ''
generally , press was bad in the country when it came to the force all coverage was negative , guys as good as andy were never praised ; sad , but that 's just how it was ; shocking headlines sold newspapers .
supposing king of maasai promised making you his son to succeed him so as to forget your country would you hesitate ?
show how zealous you can be for love of your country .
however , the message was clear , from the aircraft to memorial wall , the cia was still at war while the rest of country seemed at peace .
i was just following orders and thought i was supporting the country .
from sydney to bonn to moscow to brazil ... who is w -- uh , you do know brazils a country and the others were all -- never mind , it ... that sort of thing just kinda bugs , i said and shook my head clear .
i think they ve been rejected by every publisher in the country now !
i did nt realise the waters would rise so quickly they must have opened the barriers up country were in the middle of a flood plain .
the hindu , was one of the most respected english newspapers in the country , although its circulation was more or less restricted to south india .
all our presidents have done exceedingly well , and brought glory to our country .
as the first non - congress chief minister in india , he became the leader of the first democratically elected communist government in the country on 5th april , 1957 .
as part of the country , should n't you guys demand equal rights ?
sorry sir , it will help me understand the country and aid in my research .
i do not fear death as much as i fear for my country .
the more they learned of deaths across the country , the more they understood that something was amiss .
but you remain a most valuable asset to this country , so the effort was worth it from our standpoint .
the major networks interrupted their regular programming and the various cellphone networks were stretched to their limits by the number of calls and text messages flying across the country , all of them saying something to the effect of turn on the tv right now !
as you know , our country was struck this morning by a cowardly attack .
in that way , those tasked with keeping the country safe got a really bum deal .
the country is rattled and i do nt want to create more concern by prematurely floating a theory that more people might be involved .
sweeney had to show the country that there was nothing to be afraid of .
so i ' m all for protecting the country by not revealing everything we do .
then we have to lie to the entire country for a while .
it bothered him that he had failed the president and his country .
i just ducked out of a cabinet meeting to make this call and do n't have much time , but i wanted you to know that i think you 'd be doing the country a tremendous service if you 'd hold that press conference and really lay it on thick .
if you think your life is in danger at any point , and especially as time passes , nobody will think less of you and what you have done for our country if you abort the mission , the dni had said , even though he felt that his warnings would fall on deaf ears .
he was willing to sacrifice everything for his country , had a good sense of humor and did what he was told without ever complaining .
nicklaus felt that the country deserved to know about this .
it 's been an honor to serve my country .
my colleagues and i , promise the people of this country that corruption will be rooted out and those responsible will be punished .
garside and his cronies were not putting the country right ; he was developing a police state with him at the top .
your desire to rape this country in your search for profit at any cost makes me want to jump into a hot shower a scrub off the smell from being close to you .
t.a . , while pleased at the driver 's concern for the countries domestic stock , was a little worried at his lack of concern for his passengers ' comfort or safety .
he served his country with honor .
it might have been permissible in the early days of our country , before we became aware of its cost , in the disintegration of native family life , in poverty , slums and crime .
if they still made pins in this country .
you know i like that country in there we are kings there .
it was nt till after that my dad informed me the president was out of the country .
there is a small sheet of paper taped to the bottom of the screen indicating national media , so i assume it means contacting the various media outlets throughout the country , see how brilliant i am .
in newspapers across the country .
i meanyou heard about this going on throughout the country , but the actual developer filing for bankruptcy ?
and now that its becoming a multi - national corporation partnering and operating in numerous countries , his holdings will increase once the plans move forward on the superhighway system all over the country .
6 alliance was one of the most reputable boarding schools in the country .
mike was one of several team members that had been lured to work at gen8tyx by the honour of working for professor martin nicolson , considered by many to be one of the most outstanding geneticists in the country .
lucky has enemies all over the country .
so maybe , thought diaz , when albert horn returned to the states , despite all he gave for his country he carried that survivors guilt .
the day that our country was hit with the horrible , ghastly truth .
having the leadership of our country change every four to eight years has its benefits but those benefits come with a cost .
before the minimum , people threw away shoes before they wore them out but now , shoes were one of the most prized and coveted commodities in the country .
he was listening to the yelling of world auto , across the country , in the executive conference room of plant 37 .
apparently they missed the memo that i have boobs too , and that i support other liberal policies and served my country with distinction .
ladies and gentlemen , please welcome the ceo and president of arctic breeze , inc . , the man who is a dear friend to environmental causes across the country and is driven to bring the best water to his customers , mr . grant chillings .
so you re holding the entire country hostage , only so you can get your way .
by lunchtime today , the entire country will know arctic breeze was behind saturdays episode .
i served my country with distinction .
mark , i will always remember you and your country .
he is a man without a country and he , as i stated , is american .
i betrayed my country !
god forbid if the terrorists should discover how the country planned to use me .
despite recent developments that elevated the female status in that country , shreya displayed the old school demeanor , that is , she spoke only when spoken to .
you have done a great service for your country .
that is uncustomary in this country .
the entire country was thankful that the h7n9 avian flu was now ancient history .
cdc distributed the jars all over the country .
eric does nt doubt that this country was founded on brave men and women doing the right thing at the right time .
i mean , half the country knew who was on dwts .
the arrests made john a celebrity in the media across the country .
she achieved not only a personal success as president but was now regarded as one of the top women executives in the country .
you can be proud of your efforts and your country .
i have betrayed my country .
things are just getting too complicated ; so i arranged a deal with the benefactor to get you out of the country .
we will track down those responsible for ruining our country and deliver justice to their front door .
you just wanted to keep a tighter grip on the country ?
the associated press also picked up the lead article , which was now circulating in every major and minor market in every newspaper across the country .
katelyn 's articles garnered insurmountable attention across the country .
he was sworn to protect his detail , even if that meant that laying down his life for his country , for her .
their first big hit , ` ` it 's hard to kill a cowboy , '' topped the country music charts for weeks , and cherry 's gravelly , down - to - earth voice resonated on country stations across the country .
a hell of a price to pay for serving our country . ''
` ` at the beginning of the twentieth century , the progressive movement got started in this country .
i run this country now , with or without their consent . ''
and that killed off just about every entry level job in the country .
the popularity of the convention soars throughout the country .
` ` the damned nsa is a political cancer eating away at this country . ''
and then , all the class , race and gender warfare trash talk just polarized the crap out of the country .
` ` well , the indian point gambit , only a small group but , overall , just about every major left wing , progressive , moonbat organization , politician , movie actor , feminist studies professor , juiceboxer media exec , academic stink tank and wall street banker in the country .
` ` she 'll claim that the convention movement has been subverted and that it 's now a threat to the country .
if we are going to fundamentally change the country , we must act decisively and quickly . ''
what he did was wrong what he did to the country , and what he did to you .
` ` the man my country needed is gone .
mikes hopes for a leader who could really change the country would have to wait .
even at sixty three years of age dr de chul was still regarded as the best gunshot trauma surgeon in the country .
the way he is pushing you around right now , he does to everyone , including some of the finest scientific minds in the country , and in that way he is on track to change the world .
i m not saying that people of color in this country have nt had to overcome obstacles ; that would be shortsighted of me .
my god , you work for one of the most high profile agencies in the country , chris .
i believe that it is the number one rising social disorder or mental defect in this country .
what confirms that this is a problem , is that our whole country jumps up and down demanding that something needs to be done to help these poor people .
realizing how wrong he d been to let his guard down and trust that his country actually gave a damn about him , jon knew what he had to do .
holding the governments decision in his hands , rage consuming him as he mentally processed what his country felt his sacrifice was worth ... it was the proverbial straw that broke the camels back for jon .
you began writing for one of the largest distributed daily papers in the country .
when he had asked his father point blank on one of the rare occasions he had opportunity to , all he got was a vague ` ` it 's for the country , son .
pepper aided somewhat in answering the three questions that every person of color in this country wanted to knowi will tell you that the one question that you ve asked yourself your entire life is soon to be answered .
you helped remind everyone that black people and white people in this country hate one another .
and that country is bolivia .
you were protecting our country .
it d be an honor to serve my country , sir , especially in the medical field .
she shouts , many people feel that your country let you young men down when you returned from vietnam .
that he d let his country down and ignore his lifelong dedication to god , country , and family .
he was afraid of letting his team down of letting his country down .
over the past twenty years , this facility has been aggressively recruiting some of the foremost cancer researchers and physicians in the country , and there are literally a hundred or so potential candidates who could have produced this drug .
you re going to pay , and if i do nt get my fair share then ill sell my story to the highest bidder out there and let the whole country know what kind of fraud and cheat you are .
he 's one of the country 's foremost experts on obsessive / compulsive disorder .
remember , you are going to save the country .
you are the key to saving our country .
you are the key to saving the country .
the cause was the answer , turning the country aside from its mad , decadent course .
everyone else had listened in stunned silence , but helen tried to talk to him , to reason with him , to point out his duty to his country , to his staff , to her .
let loughlin quit , let halloran cut and run , let the damn generals and admirals take their damn retirement checks and to hell with the country .
` ` i told you already , '' helen said patiently , ` ` i ' m saving the country .
i ' m saving the country .
i ' m willing to die for my country .
` ` oh , if only you were alive , '' she muttered as she rushed past them , ` ` you 'd help me , you 'd help me save this country . ''
` ` talking to her , '' bobby said , ` ` she sounded like the cause - ' saving the country ' , she called it - got bigger than anybody . ''
` ` helen thought the cause was bigger than anybody , and the more low - down , murderous things she did in the name of the cause - ' saving the country ' she called it - the more important the cause got to her , and that justified doing even more low - down murderous things .
the summer soldier and the sunshine patriot will , in this crisis , shrink from the service of his country .
lead by our mad leaders , our country is turning on itself .
that s the whole point of this country , right ?
i had to save our country .
i plan to build a great country .
` ` what 's wrong with this country ?
people from all over the country come here for these seminars .
you are one of the best criminal defense lawyers in the country , people are lined up to have you defend them .
he ended cryptically , it is what is wrong with this country , you know , although not continuing to explain exactly what he meant by the observation .
to quote his hero , nathan hale , his only regret was having only one life to give for his country .
your country thanks you for your service .
its why they went to war and also why it hurt so much when they were abandoned by the government and the country .
you and i , along with many others , were used and abandoned by the country we believed in .
in other words , we are not out pitching every venture capitalist in the country , listing toward every open ear and hoping to score the next big thing .
we felt we were doing a great service to our country , but more and more i have questioned that decision .
the killings were big news across the country , and carla recorded as many television reports as possible .
grace learned that bedford hills was admired across the country as a model for its progressive outreach programs aimed at helping incarcerated mothers .
sadly , any innuendo of conspiracy with respect to this discovery will be bad for science , bad for the white house , bad for nasa , and , quite frankly , bad for the country . ''
it besmirches the office of the u.s . senate and is bad for the country 's morale .
cynicism is killing this country .
rick was arguably the most - talked - about player in the country at that dismal moment , but it was n't the kind of buzz that arnie needed .
not my line of country at all .
the expiation of that dishonour is a large matter , a matter for the youth of this country .
our word for suicide is jisatsu , literally ` ` self - murder '' , and although it is a violent solution to a personal problem , it carries no stigma as it would in your country .
it therefore falls to my lot , as the head of the department he served so well , to give some account of this officer and of his outstanding services to his country .
why should drax , a millionaire , a public hero , a man with a unique position in the country , why should this remarkable man cheat at cards ?
m was a dangerous lunatic -- -a danger to the country .
` ` the mural portrays the father of our country using a tripod and pulley to lay the cornerstone of our capitol building on september 18 , 1793 , between the hours of eleven fifteen and twelve thirty . ''
today , this soaring icon -- the father of our country ascending to heaven -- hung silently above our lawmakers , leaders , and presidents ... a bold reminder , a map to the future , a promise of a time when man would evolve to complete spiritual maturity .
` ` it 's got taps into every department of motor vehicles in the country . ''
` ` you owe your country six years !
it was the early 1930 's , the beginning of the depression , and movie theaters all over the country were trying every conceivable stratagem to fill their empty seats .
that was another thing the press should be blamed for : whipping the entire country into such a frenzy of hiv terror that gay men were being attacked in the streets , refused employment and even housing .
because of her high scholastic average , jennifer had interviews with a dozen top law firms around the country , and received several offers .
every newspaper in the country will be after you .
the heads and members of families from all over the country came to pay their respects to their departed friend , and to assure the new capo of their loyalty and support .
` ` i understand that in your country women are used to taking command .
she stood next to her daughter and they both watched proudly as adam took the oath of office , and the country rejoiced for the three of them .
the whole country watches you on the nightly news report on television , and on the front pages of- '' diane looked at him , furious .
the major wire services picked up the story and flashed it to correspondent newspapers around the country , and when tracy was taken from the courtroom to await transfer to the state penitentiary , she was confronted by a crew of television reporters .
it 's called barterin ' , and it goes on in every prison system in the country . ''
time , newsweek , people , and hundreds of newspapers all over the country carried the story .
the capos of the other families across the country respected him and constantly sought his advice .
mickey brennan had assembled nine top psychiatrists from around the country , all united in their belief that mpd did not exist .
` ` the connecticut psychiatric hospital back east has handled more cases of mpd than any other place in the country .
as far as he was concerned , no sacrifice was too great to make for his country .
mary ashley was an expert on the iron curtain countries , and stanton rogers was impressed .
but this program is important not only to the president but to our country .
the new ads went out in newspapers and magazines and billboards all over the country .
but there was a curse upon the country .
you 're tearing the country apart .
who 's the best trial lawyer in the country ? ''
it was one of the most prestigious television assignments in the country .
she was the receptionist for one of the biggest psychoanalysts in the country .
by 1930 , the depression had gotten deeper and was squeezing the economic life out of the country .
on july 30 , 1953 , four months after the hollywood reporter 's and variety 's negative reviews , dream wife opened wide around the country .
' my country betrayed me before i betrayed her , rene '' .
the country is crying for leadership , and mr . chenkov has decided it 's up to him . ''
after pennsylvania , newspapers across the country confirmed his nomination .
talk to other lawyers around the country .
he 'd worked with many death row inmates around the country and knew their problems well .
he became a symbol for everything that 's wrong in this country .
every con law scholar in the country is now playing detective and trying to solve the murders . ''
i knew my suffering was for the good of the country because you would peel away the onion and tell me tonight or perhaps tomorrow who done it . ''
green fund seized the majestic bird , and enlisted a half - dozen experts from around the country to testify on its behalf .
` ` i do n't want to run it because it 's the tip of the iceberg , and it 'll attract every paper in the country .
a star is born , i ' m the greatest freshman in the country , blah , blah , blah .
two hundred and forty of the best crime labs from throughout the country participated in the program , which compared their analytical findings on different types of evidence , including hair .
the show found a wide audience , especially in the prisons , and served as a catalyst for the innocence movement across the country .
therefore , he deserves the complete support of his country .
china is a tight , homogenous country , especially here in the east .
is n't it time to inform the country ?
` ` what do you think is tearing the country apart ?
good god , can you imagine , they 'd be flashed across television screens all over the country ? ''
` ` those records that are being gathered from allover the country .
` ` when we start listening to congress and the people of the country all hope is lost , '' kendall said .
' you are in a position to be of extraordinary service to your country and to interests far beyond this country - exceeding anything you may have considered during your long and distinguished career . '
the press is going to ruin this country . ''
i ' m proud of my country .
you know who has done the most in this country ? ''
we offer the highest salary and fringes in the country , and i ' m not exaggerating .
we 'll send you all over the country to tax seminars .
that includes every big firm in the country .
it 's one of the largest private law libraries in the country , and we 're proud of it . ''
shut the country down and do n't let anyone in . '
that i somehow resent the western influence spreading throughout the country .
the country will understand that .
bollinger called everybody together and told us how pleased he was to announce the appointment of one of the most talented executives in the country , someone who was assuming the job at such personal sacrifice that we should all thank the powers that be for her patriotism .
it was said that he quietly did more for civil rights than any single corporation in the country .
he 's the rallying point for the heaviest political contributors in the country . '
he had selected a little - known but outstanding congressman with a story to tell that would mesmerize the country .
to release it now would cripple the strongest presidency this nation has had in forty years and do irreparable damage to the country , but i repeat , it will be released ... let me explain something to you .
' from the host arab country that willingly , knowingly breaks the back of abdel hamendi .
perhaps i should say ` ` mr . vice president '' , as i and , indeed most of the country , believe you should be .
the rate of heart attacks is very high in this country .
there are lies and , yes , there will continue to be lies , because the good of the country requires it .
` ` the welfare of this country is my life .
they , of course , are aware of our sea heritage , as you are , and they are proud of the role we played in forming this country .
we 'd provided a great service to the country and the government left us alone .
` ` i ' ve served my country .
serving our country . ''
` ` hottest mass tort lawyer in the country .
when ted worley signed at the bottom , he became the first dyloft plaintiff in the country .
the company was one of the top five advertisers in the country , but had always poured its money into one specific product at a time , with outstanding results .
she monitored the top twenty or so mass tort firms in the country and dozens of the biggest class actions .
in 1970 , joe namath was probably the most famous athlete in the country .
esau at times felt the proper thing to do was for sam to honor whatever commitment his country required .
many had cried out during the violent sixties and seventies that he could bind the country together ; appleton was never so presumptuous as to make the statement , but most of america thought he was perhaps the only man who could .
when bulletins were issued about this decorated son of a prominent family , men came from all over the country .
it 's of such magnitude that i ' m not at all sure the country can absorb the shock .
his father died in the service of his country , and i ' m all he has left .
but the political right and the extreme left have done a good job blaming those immigrants for all the ills that befall the country . ''
i praise him as a skilled courtroom advocate , one of the best in the country .
assembled at this moment in his courtroom were some of the brightest legal minds and largest egos in the country .
first , they would bring in some of the most distinguished cancer experts and researchers in the country .
i ' m familiar with the reputation of just about every judge with any stature in every circuit in the country .
and it 's our job to keep that poison out of the country .
her goal was to become the greatest female neurosurgeon in the country , a brain surgeon even males would turn to when all hope was lost .
the firm was the fifth - largest in the country -- eight hundred lawyers , eight cities , and so on .
ray had once asked the judge to explain this enigma , and as usual the answer was simply , ` ` we have the greatest court system in the country . ''
` ` just the custom of the country , i guess .
he had n't wanted her institutionalized - not for the good of the country and not for her own good .
it would be his legacy to the country and to the world .
we ca n't watch every news organ in the country . ''
` ` thank you , but that is no country for old men , niccolo .
hell , her parents go back two generations in this country .
as far as projects go , old colony is one of the most aesthetically pleasing you 're apt to find in this country .
` ` hey , bigs , '' i said , ` ` besides coach here , you ' ve got one of the best criminal defense lawyers in the country looking into your case because i asked him to .
but one morning the whole country woke up to realize that not only did the idiots have a chance , they had a foothold .
but you are a very young country , officer danny .
` ` a bomb campaign followed by armed revolt , coordinated among all the radical cells in all the major cities across the country . ''
they keep this country running .
there was nothing special about the articlejust one more on the north end disaster that the rest of the country seemed humored by .
joe would leave the country if it meant no man ever touched her again .
but you must remember , she 's spent the last ten years defining herself as a revolutionary , and now she wakes up to discover that what she really wants is to throw all that off her shoulders - her beliefs , her country , her calling , and , yes , her stupid old husband - to be with an american gangster .
the country had found sanity again .
` ` it will be all over the news across the country , '' i said , feeling uncomfortable under his stare .
if we was men , we 'd be talking about layin ' down our lives for the country .
who did n't have girls in every country .
in our country !
you know , i studied for some time in this country ?
they have a great undergraduate program - and their graduate school is one of the best in the country .
i think we had the idea that it died when our country died . ''
` ` and you 're not going to tell us what that country was , are you ? ''
` ` during the gangster era , when the media was exploding and national coverage began to boom along with newsreel footage that was shown in movie theaters across the country , devus wised up and stopped having his picture made .
` ` you know , mama , i do n't find that comforting given the fact that you 're one of the top pediatric surgeons in the country , and have written several defining works on genetic links to diseases . ''
this country is the ark !
i happen to know what is thought in the highest quarters of your work in this country . ''
she used to lecture all over the country .
` ` doyou care about your operation , this country , or anything else but her ?
it 's the top cancer hospital in the country .
` ` second - richest man in the country , i think .
a journalist spoke about the service that director bill jennings had rendered to the country before giving his life in the line of duty .
she felt better that the duplicate files were leaving the country , after all .
the speech was all about taking back the country .
` ` if i had n't accidentally found out , how long would you have been helping the country without my knowledge ? ''
` ` so , save the country and all that lately ? ''
that was twenty years ago , though , a few years before thomas jefferson got the reputation for one of the highest teen suicide rates in the country .
` ` a jumbo cup of the country 's best yogurt ! ''
quite simply , he 's one of the top recruits in the country .
` ` yale 's the best law school in the country , '' i rebutted without conviction .
` ` well , i never ... '' ` ` and i know you ' ve got the number - one and number - two books in the country today . ''
` ` and that country happens to be france . ''
safety , sanctity , community : that is our country 's motto .
already he is being treated as a martyr , and memorials to him have sprung up across the country .
newspapers were disappearing across the country and with all the bloggers , twitterers , and ireporters , journalists were becoming extinct as well .
` ` product of the best peeping academies in the country . ''
for the country to splinter , shatter .
i ' m proud to serve my country , if that 's what you mean .
honor to your country , your comrades , and the ones who served before you . ''
in a hindu / muslim country ?
` ` back east he is hailed as the father of his country , you know . ''
the moment presented itself at the delivery of the day 's mail , which included a letter from president mckinley , thanking warthrop for his service to the country upon the satisfactory conclusion of ` ` that peculiar incident in the adirondacks . ''
` ` you may say that , miss , but we know that you have performed admirably in defense of that very same country in at least three actions .
ian escaping is hardly a secret - the whole country knows about it . ''
there was the box that said 92 percent of the country thought hanna and the others killed ali .
` ` imagine , '' joel said , ` ` it 's the end of the melee , the biggest rithmatic event in the country .
dr . highsmith was considered one of the foremost economic thinkers in the country , and his chair was endowed by some bigwig alum who credited his post - college success to theories that dr . highsmith taught .
but every darkling since then has tried to undo the damage he did to our country , and i ' m no different . ''
this country is coming apart .
in seconds , the results appeared , listing dozens of doctors across the country .
in his thirty years of overseeing numerous prisons around the country , not one inmate had successfully escaped .
` ` i do n't think the founders of our country really had two homosexuals on their minds when they wrote the constitution .
you are doing this for your men , your country , and to get yourself out of a tight spot .
` ` besides the joy of knowing that i have served my country ?
` ` i can not believe what you say , '' i say , firmly convinced that my country would not do such a horrid thing .
honestly , what is wrong with this country when striving for excellence means you need antidepressants ?
` ` they lie with my country and my friends , sir .
is n't this the country for fuck 's sake ? ''
the neith capital of the country .
` ` what have you done for this country , mr . jones ?
they said the future of the country was at stake - something that we knew all too well .
` ` does it remind you of your days serving our country ? ''
he served his country , and you 're going to kill his kid ? ''
` ` so why did n't you just - i do n't know - make your own country somewhere ?
of course me and dave hear about this and wonder what our country is coming to when a man is given a life sentence for living in a garbage can .
the country learned its lesson and is different now .
he has done his duty for his country and we should consider that in our judgment of him .
i served my country with valor , and they took no responsibility for what they did to me .
this country but you wo nt hear me complaining .
this was not country to close ones eyes while passing through .
indeed , she had the feeling that this was country to keep ones eyes wide open and alert .
i ' ve always had mixed feelings about it ; i was proud to serve my country , on the one hand , i did n't like dealing with buddies i felt died for no good reason .
as i said we have reached a point in this country where we attach stigma to the everyday working men and woman , we have assaulted the middle classes of this country by outsourcing or using cheap labor from abroad as a weapon .
as i said we have reached a point in this country where we attach stigma to the everyday working men and woman , we have assaulted the middle classes of this country by outsourcing or using cheap labor from abroad as a weapon .
my country , sir !
not since the days when the country went insane during the 60s had so much greed , anger , deceit , intolerance , and self - indulgent excess come to the surface .
we need the help of dedicated capable individuals who will work to carry this simple truthful message across the country to the schools , to the apathetic consumers , to the seats of government , to the courts , and to the few remaining farmers and ranchers out there fighting for their lives in the face of unfair competition in the form of large subsidized corporate farming operations .
the only item left on her list for the four to talk about was sams suggestion they decide if they were personally willing to do whatever was necessary for the country to change .
allison agreed that practically every person in the country contributed to the creation of the reasons our troops were presently on their way into combat thousands of miles from home .
trying to push aside my doubt , i shifted my gaze toward the presidents desk where i spotted a crucifix hanging from the wall behind his chair , and realized i was nt abandoning my country not really but continuing the fight by answering a higher calling .
this day was about honoring a young man , who had served his country and his fellow marines with honor .
` ` this country thanks you for your sacrifice , ma'am , '' he whispered as the words caught in his throat .
and there was no way he was letting his country or the marines down , not then .
a good man that deserves this country 's gratitude and respect . ''
you know how dangerous that country can be .
let us out of here you country fuck !
nathan believed these scenes were probably similar all across the country .
its one of the most dividing hot bed issues in the country to this day .
half of the country thinks its the worst things to ever happen to america , another group thinks the laws still have nt gone far enough , and then you have the ones who are just ignoring what is going on .
reports are dniknam mask handles criminals who cross his path with a high level of violence and that might just be the thing needed in a city that has become one of the most violent in the country since all those chemicals were accidently dropped on houston by a government cargo plane five years ago turning the city into a metropolis that is 40 % insane and 50 % crazy .
questions the country needed , no , deserved to have answered .
as you say the whole country is behind you .
i ought to retire , but as my gracious country seems to think i can do something if i were to meet the enemy , i feel it a duty to do what i can .
my duty to my country demands it .
his progressive parents often spoke english at home to give hasan and his siblings some advantage , expecting the westernization of the country to continue .
so popular had been the movie that nerds across the country had started writing dirty fan fiction about the films female alien stars .
these panels have been specially built by the best aluminum company in the country for this project .
it used to be that women in this country got married shortly after puberty .
oh come on , i ' m not even from this country and i ve heard of hadrians wall .
victor had done a report on that country back in junior high .
jones ' testimony left no doubt as to this man 's commitment to the country , the service , and his men .
i want you to experience what it is like when you have someone who is betraying not only me but our country as well .
` ` i will take a moment to introduce each of them to you ... seated to my far right , accompanied by his trainer is a man your country has come to despise ... and yet silently revere .
ralph decided to donate everything and when his advisor found out he fled the country .
dean sinco of the university of the philippines college of law , commenting on the patrimony clause of the preamble opines that the fathers of our constitution were merely translating the general preoccupation of filipinos ` ` of the dangers from alien interests that had already brought under their control the commercial and other economic activities of the country '' ( sinco , phil .
ten years as a cultural showpiece in this country was taking its toll on his perspective and he started to revisit a latent sense of injustice accumulated over time .
with the extra tapes you can hit publishing companies , radio stations and perhaps a few commercial studios around the country .
my country , for one , has no intention of being among the weak .
money and status matter so much with regards to happiness in this country .
our country was founded by god - fearing people !
but its not your fault christianitys more popular than judaism in this country .
you ' ve terrorised the whole country , that 's what you ' ve done .
he was now convinced that in this country crime is not possible for citizens as even the possibility of it meets the firm reaction of the law reinforcement sweat force authorized to execute , by electrocuting , without charges any bird who can possibly be guilty , so only government and military , directed by corporations , can without restraint practice misdemeanors .
to them everything the country did was right .
youngest chairman of archeology in the whole country .
your highness , whether we fail or succeed , your country needs you ; we would nt dare put you at unnecessary risk .
we are both proud to be serving our country , jill responded .
jack and jill , i want to reiterate what the president mentioned about how you two did a great service to your country .
i m sorry for your loss , brother , no man should have to endure such a fate , but your son needs you in life , your country needs you , i do .
you upheld the virtues of your country , lad , you ve earned your death , you will not be forgotten .
if this call is neglected , i am determined to sustain myself as long as possible and die like a soldier who never forgets what is due to his own honor and that of his country .
when the ruling president of the country became an aids statistic mabo started eliminating any possible opposition even before aids got to them .
this country is so hot temperature wise and hot even when it comes to their citizens .
blame the girl , who is crazy enough to destroy the whole country for her petty freedom .
oldest trans march in the country .
sick country !
i hate that country .
the war was as horrible as you could imagine but it put our country into a crucible .
its a very well respected name on college campuses all over the country .
` ` my arm just gets a little tired saluting the flag of every ethnic group in the country . ''
he says you should work hard and support a family and support your country .
the performance was on live and the entire country was laughing at that respected man playing a dog .
why did nt he break out of the country ?
we will get calls from different parts of the country .
in the end we were all the same , color or our country did not matter when we died .
what we have done has been in service to our country .
he served his country when asked , never shrank from a mission and always gave a hundred percent .
this is the man , who , new to our country , has dreams more american than you or i .
i doubt there 's a dozen quads in the country that can beat that .
she could not anoint prince john because his stealing angered the country .
` ` i ' m gon na recruit some of the best damn quads in the country .
opposition leaders from across the country banded together under ruaidhr conchobhair , who descended from the last guy claiming to be high king .
half the fucking country saw us on tv in our underpants .
what is wrong with this country ?
how many boys have laid down their lives for you and your country ?
he d always served his country .
betrayers of the country !
i do not care what you do with you friends and about this stupid country , what i care about is that you will protect me while i sleep with their help .
what had this country come to while he was gone ?
he tells you the fate of the entire country lies in your hands , but not to worry because both he and god will give you the strength you need to complete your journey towards destiny .
back in the days when i too was young and idealistic , i fought battles for the freedom of this country .
there are millions of other televisions all over the country still switched on !
you can get us out of this country ?
you know were authorised to use lethal force against any able - bodied person who refuses to help the country .
he d served his country , risking his very life for the freedoms people took for granted .
they were his spy network throughout the country .
it made me question the nature of education in this country and its role in society .
my country and my superiors have betrayed me , lied to me .
but as i said we are a small country .
when his message was carried throughout the country , the response was staggering .
you know , a duty to my country .
but song is also this entire country .
in a single moment of defiance , driven by a rash act of compassion for a stranger , rhodri turns his back on his unit , his country and his comrades in arms .
scar defends his own self as per the noble principles upon what this country was founded .
the main subject of the debate was whether or not the present day media was able to carry out its responsibility of educating the electorate about the various issues faced by our country .
millions of dead bodies were laid all across the country .
i serve my country .
he could not stay with me forever though as he had a wife , and had his duty to his country and so he left .
this country was found by four honorable men .
we stand here today because our four fathers that found this country never gave up .
i bet you do n't even care about this country .
he felt like a true king for once , as though he was ruling the country as his father should have .
i isolated myself from the society of this country .
i know for sure that he is loyal to me and to the country .
what i am excited about is the chance to give to the country by being the future minister of finance once pangeran kadir retires , of course i have to spend one year as his deputy minister to learn more in - depth about the country 's financial matters , but i ' m happy about it . ''
the young country had not been educated ; they had no love of books , and the beauty of the knowledge within them .
they , the government , ruined all the country !
` ` because it would be damaging to our country , '' shelby said .
and we had some of the top lawyers in the country as our witnesses .
your omission in london cost me my life , my country .
this country would get along much better if people learned how to suffer in silence . ''
the disorders incident to the country make every constitution tremble .
is that common female name in this country ?
i kill for my country .
this wretched country can not be a good influence : we may count ourselves lucky if temeraire do n't go home thinking dragons ought to have men and not just votes . ''
` ` i was n't aware that the promoters cared that much about what we thought about the country . ''
' i ' ve already saved the country , have i ? '
i was supposed to have saved this country , you know .
you ' ve done a good job , master dil , she said , but i ' m going to drag this country kicking and screaming into the century of the fruitbat . '
i wanted to ask him if he knew government secrets that would make me doubt my government , and my country .
the country has forgotten we exist .
` ` but perhaps not as taken with the young man as you would have the country believe , '' he says .
this country has tough bones .
you could n't stand the fact that he - a man from the country that had oppressed yours - was fullling your own legends . ''
it was to be free from almost all the tiresome restraints- '' red tape ` ` was the word its supporters used - which have hitherto hampered research in this country .
` ` these leaders have no chance to unite this country .
everyone in hollywood knows that civil war pictures do nt make a dime but renegade movie producer david o. selznick snaps up the movie rights and suddenly the whole country is obsessed with answering just one question : who will win the role of scarlett ohara ?
to serve our country .
from the classroom , to the library , to nearly every educated persons bookshelf in the country , shakespeare is universal .
to a country safiah was willing to depend solely on for her survival .
i did nt , i did nt want to run the country .
would we not safeguard the health of the country by eliminating the diseased few ?
he was a credit to his family , to his rank , and to his country .
i m not proud of this country , and wearing that medal is not for me .
if he ever stopped i am like this country , i will get it , beg for it , steal for it , borrow for it .
please , save our country !
i , therefore , humbly dedicate this book to them the real contemporary heroes of our country hoping that they would give allowance to what i was nt able to write .
the soviets are hated for what they did to the country .
` ` please excuse me if i say yours must be a very immoral country .
he would be interviewed by the event emcee on the red carpet , his remarks broadcast across the country on radio .
we need a tree that is bold and prominent and that will send a message to the entire country .
even the studios like disney and mgm produced endless movies and songs to lift the spirits of the soldiers and propagandize the country so it would unite and fight .
it may have been a bit crude , especially the dog latin bit which was supposed to mean fifty thousand are joined together and ready to die for their country grand words !
he liked the clothes they wore , as he wrote to his son he seemed to be writing to his son almost daily a chemise , vulgarly called a shift in your country , and a thin muslin gown constitutes the entire female dress , some , indeed old - fashioned people , may have a bit of handkerchief about the neck , or bosom , but those who know how to dress consider such an encumbrance , & , of course , despise them .
what s happened to this country ?
she sees the country , even the anti - war movement , going into a phase of denial as everyone keeps accepting nixons talk about bringing home troops and ending the war .
you could almost feel the country shutting down .
my fear is for your students , elise , and all the other students of our country .
he is the father of our country in ways little appreciated .
the country was coming apart .
the country was coming apart and i was writing web pages and cooking meals .
and monsieur , he stopped and looked directly at me now , emphasizing his words , i am proud to be of service to my country and to our new allies .
by 1948 they were able to win the national elections and bring apartheid to the country .
i did nt want to see those young men hurt , and i wanted to help my country , but i did nt want to betray my friends .
i know this is hard for you , and i appreciate your service to your country .
but it might well have changed the future of the country .
his longing for his own home told him one thing , his duty to his country another .
it was slavery that split the country .
i choose what is best for the country as a whole , and that is for the entire nation to practice religion in a uniform manner !
` ` i am the foremost microbiologist in the country . ''
to use his words to me , he found the union injurious and humiliating both to himself and to his country .
genghis khan , mahmud of ghazni were few of them who had killed hundreds of thousands of innocent unarmed public and looted lots of wealth from the country .
he roamed around the country and did his research about infinite energy , souls , extraordinary souls etc .
running the country is nothing compared to trying to please these people .
my union and many others all over the country believe you have been treated abominably by the waihi engine drivers and now also by the minister of labour .
from my short stay here in waihi over the last few days ill tell the country what i ve seen with my own eyes ; that the police and the scabs are trying to promote disorder , that they use every means possible to incite the strikers to violence .
this horrible war had intruded on every life in the country .
guy , i know you must be feeling betrayed right now , but you must understand that i acted in the best interest of the country , and yourself .
wherever duty takes me , ill always try to be true to self and country .
all gods country .
you see it is my duty to die in the service of my country if i have to .
my country says its ok but what does my church say ?
tell them what good care the navy is lavishing on you and what a pleasure it is to serve your country .
it is crucial to our country .
` ` the army ended up making us give it back after all , and the whole episode stirred up a lot of adverse publicity for our side all over the country . ''
but whatever we do , it is in the service of our country . ''
people in this country need to live safely .
he does his duty for his country .
van buren refused to aid us , and so did the country and all had failed ; in this state of things we could do nothing but look to ourselves .
the constitution has been trampled under foot and we have been governed worse than in the days of nero , by the political jugglers of the country .
would we could invoke the spirit that animated those who bled for the privilege which our citizens as a body seem not to appreciate and let it rest on their descendants we would then have no occasion to record the delinquency of men high in authority , as it is very often our painful duty now but men would be selected with a view to the best interests of the country .
or , god forbid , henry clay , who believes that the negroes never could amalgamate with the free whites of this country ?
i am prepared to use whatever means are necessary to preserve this country , force included !
and , god forbid , if anyone is hurt , i will see to it that this dance is banned all across the country and it never happens again .
whoever had unleashed this new virus across the country was most likely being punished to the fullest extent of the law .
` ` do n't they realize it was men like you and me that built this country ?
barbados country in the carribean .
one of the commentators said that there were over 2 million active infections across the country right now and that the expected mortality rate ranges from 30 percent at the low end to as high as 60 percent .
the entire gallery was a hallway that mazed from the entrance to the exit and contained numerous contributions and stories from around the country .
we made every cat owner in the country vote for you .
she was ready to change the country , to muzzle every dog and ban every last vacuum cleaner that could ever interrupt a mid - morning catnap .
way of living the thinness , to deepen the vague one , that is for excellence country of the more turned on liberty of expression , released from any law or compromise , meant to find in a flash to tighten a fist of flies .
he 'd designed a premium movie channel decoder device that worked on nearly any cable television system in the country .
so it was my decision , that in order to get the ball rolling so to speak , the entire country would have to be forced into making a decision regarding their future .
i ve been having a little think to myself , and have come to the conclusion that you are not quite king material , perhaps it would be better for the country if i were to take the title .
the man behind its manufacture , one dr nelson catts , has stated publically that he now believes that the whole country can safely move around without fear of infection and that he , along with his associates in the military , will continue to do all that they can , to get the country back on its feet as soon as possible .
the progs have run this country into the ground , constantine went on .
the country has the right man in charge , ready to make the tough decisions to turn this nation around .
this country will be resurrected , too .
they re shutting down the country .
he fought valiantly for his country .
connecticut had one of the biggest renaissance fairs in the country , but i had nt even been since i was a kid .
but it was not a war , and much of the country did not believe it was good .
and we took pride in our motto : duty , honor , and country .
always there echoes and re - echoes : duty , honor , country . ''
sensing that the country was about to explode into a civil war , he approached the mcdonnough fire arms manufacturing company .
he hari kumar had landed a job at one of the top software development firms in the country .
for my part i have heard no theory by which to explain what i myself have witnessed and experienced , other than that supplied by the ancient and well - attested belief of the country .
a few other people milled about , disappearing and reappearing among the vast and beautiful country of aisles .
you paid for the privilege to be in one of the hippest venues in the country .
he felt it his duty to enlist in the marines , and fight for his country .
although terrified , private pruitt remained silent , determined not to betray his platoon or his country .
` ` i am sorry dear , but i am the president of one of the largest corporations in the country . ''
you were going to become the most highly paid woman geologist in the country , own your own consulting firm by the time you were thirty - five , maybe win the nobel prize by the time you were fifty ... were n't those the dreams ?
ben 's mamma said that when the country elected hubert humphrey president in 1960 , maybe things would get moving again .
` ` right now it looks to me like it 's my country doing me a grave disservice .
` ` if so , this country ought to get down on its knees to you . ''
this reinventing the country is a lot tougher than it looked at first . ''
knowing the whole damn country was coming undone , jared and jack locked eyes , but kept quiet .
this country hardens people .
first he sent copies of a cleverly worded little article about the newest fad , the never - ready - good - for - nothing gadget , to several hundred college newspapers across the country .
kind words of encouragement and sympathy from well - wishers across the country were to be discovered among the general abuse , and every so often even a donation .
and not only that , now were sucking the life out of the country with that non - existent social security fund .
their lives are being destroyed while the country goes on with this insanity .
the country was coming undone .
for starters , i was surprised the country had lasted so long .
this likely held little chance of going down in the history books as another watergate or creating suction like the incident when the white house ingnue rendered her services to the leader of our country while kneeling beneath the oval office desk or even come close to that little lie about all those evil weapons of mass destruction used as an excuse for the country to go to war in iraq , but it damn sure was going to raise a stink like a dead opossum found under the front porch in july around jonesboro .
i do recall that the last time i decided to make a stand in vietnam , at my countrys request , my country abandoned the fight .
i firmly believed that in this country you can not talk about one apart from the other .
< commercial break > up the creek records proudly presents to you the hottest rapper in the country , mc sit d , the speech impaired tone deaf rapper and his ground breaking multi - platinum cd , who s laughing now ? !
he saves the country while i go around taking pictures of it .
stacked next to them in a pile that seemed to tower over the manuscripts were rejections from some of the best publishing houses and most prestigious agents in the country .
so , if you found out the greatest lawyer in the country was closing in on you , what would you do ?
i was trying to save the country !
( or at least , was not willing to overcome ) people all over the country were speechless !
half the people in the country get mad at him no matter what decision he makes and everyone gets mad at congress no matter what decision they do nt make .
you do n't know me and you probably do n't care , but for the next few seconds , i ' m going to point out all the things that 's wrong with this country and what 's wrong with my opponent , rod erickson , who you probably have never heard of either .
even after the country had died in the greatest depression of all time and had been reduced to a dust mop of hood - wearing zealots who swept into the central valley of california to continue their scripture missionary work , the currently - seated president had re - seated himself for endless rule .
the director general of the bbc ought to get off his backside and doing something about this right now , before the whole country goes down the drain .
said he did that for twenty years , and it was exciting , and he knew he was doing things for his country , good things .
he wants to meet the man whose cloverleaf design is being embraced all over the country !
but women were nt allowed deep in the central compound , the heart and soul of the government and the country , the place where momentous issues were debated and decisions with international consequences made .
so he decided he had no reason to hold back , and said , she stole money from the people of our country , and we were sent to get it back .
in the country !
agents were dropping off , but the country stood .
and the right country .
an open doorway to men , women , and children across the country .
in the country i observed a certain lack of sexual morals , erotic dalliance and wife swapping .
if you ca nt even concentrate on me while i m sitting across from you , how are you going to be able to help the country ?
he ran one of the most prestigious law firms in the country .
while he wishes to conserve all that he believes great about the country , i wish to change all that i believe wrong with it .
the regional articles highlighting our ghostly generals visit were picked up by the associated press and reprinted across the country .
his works were performed all over the country .
i have free speech in this country , you know !
never mind their duty to their country .
do you know the resources they devote to virally marketing our course as the most hi - tech , cutting - edge program in the country ?
the country governs itself ; its on autopilot -- for better and for worse .
after - school programs popping up all over the country . )
wish he was nt country .
and , you know , looking at it now , i think i was sick like the country was sick .
the last thing in the world i want is to get my picture taken on tv and have to talk in front of the whole country , but from what you 're telling me , people are going crazy out there .
the church 's work goes beyond catholics and reaches every corner of our country .
messages from nazi organizations around the country called for action .
one day in history class he could nt remember the name of the father of our country .
myron took a dollar bill from his wallet and showed him the picture , telling him that he was the father of our country and that he was a man who , it was said , could not tell a lie .
we have another idiom in this country .
end my country tis of thee : sergeant mikes miracle tour by tara neale copyright 2012 tara neale smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
it 's just selfless service to the country , right ? ''
he would nt want to be the one traveling around the country telling editors and ad - men how to save their papers .
viet nam cured him of my country right or wrong patriotism .
i ' m telling you , that 's what 's wrong with this country today .
now working the night shift as a private investigator , samantha is hired by kingsley fulcrum to investigate the murder attempt on his life , a horrific scene captured on tv and seen around the country .
the official hoax announcement gained almost immediate , and universal , acceptance and things around the country soon began to simmer down .
on paper , jones was representing the church of chrystal faith , the fastest growing new protestant movement in the country , and was also the chair of the conference .
about the hippies , about berkeley at the timethen the hotbed for true change in the country .
millions of people from all walks of life suddenly refuse to fuel this country with their pursesour products , the heart of this country , are no longer good enough , it seems .
from there buddhism spread throughout the rest of the country .
they say that we are so far behind the rest of the country that we will never catch up .
they should be in the classroom where they belong , getting an education for their own good and for the good of the country .
what if it is all art that jews sold because they were leaving the country ?
and if you think about it , statistically she s the best coach in the country , period !
it got serialized in at least a dozen underground newspapers across the country .
these publications were held in great esteem by my country .
this man is going to change our country .
in truth , the difficult delivery she went through nearly finished her , and it left her quite unwell afterwards , but the jubilation throughout the country was overwhelming at the birth of king matthiass son .
and what i ve learned about that country will benefit the council .
his brothers and sisters gathered from all parts of the country to celebrate the occasion .
the sixties ' youth were blasted for diverting a whole generation away from self discipline , and from service to the country .
i have five sales managers covering the whole country .
it was people with book brains who were running the country into the ground .
trudie said were just not right for this country .
if i had you working for me in my practice , i d be the most famous criminal lawyer in the country .
you do not understand this country !
steve interjected , the truth is , whatever the world thinks , without the whites , this country would nt be what it is today .
we must ensure that the country remains strong and proud .
at the end of his discourse , simon said in a very matter - of - fact manner , peter , unfortunately apartheid is a necessary evil that helps the country .
you owe it to yourself and to the country .
you should let the country be what it is .
there was at least a dozen new books over the next ten years , and the author became a fixture at writing seminars and college workshops throughout the country .
the whole country geared up .
half the country travels overseas to spend christmas with their rellies .
this is such a tragedy for this poor country and eturasi will be distraught .
eturasi was at the centre of the problems faced by the country as he tried to assemble facts and figures and instances of generosity among the people .
chapter 87 the cyclone had driven a stake through the heart of the country and cut a swathe through the emotions of the people , because heartbreak in a small compact society is like a stone in a millpond .
to bail out was an option for some , but the needs of the country ruled this out for those who like eturasi could see a role in maintaining morale .
it was the common story of the country .
the merit of political leaders is questionable in the country , salma says , a bitterness setting about her face .
they say the country is a republican , yet peoples voices so often go unheard .
but at this rate , mayah reasons , how can the country improve ?
it was the custom of the country .
in this country , where can the scholar apply his knowledge ?
in this country , teaching was a not a respectable profession .
what will become of the country without proper encouragement for education ?
it is the truth of this country .
it highlighted the serious issue of corruption in the country , how rife the act was , and how well it correlated with the topics , which the shahiraj of rajshahi talked of in his street shows .
corrupt politicians , state of the country , ongoing arsenic issue , pollution , murders and lootings .
but when the relentless charter - change campaign was nearly destroying our country , he returned and founded one voice to help stop the complete meltdown of our institutions .
its what this country stands for .
i found and submitted a lot of case law and i mean a lot , to the courts about the consequences of excluding blacks from juries all across the country .
they always come back after 20 years with a camera in their hands , shooting videos of the pitiable state that our country is in - the broken walls in college , the potholes , and the wild traffic - cycles , autos and cars alike , fighting to reclaim road space .
what do you mean , there are millions in this country who worship him , said prashar .
an act of parliament established nit durgapur in 1960 as one of the eight such institutes aimed to impart world - class engineering education in the country and was funded jointly by the state and central government .
we know he exists because we can see his effects in the calibre of men and women who lead this country .
they built this great country , his grandparents say .
just about every nursing program in the country wanted sterling .
the whole country believes .
if i owned the washington senators i would certainly have let the father of our country ' throw out the first pitch anytime he felt like coming out to the park .
if we can turn him into an anti - war hippie we can turn the whole damn country .
we were all together on it and we felt like we were really doing something to help the country .
one was headed for manhattan , the other for washington d.c . as president thomas dewey gave his state of the union address , a nation seeking reassurance listened intently on their radios across the country .
we could be the literary lions of the country .
he was particularly interested in the news about tanganyika which he had decided on a whim that it was the country for him .
the offending house was commandeered by the state as were all other houses then alienated from all capitalists and landlords in the country .
a quiet spoken servant of his country right to the end .
if their contribution was over $ 1 billion , they are enshrined as a ' founder of the country ' and a statue will be erected in the capitol and an important public building will be named after them .
i think in your country the moneyed and the impoverished are often seen as being in a caste .
i just ca nt believe your goddamn country !
some from all over the country .
that s what s wrong with this country , dunn announced .
the only thing worth remembering now were the heroes who had brought the country to this moment in time .
when i started organic nation the majority of the country was more interested in eating unhealthy and eating it fast .
that era in the history of my country is gone but its memory remains scarred on the minds of so many of that generation .
our reporter asked him what he thought of the events surrounding robert drake and we quote him as saying : i do nt mean to say anything of our federal agents who we all know work hard to keep our country safe , but i believe they have laid an egg in mr . drake and i do nt buy this rumor at all nor will i think the fbi .
filled with phrases like , you are the future of this country .
i recall a former prime minister of our country stating that there is no such thing as society .
they thought our country was too materialistic . ''
she was admitted to one of the best business schools in the country .
cranston smiled proudly as he thought of his years of faithful service to his country .
but grandpa went down there and got me , took me home , and gave me the speech about duty , honor and country .
lets just say its my last patriotic act for the country .
no wonder he s considered one of the best attorneys in the country .
because they came from different parts of the country .
he was one of the most respected medical researchers in the country .
we then stop giving azt and get it out of this country and between 1997 and today were back to the one million people with the hiv antibodies , and more .
this case is going to set a precedent for the rest of the country ; and its high time we took a strong stand on this issue , because we will prove to you that the defendant tyree johnson , seated right over there murdered an innocent teenage girl , beth ann brooks , just as surely as if he had taken a gun and shot her in the head .
but more than that , it will be your responsibility to send a message to rest of the country indeed , to the rest of the world that those who are hiv - positive have a moral and ethical responsibility to protect other innocent people who they contact from the possibility of infecting them with this deadly disease ; and that if they ignore or violate that responsibility , they must pay the highest price possible for their crime .
and if we tested everyone in this country ?
dr . mullis once said , and he looks directly at mr . wilson , and i ve seen it on video , so its not hearsay that he doubted 50 doctors in the entire country knew what a western blot test was or how it worked .
just look at how the abstinence movement took off in this country .
this is the fabled conch republic which grudgingly recognizes the rest of the country as distant relations poor in spirit .
i thought the country still practiced stoning .
we pay his salary and he conducts various projects around the country .
shed shed a tear when the presidential citation was presented to her , commending her on twenty years of dedicated service to her country .
its a mans duty to fight for his country and risk his life in a just cause .
you ca nt tell me that with the transplant bank as large as it is that david is the only one in the whole country who can help her .
the news spread like wildfire across the country .
hearing him say that made me sad and thankful i lived in this country .
you and he will have a chance to serve my country .
he did convince me that in other parts of the country , con had gained monopolies through buying up and taking over competitorsyou know all about that .
they thought that it was a phase that the entire country was going through .
pallets were used by trucking firms and forwarding agents all over the country .
there was a reason why it was worn in hot countries , he concluded .
she can try , but worm will have his exclusive and every paper in the country will be clamoring for his services .
oh , what a protestant country we must be to ban the tempting views of paradise .
you know , cops do have one of the highest suicide rates in the country .
chapter 15 the country had changed .
you give me way too much credit , responded the professor , but i do want to be of service to my country and to my fellow man .
hey look man ; i want to stay in this country .
stories of personal despair and desperation were reported from all corners of the country .
since you took office , its comforting to know that the country is in the able hands of a calm , judicious conservative .
mick shaughnessy served his country and this agency as a brave and courageous fighter .
we all love serving this country .
across the country , unions and labor leaders were blaming u.s . steel and morgan for orchestrating trumped up murder charges against mcnamara in order to crush the workers movement .
newspaper editorials proclaimed the labor movement dangerous to the country .
and i believe he is directing me directing us to put our country on solid footing with we businessmen leading the way .
they believed what they were doing was best for the country .
reports of his heroic efforts during the last hours of the titanic , some accurate , some fictional , were featured in newspapers around the country .
the program has one of the highest placement ratios in the country .
its going out every day from all over the country .
ai nt this country great ?
mike was one of the leading kidney transplant surgeons in the country , but he had passed this case to his partner , ilene goldfarb .
the remark sent shock waves throughout the country .
starting twelve years ago with only a few dozen members , the reverend ernest sanders , former member of several white supremacy groups , built the holy crusade into a powerful movement encompassing thousands of members throughout the country .
the whole country is already talking about the gay slasher story .
our country was built on the principle of family values .
i want it to be dropped like a bomb , and right now millennium is the most credible and outspoken magazine in the country .
` ` these murders were committed over a very long period of time and all over the country .
` ` i have one of the top criminal defense attorneys in the country working on my case .
` ` we were taught in school about prejudice in this country .
only then can this country move forward . ''
but most of the time , like now , the students who showed up were the brown nosers , the ones who felt that their grade should depend solely on their outward enthusiasm , that the more face time they got , the higher the grade , as though being an extrovert was not rewarded enough in this country .
he is a proud man and never shies away from telling me what it was like for him to be serving his country , but he does n't like to talk about it .
i guess i had n't thought that picture would span the whole country .
' to my country , i hope i have done you proud .
everyone always looked down on social work as if it was n't a legitimate degree , but wash u had the number one program in the country .
dr . murphy is one of the best research doctors in the country , '' he said as he put his hand on my shoulder .
` ` look , i know i ' m not getting out of this country alive .
you just landed probably one of the top hundred internships in the whole damn country . ''
so , i checked myself into one of the best rehab programs in the country and they helped me . ''
i could hold my own in most cases and spent a fair amount of time trying not to get my ass kicked in mosh pits across the country , but rule was someone i knew firsthand not to mess with .
` ` it does n't take guts to pick the seventh best law school in the country over bc .
you received invitations to visit the top debate teams at colleges across the country .
in the intellectual property department of the most innovative and fastest - growing biomedical corporation in the country .
and while i tell myself i ' m being an idiot , that he 's the owner and ceo of one of the fastest - growing companies in the country , i know i still have my panties in a twist over it .
i do n't think these individuals are all armed felons waiting to hurt people , abby , but that wrath guy has them thinking that people like jack are turning this country into crap .
even without a hit being played endlessly on every radio across the country , these girls knew who kellan was , who his band was .
i may be country , but i ' m not stupid . ''
and i ended it , but he kept coming round , and he got crazier and needier , telling me he could n't live without me , and he would track me down after school , and he would find me after cross country .
and jonathan was in the middle of the best cardiac unit in the country , if the internet was to be believed .
` ` i have authentic looking documents from colleges around the country .
` ` i served my country when i was younger .
unfortunately , i did n't figure that out until i served it to one of the top food critics in the country and she spit it out all over the rug in my living room . ''
fifteen minutes ago i was learning i should be seen and not heard and ready to be run like a gopher and now the ceo of the hottest pr firm in the country wanted to bring me on as his personal assistant and private ... sub .
marie has graduated with top honors from yale in economics , and with her brilliance and ambition , she will undoubtedly steer this country to further magnificence . ''
look , boys , i ' ve done a hell of a lot to serve my country .
i know you were only trying to help , and thanks to you , i have a shot at a freelance position with one of the most esteemed magazines in the country . ''
i have another awful thought : what if i ' m arrested for skipping the country ?
the psych program is one of the best in the country .
finally getting away and putting the whole country between me and my past .
just how did you handle a little girl who had lost her mother , her home , and her country with one bang of a judge 's gavel .
jenna once commented that she wished this country would institute siestas .
i liked you once , but you ve betrayed your country .
what is it that this country has given you that makes you defend it ?
for us , country is more important than pride .
i know what men like him have done for our country .
i served my country .
the whole country was going mad , the press was going berserk , and tabloid editors were apoplectic that their reporters had nt uncovered any further scandal .
it started so easy , samantha singing his praises , talking about the match and how proud the country was .
i want a guy who can make me fly from this country , who not really he should be rich but i need to go outside this city this country rinisha replied sherry : give me three months for that .
we have the finest riding master in all the country !
you expect women to have rights when the men in this country have none ?
the country ? !
the papers around the country are going under .
twelve across the country .
their business program is the best in the country , richie said .
that was because despite his foul attitude - blake white was the number one rockstar in the country and extremely handsome .
steinbecks already planning a bunch of open houses for prospective writers , and a few conferences around the country , and he s invited us .
please tell me not the country , or that weirdo insane writer who sent us like , i do nt know , three hundred novels ?
everyone knows there are brands all over the country .
-broadway girl book reviews there are two sayings that are familiar in every news room across the country : 1 ) sex sells ; 2 ) if it bleeds it leads .
well , i said to kiki , trying to pretend that i was just talking to her instead of the entire country .
its the hottest talent show in the country .
and i , like the rest of the country , fell victim to the patriarchal view that the bachelors were sour balls , but the bachelorettes were sluts .
it was she who asked me to come and thank you for your service to our country .
in essence , he was doing the country a favor .
apparently the country had some indian influence , followed by the french .
we served our country and our country turned its back on us .
we served our country and our country turned its back on us .
the year was 1939 , chamberlain had promised peace in our time but it was purely a delaying tactic to enable the country to prepare for war .
the missing persons report comes on and flashes people 's faces that are missing from all over the country .
mass is celebrated all over this country !
the country behind the league ?
you ve served your country well , son , and i do nt see the point of making you retire if you are nt ready .
the country owes you , soldier .
unfortunately , raceport had one of the highest concentrations of fallen in the country .
i know my duty to my country as well as to my own conscience . ''
he abandoned his country and his duty in the name of love .
because of the fire , it was impossible to meet the demand for their innovation , while ideal paints was capable of delivering paint to every hardware store in the country .
` ` it helps that i ' ve got one of the best art directors in the country ready to come on board .
` ` you know , you 're all worse than any fraternity in the whole country when it comes to joining !
` ` these twenty lawyers are the best in the country . ''
` ` i know people all across this country are happily married .
we got opinions from the best people in the country .
but he was still one of the best radiologists in the country .
oh , by the way , this murder happened thirty - six years ago and has the potential to tear our country apart all over again ? ''
hell , as far as i know , you 're the only one in the country who can do it . ''
we keep this country safe .
by tomorrow , sound bites from his impassioned speech would be replayed from one end of the country to another .
if she were n't one of the best swimmers in the country , she 'd be fighting like hell to make it through junior college . ''
he wrote a book twenty years ago about how homosexuality was going to unravel the fabric of our country .
that one picture sent shockwaves through the network and indeed the country .
at the time she 'd thought she had everything she 'd ever want - guaranteed entrance into one of the best photography programs in the country , a boyfriend she adored , and the best twin sister in the world .
and the country needs me .
keith keller served his country and , while he came back physically undamaged , it may not be the end of the discussion .
they know their son was a hero and that he died serving his country .
she knew what it had been like for him , how he 'd served his country .
` ` jake is one of the sharpest minds in the country .
` ` the host i have in mind is the most popular in the country .
you could take the girl out of the country but you 'd never take the country out of the girl .
and your bank is one of the strongest in the country .
had their situations been reversed she would have given him her complete , unqualified trust without hesitation , because , despite the evidence , she knew he would never betray his country .
already her column , ` ` modern parenting , '' went out in sixty newspapers across the country , though most ran only one or two of her columns in a given week .
he was your husband and he died serving his country .
she was hell - bent on saving you , damn king and country and whether i agreed or not .
` ` the distribution of people who read romance novels across the country is about what you 'd expect .
the decision to promote lydia to get her out of the country , to just get her somewhere safe , may very well have backfired and brought more attention to her .
i ' ve talked to three of the top heart specialists in the country and they all highly recommend him . ''
newspapers are folding all over the country . ''
` ` you know he 's a scot ; men of that country are '' -i tried to think of a good synonym for ` ` berserk '' - '' most fierce where questions of their honor are concerned . ''
that sort of thing is much more your line of country than mine . ''
` ` resolved , that it is the duty of the women of this country to secure to themselves their sacred right to the elective franchise , '' she concluded , curtsied and dashed from the stage .
i can assure you , sir , they will never betray their country . ''
do you think the colonel is acting in the best interest of our country ?
` ` i , like any stripper in the country , can testify to this .
i wanted to save them from watching their friends blown to bits for reasons that had nothing to do with us or our country . ''
one of the most successful hedge fund managers in the country , he was wildly wealthy , handsome , and considered by many to be the most eligible bachelor south of the mason - dixon line .
with me leading off and harold as the anchor , we set meet record after meet record , and our distance medley team ended up running the fastest time in the country .
the host of the hottest , hippest talk show in the country .
` ` this country 's gone excuse crazy , '' the congressman said , not meeting ruby 's gaze .
` ` together , he and i experienced fewer fatalities in our patients than anyone else in this country . ''
according to three major business magazines , gage was reportedly one of the best corporate troubleshooters in the country .
admitting to being the king of chain restaurants across the country distorted a woman 's perspective .
` ` it 's really honorable that you served your country .
` ` what they did was not only not fair to you , it was not fair to this country .
our country survived .
he would do his duty to his country , but he would go to his grave with the memory of her warmth in his heart .
now anthony anders was one of the premier investigative firms in the country .
` ` it said that he knew you two would try to get me out of the country , but that if you called in favors to have me taken abroad , he would have no choice but to go after caleb . ''
but he was ... and is , one of the best surgeons in the country .
` ` you 're a disgrace to your country and your team .
he leaned in and said to nox , ` ` proud to have you serve this country , son .
` ` and do you know he 's one of the most eligible billionaires in the country ?
` ` no , that 's this stupid country that makes people idols and famous even though they ' ve accomplished exactly nothing in their life . ''
i angered the wrong people in this country , as well as others .
because in the few short weeks since the author had gone public , her book had blasted into the top ten of every nonfiction best - seller list in the country .
seated at the head of the table , surrounded by her board of directors , lily looked like exactly what she was - the leading businesswoman in the country , and the ceo of a corporation known for its cutting edge technology and its limitless philanthropy .
you may own the best security firm in the country , but you 're not wanted or needed here , got it ? ''
` ` yes , you 're always on them as one of the top 10 most eligible bachelors in the country . ''
yes , it did that , but saluting one who had fallen while serving his country did n't take away the pain of losing him .
i do n't know what kind of archaic country you run , but you wo n't turn my child into a chauvinist pig , '' she said .
she wanted to kill him just for the way he 'd betrayed his family , much less his country .