she came on my tongue and filled my mouth with her sweet nectar .
when i came i captured her lips with mine and accepted her moans into my lungs as she gave me her sweet nectar .
she was like a tiny hummingbird sipping the nectar but ready to take flight at the slightest sense of danger .
the perfect shape of the petals that are designed to encourage and entice bees and other bugs to rest and take their nectar .
she figured he planned to get his revenge for last night 's escape by marching her up and down the rows of perfectly developing grapes instead of letting her monitor the giant machinery that turned the humble fruit into the nectar of the gods .
wanting to taste even more of her , rafe leaned in further until the gentle pressure of his lips nudged hers apart and then he was truly tasting her , dipping into the heavenly nectar she 'd been denying him all night .
i thanked him , sipping my sweet caffeinated nectar .
and now , standing here , experiencing those soft lips moving against his , tasting her sweet nectar , he could n't stop himself from taking another taste .
darcy had a reputation for floating from one man to the next like a butterfly gathering nectar .
` ` i think you 're a little hummingbird , carefully sipping nectar from place to place but never landing anywhere . ''
they were like nectar to a starving man .
damn , he wanted to kiss that mouth again , to feel that full , lower lip and taste her nectar .
then she took another sip of wine and had to look like he 'd just given her nectar from heaven .
i ' ve hungered for her sweet nectar every f**king day .
i want tonight to be different and special , but i ' m scared it wo n't be because we ' ve ... tasted the nectar so often . ''
he growled with unbearable stimulation , with humility , slid two fingers between the satin slickness of her exquisite folds , spreading them , getting high on the scent of her arousal , the evidence of her desire and feminine nectar .
he obeyed her demand , brought his shaft to her entrance , slid partway into her nectar , stimulating her more , bathing himself , struggling not to ram inside her , to ride her with all his power .
i need to murmur it against your lips , against every inch of you , taste it with your nectar , get high on it as i do on you .
` ` umrek , ya rohi , command me ... '' he unclasped their bodies , slid off the platform , turned her , slid her to the edge , brought her trembling thighs around his hips , took hers in one hand , the other bringing his shaft to her entrance , sliding its head into her nectar , spreading it , stimulating her more , lubricating himself , struggling with the need to ram inside her .
he 'd been right - it was juicy , and my teeth sinking violently into the soft flesh made sweet nectar dribble down my chin .
he brought his thumb to his lips and sucked the nectar from the pad .
' he forgave enrique ramirez for his part in your mamma 's affair because he was a man , and ` ` a man is allowed to sip the nectar if it is there to sip '' -vaasco 's words exactly , ' she explained .
there was also fresh squeezed juice and the nectar of the gods , good hot coffee .
now slide your fingers through your flowing nectar . ''
she found nectar on her lips , gulped it without will or question , felt life surging into her as she sank in the delight of his crooning praise and encouragement to her , pouring hoarse explanations .
he introduced her to date wine , which she proclaimed should replace nectar as the drink of the gods .
he laved his hardness in her nectar , rubbing her in escalating rhythm , until she was sobbing .
the guests rose as one , toasted them with glasses filled with ruby - red sharbaat ward , rose - essence traditional wedding nectar .
bryan sipped , allowing himself a tiny gasp of appreciation for the fiery nectar .
a small crowd hums around him , like bees drawing nectar from a flower .
` ` nectar of the gods , '' damien says as he presses the styrofoam cup into my eager hand .
` ` hold these apart for me , '' he directed as he used his other hand to part her sweet , nectar - coated labia .
his throbbing erection pressed into her warmth at the same moment that he sank his head to find the longed - for nectar of her mouth .
her wetness , the musky scent that i laved on last night made me want to taste a drop of her nectar ; but stella was making it difficult for me to think because her hand reached inside my trousers and started to stroke me , hard .
no way - no fucking way was i going to deprive myself of the sweet nectar i knew awaited me as my reward .
and the sweet nectar that gathers here '' -he dipped his finger into the cream- '' draws me in like nothing else . ''
the way her back bowed off the blanket kicked in his primal hunger as he greedily sucked down her sweet nectar .
why did her eyes drink him in like nectar anyway ?
stop eating ambrosia and drinking nectar . ''
he did n't know why the gods made such a fuss over ambrosia and nectar given how wonderful human food tasted .
after she 'd given him nectar to drink in her temple , things had gotten fuzzy and he was n't completely sure what all she 'd done to him .
he sniffed at it as if the scent of the blood was the finest nectar made .
i smell bread , and fruit , and the sweet nectar of the gods : i have n't had coffee in days .
` ` a tiny , tireless bird who will fly thousands of miles to get to its nectar , who will appear dead at night , and then full of life in the morning .
his mouth closed on her nipple , sucking the sweet nectar of flesh alone , moaning as he burrowed against her .
drinks nectar from flowers .
and if you keep buzzing me about it , i ' m going to put fairy scales in your nectar .
opening it , he popped one of the nectar and pollen balls into his mouth , then grabbed another for jumoke .
the babble grew high , and he fled , darting to where matalina was on the wall with jrixibell , again refusing to eat her pollen , having stuffed herself with nectar .
i had the ugly realization that this was how they survived out here - bringing down animals to supplement the traditional pixy diet of pollen and nectar .
` ` ana ' eesides , ' ache , '' jenks said as he dropped down , his words slurred as he chewed one of the nectar and pollen balls belle had made for him .
her mouth had watered , her teeth had sharpened , and the next thing she 'd known , she 'd bitten him , gulping back every drop of crimson nectar she could .
tom spilled blood - lots and lots of blood - and bride 's mouth watered for all of that beautiful crimson nectar .
his mouth watered at the sight and smell of that crimson nectar ; his fangs elongated .
zane opened his mouth , and the sweet nectar of life poured down his throat .
the first endearment ever to be directed at him , and his ears soaked it up like nectar from the heavens .
by feeding her the nectar mixed with the bulbs necessary for the plant 's growth , something that would kill even an immortal , she was , in essence , an ever - fertile breeding ground for the drug .
between her legs , she was sweeter than the nectar of honeysuckle .
` ` nectar of the gods . ''
` ` oh , sweet nectar of the gods , '' i moaned as i took my first fortifying sip .
a crimson liquid swills in the goblet , thick as nectar .
it 's you who 's to secure her body once the treble is initiated , if need be , to choose the celebrant who will be blessed to partake in the nectar of her marrow . ''
a heavenly scent of exotic blossoms greets us - so sickly sweet is the aroma of their nectar , i swear , there must be calories involved .
it tastes metallic , honeyed like an exotic nectar .
` ` tex , '' i whispered , ` ` this is the nectar of the gods . ''
because you listen to me in the moonlight like every word i say forms a drop of nectar .
how the nectar of your mouth would taste ...
especially if she could score a bottle of nectar from troy .
she did , however , manage to get her hands on the nectar she needed , and liberally dousing the drinks of the nymph and her cur lover , as well the vampire , she 'd done her best to ensure that the party was n't a complete flop .
` ` have you been sneaking into the nectar ? ''
` ` i do n't need nectar to be on fire for you , '' he growled , his massive erection growing even larger as she studied it with an avid gaze .
he leaned down , scraping a fully extended fang down the line of her jugular , his gut twisting with a primitive need to taste the rich nectar of her blood .
then , returning her focus inward , she concentrated not on the void in her heart , but the warm , boundless love that spilled through her like a rich , intoxicating nectar .
sariel held up his hand , cold anticipation bubbling through him like the finest nectar .
` ` nectar of the gods , for real . ''
he lapped gently , laving her from bottom to top , sipping her juices like nectar .
at our feet was a midnight picnic , with fruits and meats and nectar , but that was n't the part that took my breath away .
the smell of sweet nectar and summer flowers invade my senses .
her scent dripped over me like nectar , and she was still shuddering with tiny convulsions .
with little guidance her legs separated and i got my first glimpse of her sweet nectar .
the only man who will get to taste the nectar between her legs is me .
` ` like taking nectar from a saint , '' he agreed , laconically returning the cubes into their container .
for a long moment he simply helped himself to the promise of her , drinking deeply of the nectar that was waiting .
misty felt better , first with the water wetting her mouth like sweet nectar ; second , because she had someone to help her with graham .
he could draw the panties down and lick the nectar of her , and be perfectly sated .
sweet nectar .
she smelled of honey and salt , and her own nectar .
in the dreams , he could taste the nectar of her , take in her beautiful scent .
everywhere around me , countless veins bulged with the tantalizing nectar i now craved like a drug .
more ... then that amazing nectar was gone , and lights smashed over kira 's gaze .
it was like the nectar of the gods .
ah , the warm , sweet nectar , now but a distant memory .
she fed and fed again , until she was drunk on the taste of the crimson nectar .
` ` she really is lovely , and sweet as nectar , '' he said to his companion , the hulking were who 'd searched sookie 's house .
kartane and his friends went to an inn one night to drink , to gamble , to get the nectar free .
she drew in a breath through her nose , swallowed his exquisite nectar , met his hips with a thrust of her own and with all the courage she could muster , she crossed into his mind .
he wanted his fangs sunk into her vein and drawing her nectar into his mouth , down his throat .
with his fangs , he struck quick and deep , just to the right depth , and began to draw her nectar into his mouth .
his tongue stroked over her opening in heavy laps , taking the nectar into his mouth .
do you know that your blood tastes like that as well , like i ' m drinking nectar from flowers that grow in the tropics ?
the first draw of raspberry - and - wine nectar exploded on his tongue .
he was supposed to be dipping into her bloody nectar , and he was n't doing a damn thing .
i tasted his nectar for the first time last night . ' ''
hot nectar flowed , and he devoured her intimately , driving her up time after time until she pleaded and demanded and all but pulled his hair out .
her body shuddering , she dug her heels into the floor and tried to squirm and thrash out from under him , but he held her firmly , lapping and sucking , devouring the nectar spilling from her body .
her greedy body spilled hot nectar around him , clutched and grasped with evertightening muscles .
she could feel the damp nectar moistening her entrance .
he held her open to him , and bent his head and drank , tongue stabbing deep , circling her cl*t and drawing out nectar .
his tongue followed his finger in a long , slow sweep searching for the nectar he was craving .
she felt surrounded by him with each stroke of her tongue , drawing that nectar into her body .
his tongue found the filaments and ovary , devouring the nectar collected there .
the more she drew that spicy nectar into her mouth , the more she craved fen .
in that moment , watching him devouring the nectar , his eyes burning over and into her , she realized there was no going back from this , nor would she want to .
he was drawn there , his mouth moving lower until he could catch drops of nectar .
he lapped at the hot nectar spilling from her body , his tongue licking and stabbing deep , moving in torturous slow circles , driving her insane as tension built and built , stretching her out on a rack of pleasure .
his shaft thickened , the girth enlarging impossibly , the head leaking small drops of nectar .
everything about him was sexy , but watching him devour the nectar as if it was her feminine cream he was consuming made her go a little weak .
she suckled strong , pulling out more nectar .
her tongue danced underneath the very sensitive head and then licked all the way down to the base , until she could sip at the nectar in the flower and stroke her tongue over the velvet flesh nestled there .
she smelled his spicy scent and then he rubbed nectar across her lips .
she was a beautiful flower full of nectar , and he wanted it all .
he used his tongue to draw out the nectar he craved .
but neil kissed her as if she were the finest nectar and she did n't have the heart to pull away .
he bent his head and captured her lips , soft and warm and sweet like the nectar of an overripe fruit .
they were the food of the gods , the manna that kept them young and beautiful , along with the nectar .
` ` i knew from the moment that i first saw you that you were special , empusa , '' he continued , as he poured nectar into a sparkling goblet and handed it to me .
` ` i wanted to be prepared for unexpected guests , '' persephone explained as she filled up a crystal plate and poured a goblet of nectar .
hades stepped onto the terrace , a glass of nectar in his slender fingers .
he swirled his nectar around the bottom of his glass before he finally spoke .
i want to drink from you , to taste the sweet nectar of your blood .
i even drank some sort of sweet nectar , which the chef had sworn to me was n't alcoholic .
i could smell that sweet nectar all over my skin but i never tasted it , '' she had told kizzy many times .
` ` they have nectar , '' said another , very faint and filled with longing .
so close , the perfume it released was like a drug , and kizzy had a powerful urge to lean in and taste it too , to taste the nectar on his lips .
in the summer she was given nectar in a little dish to lap at with her tongue , in winter icicles rolled in sugar to suck .
` ` the nectar of the country , i ' m given to understand , '' he said with a wry smile .
sucking the nectar to the back of my tongue , i swallowed and placed a hand over my mouth .
` ` i ' m not saying he has n't tasted her nectar , but trust me .
he tasted good , like some exotic honey or nectar .
my tongue stabbed inside her willing mouth and i sipped her nectar greedily .
how could a woman taste of such sweet nectar ?
i could n't get enough of her sweet nectar and lapped it all up as i slipped two fingers inside of her .
if the taste of marissa 's skin and lips were my drug of chose , the decadent taste of her pussy on my tongue was the sweet nectar of ambrosia that the gods themselves lived off of .
large butterflies sprinkled the landscape , gathering nectar from the flowers of star anise that scented the humid overheated air with an intense licorice fragrance .
it caved in offering an explosion of dead brain matter and reddish nectar that filled the air with floating blood pellets .
the population dwindled to a handful , those few that tried to evade the holocaust soon reverted to the basest of humans , preying on each other for food , human flesh became their nectar , but even they were used to make war , and those that did not die rose up to take from those weaker so that the wastelands of the earth became the home of the scavengers .
alex called it the nectar of the gods , and when sartek pointed out that nectars were liquid and chocolate was n't , she 'd told him that he reminded her of a toothache she once had .
the kind only nectar could bring .
one man , who he hated above all others the nectar had all but worn off as jack slumped down the staircase of the dormitory , barely returning the bows of his classmates in the corridor .
it had been something to do with the nectar .
the strange procession of events was like the worst of his nectar dreams .
the request for the mind - altering nectar had awoken a dark monster inside him .
sure , there was a risk taking cheaper , street - versions of the chemical but he had never heard of any permanent side - effects from pure nectar .
jack nodded uncomfortably , not wishing to concede his own nectar experiences .
his companion had said no more about his collapse but the accusation of his silence resonated guilt inside jack yes , a few weeks ago he probably would have been guilty of popping a nectar tablet out of sheer boredom and frustration .
jack , how long have you been taking nectar for ?
i was nt sure it was something i had seen in a dream or because of the nectar .
it was , he remembered , the voice he had heard in his dormitory in berlin , handling a half - read airphone message as the nectar surged through his bloodstream .
how did you know about i mean i ve not told anybody about the nectar .
strangs blinked in confusion , but then added : nectar ?
its nothing to do with nectar , my boy .
you re too young to know but before there was nectar , there were a whole range of other substances .
it is the nectar making me feel this .
discipline was a serious problem , even after the winnowing accomplished by the nectar of truth .
father had us all partake the nectar of truth , shotgun said .
this had been a harsh blow , but she drew consolation from her status as mother of the sacred heir until that awful day when they d partaken the nectar of truth .
but after he d drunk the nectar of truth presented to him with her own hands no less !
shed drunk her own portion of the nectar praying fervently that she would also perish ... but shed been one of the survivors .
the messiah was on the heavenly plane now , and the demolition expert had perished when he d drunk the nectar of truth .
the most blissful period of his life had been spent at pickle lake castle where he d faithfully executed every one of the messiahs commands without hesitation even up to administering , and taking , the nectar of truth .
without hesitation , roddy jr . swallowed his portion of the nectar of truth .
i could smell its perfume , sweet like nectar , mixing with the cooked scent of soup .
the old man dipped a slice of bread into the nectar , and i could taste it , cold and sweet in my mouth .
she was fighting off the bird from piercing her brain and sucking the life out of her like the nectar out of a flower .
louis beheld a considerable sized humming bird in flight nearby draining the sweet nectar an oft - white trumpet lily .
the nectar of the flower is sweet to the taste and the root is foul smelling and pungent . ''
from the nectar of bacchus , he could not escape .
gren says that anson gave him a nectar that stopped the pain and gave him a peaceful sleep which lasted for two days .
the incomplete also possessed another source of life replenishing nectar .
master heard the queen gasp as he took the first nectar from her feminine flower .
probably drinking the nectar of the gods as we speak the internal phone rang and made them both jump .
` ` he was breeding the flowers for better nectar . ''
the gardeners bowed to torres and lined up in two rows with trays of milkweed on one side , dishes of nectar on the other .
byron had been working on the flowers , breeding them for better nectar .
the nectar was just an offering .
i had seen the sorting and preparation of the flowers and nectar , seen torres escort them into the tear of god .
` ` the gardeners gathered an offering of nectar and flowers and carried it down a staircase , '' i said slowly .
all of the flowers and nectar they 're not offerings at all , are they ?
` ` that 's why byron was trying to breed a better nectar , '' i said .
when i breathed , i thought i could smell sunlight and nectar .
flutterbies crawled along the edges , occasionally falling down into the nectar inside .
their half - truths were the nectar used to entice eager minds onto the battlefield .
` ` maseriah tore into the meaty flesh and gorged on its sweet nectar .
a mere drop from the nectar of these plants is enough to paralyze a full grown man for a week .
tom loved the different fruits and breads that were brought in to eat and the nectar to drink .
the original nectar ! ''
he produced the nectar of the gods themselves in dunkin donuts paper sacks and styrofoam cups , taking some for himself as well .
if you listen to the stories about him , it 's like everyone expects him to glow in the dark and piss nectar .
these things , too , we experienced together during our initial descent into the darkness : the air became cooler but also damp , and with the drop in temperature came a kind of gentle sweetness , as of a muted nectar .
whites from lys , tyroshi pear brandy , firewine , pepperwine , the pale green nectars of myr .
we separated the spine and sucked down the sweet nectar like zeus and herathose crazy immortal greek gods of ancient literature .
taffy eye burns the numerous buzzing and hovering yellow tiny hummingbirds which fly prettily with the colorful pack of butterflies who both suck dry the flashy bell - shaped sweet - scented fragrance fruit nectar of the honeyberries for food .
tulu loves the honeysuckle flowers and sucks down the sweet nectar as mccamy and her leave the dining table for their private time in the backyard of the house under the watchful eyeballs of tourann and thelee .
butterflies are attracted by salt within the human sweat for sodium , feeding on nectar from the flowers for sugar , sipping water from the damp patches of honeysuckle leaves , and pollinating any entire species of plants throughout the globe .
i m guessing that the bite - nats must ve absorbed some of the nectar juice since they re dumb and only conform .
i guess , honey the honeysuckle nectar has absorbed into your human skin like a floral perfume probably have to wear off like a berry stainin a couple of days .
i smell the sweetly earth nectar used by the immortal greek gods , purging my old memories of nasty smells , sights , and sounds from my mental mind and mentally vow to focus my energy on my new concepts .
i poured myself a mug of what really ought to have been considered the nectar of life , and stood there for a moment , sipping the scalding liquid .
its sweet nectar was sweet and refreshing .
the table , made from purple coral , stood stocked with an assortment of sea bass , potato crisps , fresh fruits , breads and tankards filled with sweet nectar that tasted like cherry cola .
vanora gobbled up a pile of grapes and drank two big glasses of nectar .
she passed a plate to each person , then set the glasses of sweet nectar before them .
has he collected any bee nectar lately ?
its yummy , it will fill your taste buds with its sweet nectar .
now , you are mine , little flower , and i can not wait to taste your sweet nectar .
it have red nectar like blood .
finally , he noticed the scent that he had been told to find , the smell of the desert sands and sweet nectar .
it 's our joy to find wild nectar in forest flowers .
my sister piruna began to hyperventilate , and pata began to eat scoopfuls of the very last of our invert nectar to calm her nerves .
batterinew 's blond just asked to have teeth sunk into her , teeth or a honeybee proboscis , to lick up all her nectar .
i giggle , nectar of teens !
sara , already pouring the black nectar from the moka , noticed and gave me a big smile .
we poke at yesterday the way a hummingbird pokes a flower for sweet nectar .
he was rolling his mothers words around in his head , replaying the scene over and over again in his mind , like a humming bird poking a flower for sweet nectar , only he kept coming up with the bitter taste of what could have been on his tongue .
you , he emphasizes , are like nectar from the gods .
however , my limited bush tucker knowledge proves useful when we come across some heath banksia trees , because i know you can suck the nectar out of their flowers .
the liquid was thick like honey , smelled like nectar , and its touch on the tongue was as sweet as a smile .
every day the inhabitants of poopoola go out to gather some nectar in the fields of poopoola and bring it home .
they start to make jelly beans from these nectars , to feed the rest of the kingdom .
alternatively i smelled that sweet , sweet nectar , and something else .
its amazing he s giving us the time of day , with you sipping nectar and me eating a small muffin with water .
there i inhale her hair again , taking in her sweet scent , kissing her hair , drawing all of her sweet nectar .
again and again , i lunge my tongue into her cavity and take my fill , capturing her tongue , drawing out all her scent and nectar .
tracing the length of the petal edges with my gaze , i explore the picture like a honeybee searching dark voids for nectar .
i glanced at the evil suspects , a group of floundering females , twisting and twirling as if they were zombie bees lusting after the nectar of a flower that would keep them alive .
the iridescent tiny green bird hovers , while using its long beak to slurp the nectar from the flowers .
i bet he sits up there with other angels with a belly full of wine or nectar or whatever it is they drink ; a celestial or heavenly circle - jerk of the gods .
he felt like a fly on the lip of a biting plant , at the moment when the sweet scent of nectar gives way to the stench of digested flesh .
they ran hand in hand through the fields of flowers at grass , all reds , yellows , sultry oranges and velvet purples , and they tasted nature 's sweet scents , and man 's work of refined essences and aromas , the honeydew , the ambergris , the distilled scent of celestial nectar .
then at the end she brought forth her own soumada , a rich nectar made of pressed almonds .
he lifted it out of its tan box , admiring the coal black bottle , then gave the cork a twist and sniffed the fragrance , fresh as nectar , before settling it back on the bar .
the sweetness of summer nectar returned to her voice .
pure nectar .
he pushed deeper , spilling my nectar on to the futon .
they chinked glasses and gulped down a mouthful of the scottish nectar .
revenge had been a long time coming , but tonight he would extract whatever ounce of the sweet nectar that he could .
it was like the sweet nectar of life .
maya sipped the effervescent nectar sparingly and , when she went to the bathroom , poured most of her drink down the toilet .
all of a sudden i realize i can actually taste the nectar its producing just from its aroma .
he remarks that he might have made it a little too strong while i swallow my next gulp of the delightful nectar .
honeybees , hovering like waiting to land helicopters , could sense the flower 's sweet nectar that they would soon transport back to their family oriented comb .
jake set the black nectar down .
scarlett poked sal when she spotted a troop of baboons lounging in a sausage tree , drinking the nectar from the blood - red flowers that hung in long panicles .
lidya faced away him , and jerrick started kissing the nape of her neck , tasting the sweet nectar of honey .
the angels went rogue , the population maddened as they were forced to drink more and more upon carvelle 's artificial nectar .
i drank in her image like it was the nectar of the gods because i know life is fleeting and the now is all we have .
it was nectar and ice cold .
katherine 's words were coming out in rapid - fire succession now , explaining how this same magical substance appeared throughout the ancient mysteries : nectar of the gods , elixir of life , fountain of youth , philosopher 's stone , ambrosia , dew , ojas , soma .
the first sip of nevada pale ale was the most magnificent nectar he 'd ever tasted .
because of my love for her , because i could think of nothing but her , because when we were together i savoured every moment ; every word , every gesture that caroline made was like nectar to me , everything about her , every curve and contour , her scent , her laugh , her refined manners , her intelligence .
her blood flowed into him like nectar .
at once his ancient blood poured into her like flowing nectar .
he whispered the words , bending his head to the junction between her legs as if seeking nectar .
she wanted her body to reject the nourishment , but it savored it , the taste of him in her mouth , on her lips , like an addictive nectar .
it flowed into his body like nectar , burning yet soothing .
need overcame sense ; his fangs burst forth , and he pierced the creamy swell of her breast , so that she flowed into him like nectar .
brand - new instincts took over , her teeth sinking deep , and he flowed into her like nectar .
you taste like nectar to me .
his relentless mouth did n't stop , his tongue flicking her small , inflamed button , fast and slow , then plunging deep to draw out more nectar , pushing her beyond every limit she 'd ever considered , beyond any imagining .
` ` i dream of taking your body over and over , while you are slick and hot with your sweet - tasting nectar .
her hot , sweet nectar poured into him , filling his cells with crackling energy .
every cell in his body reacted , soaking up the honeyed nectar , filling him with energy .
he dragged her closer , more animal than man , his arms now bruising bands of steel , his mouth dragging more of that sweet nectar into his starving body .
he hungered for his body to be buried deep in her tight , hot channel , his mind firmly in hers and her blood flowing into him like nectar .
it was an incredible luxury to hold her naked in his arms , her body riding his while he drank the nectar from her body .
it flows like the tide itself , like sap in the trees , nectar of life , flowing for you .
but he knew what side of the garden his nectar came from .
henry vachon 's rank lifeblood had been more poison than nourishment , a foulness he longed to blot out with the taste of something sweet and intoxicating , like the nectar that flowed through corinne 's tempting veins .
her blood called to him , but it was another nectar that drew him away from her neck on a ragged snarl .
they 'd watch us but would n't start catapulting thorns unless jenks sampled the meager pollen or nectar sources .
` ` i thought they worked for sugar water and nectar , '' edden said , and i slowed as i noticed we were passing interrogation rooms .
spun candy and nectar . ''
he yearned to drink sweet , crimson nectar from someone 's throat .
he leaned down , and licked his tongue around one of her nipples , then the other , tasting the nectar of whatever flower flavored the water .
it was just as well the room had lots of discreetly placed guards , because the truck - load of jewels on display would call to a thief as surely as nectar to a bee .
the kiss turned hot , his taste nectar , the feel of his cool , hard body , like heaven .
how lost would he be if he ever got the chance to fill his mouth with that lush nectar running through her tender veins ?
poseidon crossed the room with long strides and poured ice cold nectar of the gods from a silver pitcher into sparkling crystal glasses .
the nectar of the olympians kept the gods immortal .
` ` nothing really , '' he answered slowly , swirling the last two swallows of his nectar around in the bottom of the glass .
brennan 's blood was the most heavenly , delectable substance on the face of the planet , better even than nectar .
poseidon eyed him impatiently , slamming his nectar goblet down onto the table with enough force that nectar splashed onto the linen table cloth .
` ` could you possibly run and get me some nectar ?
with the nectar flowing into me , there came another realm .
he wanted to kiss her , to hold her , to sink his fangs into her and taste the heady nectar of her blood , that vibrant blood that tasted like no one else 's .
` ` what do i care about human food when soon i 'll be drinking the nectar of the gods ?
` ` faster than you can throw toad shit at a hummingbird poaching your nectar . ''
the two words rolled off my tongue like the sweet - tasting nectar of the blossoming honeysuckles .
and i 'd drunk the nectar again , her nectar , even though i 'd been weeping , and thinking ah , well , you are being dissolved as a pearl in wine .
and i 'd drunk the nectar again , her nectar , even though i 'd been weeping , and thinking ah , well , you are being dissolved as a pearl in wine .
i pressed my teeth against her throat and the little miracle happened again , the sudden breaking of the crust , and the nectar poured into my mouth .
the nectar flowing into me again , flooding my heart and her lips on my throat finally the sudden stab of her teeth through my flesh yes !
for this moment , when his human palate could savor the nectar that was vampire blood .
she had been unable to take a single drop of crimson nectar from anyone else since .
he was going to fill his veins with her life 's nectar , was going to reduce her to a meal .
delilah ... her blood was the nectar of the gods , surely .
` ` like i ' m all peach fuzz and nectar here ? ''
now come , kiss my lips and feast on the nectar you need to take your rightful place to unite and lead us into battle . ''
` ` no offense , i do n't want to feast on anyone 's nectar . ''
he licked once , twice , tasting ambrosia , groaning again , before sucking , letting the nectar fill his mouth , swallowing , his eyes closing in the same surrender the human had experienced .
the boy wheeled around , and the first thing aden noticed were the perfect punctures in his neck , set in the eyes of the snake tattooed there , both still seeping with bright crimson nectar .
and right now , junior was more ravenous than ever , clawing and biting at his skull , desperate to escape , to have a go at all that crimson nectar .
* * * sweet nectar of the gods , i thought .
` ` her blood tastes like nectar . ''
he remembered each kill , the delicious terror imprinted on each face , the sweet nectar of each throat , no two exactly the same , each unique in its ability to satisfy his insatiable thirst .
he craved it with every fiber of his being even as he yearned to taste the warm , crimson nectar of life on his tongue .
it is the sweetest nectar you can imagine . ''
he could hear the rapid beating of her heart , smell the crimson nectar that flowed through her veins , hot and sweet .
too agitated to remain still , he went upstairs where he paced the halls , his senses focused on the woman sleeping below - the barely audible beat of her heart , the lingering scent of her perfume , the remembered taste of her life 's nectar on his tongue .
a soft exclamation of sensual pleasure rose in santiago 's throat as he sipped the sweet nectar of her life force .
his blood was like sweet nectar on her tongue .
the taste of it lingered on his tongue long after he had sipped the crimson nectar that flowed warm and sweet through her veins .
sipping from his own glass , he could not help wishing that it was his wife 's sweet nectar flowing smoothly over his tongue .
her blood had been the sweetest nectar he had ever experienced .
it was the sweetest nectar he had ever savored , so full of strength and vigor .
as she sat , trying to ignore a persistent bee that was determined to find nectar in the vicinity of the dead tree , victoria felt a stab of guilt .
either that or we 'd just spend our time drinking nectar from flowers .
` ` as she cradled the body of her beloved , aphrodite sprinkled nectar over his blood .
just as aphrodite sprinkled her nectar on the blood of adonis .
` ` it 's a healing nectar that apollo 's son concocted to aid what he had done .
she watched me drink the healing nectar .
apparently i 'd drunk the add nectar .
the sweetness of the nectar still coated the inside of my throat .
the nectar was still doing its mojo in my system , but i knew these scars were proof of just how badly i 'd needed the gods ' help to heal .
the nectar of the gods ?
eager to be helpful , razgut supplied , ` ` she tastes like nectar and salt .
hish - hish went the evangelines , serpent - birds who drank the night nectar of the requiem trees .
she smelled sweet like nectar he was desperate to consume .
hummingbirds darted from blossom to blossom , sampling nectar .
` ` what is the nectar made from ? ''
as i drew nearer , just as the nectar had lured me in with its delicious smell , so too did the blossoms .
the nectar of the gods .
the amazons looked on in approval as jade knelt at the edge of the stream and drank from the nectar , as well .
i heated some nectar for you .
but , harmonia , the nectar restored my memory .
they had clearly given him nectar for some reason or another .
the amazon warriors struck out from the palace to gather lotus blossoms and nectar for us to dine on before we retired for the evening .
i felt better immediately upon eating , refreshed and revived , as the nectar replenished my strength .
` ` they 're really pretty , '' i say , bending down to get a better look at them - bright purple petals centred with yellow nectar .
the water hits his foolish face and he sputters and laughs , saying , ` ` do it again , jacky , please , as water that comes from your own dear hands is like the very nectar to me face ! ''
as they traveled farther and farther afield in search of nectar , they stopped singing .
the juice was like nectar .
there were only three kids scheduled to drink the nectar , and the odds were against any of them succeeding .
` ` conor will drink the nectar too ! ''
she had given the nectar to both of his brothers .
we have come to witness whether the nectar will reveal such greatness in any of these three candidates - lord devin trunswick ; abby , daughter of grall ; and conor , son of fenray . ''
devin would drink the nectar first , in the place of honor .
common belief held that the first to drink the nectar in a ceremony was the most likely to call a spirit animal .
` ` receive the nectar of ninani . ''
conor had heard that a spirit animal either came right after the nectar was tasted , or never .
if nothing else , it would be interesting to discover what the nectar tasted like .
whatever the taste , sampling the nectar would officially mark the end of his childhood .
the nectar was thick , like syrup , and richly sweet , like fruit in honey .
today abeke would drink the nectar of ninani .
had that really been the nectar ?
or had chinwe replaced the nectar with root - and - nut soup ?
the other candidates had sampled the nectar already .
the conventional wisdom was that the last person to drink the nectar had the best chance of summoning a spirit animal .
` ` he insists you drink the nectar before he leaves . ''
he did n't like their monopoly on the nectar and how they used it to remain involved in everyone 's affairs around the world .
` ` have you had your nectar ? ''
` ` you know what happens if you do n't take the nectar ? ''
it 's against our town statutes not to drink the nectar within three months of turning eleven . ''
look , just add my lack of nectar to my list of charges .
but do you know what could happen to you without the nectar ?
` ` but with the nectar it 's always stable , '' rollan said .
` ` the great beasts may not have done much for us lately , but we 'll always owe ninani for the nectar .
` ` what about the girl who gave me the nectar ?
` ` they 're trying to find a replacement for the nectar .
` ` the nectar does n't create monsters ! ''
tellun the elk , the most powerful of them all , imprisoned kovo and gerathon for their crimes , and ninani the swan gifted the greencloaks with the secret to creating nectar .
this is why we have endured centuries without the nectar , our people suffering the illness and death that accompanies natural bonding . ''
your bonding ... '' ` ` occurred without any nectar , '' shane said .
our problem is that the greencloaks control all the nectar , and use that control to wield power over the people of erdas .
the greencloaks should make the nectar available to everyone . ''
or , worse , they share false nectar .
` ` join us in protecting our homeland and helping to make the nectar available to all who need it . ''
they constantly experiment in the attempt to find a replacement for the nectar .
i applaud their desire to make nectar freely available , but i have no love for their methods . ''
chinwe had called the greencloaks the protectors of erdas , but she had always been extremely secretive about the nectar .
` ` ... no regard for privacy ... '' ` ` ... holding up the line ... '' ` ` go drink your nectar ! ''
diverse fruit , rich nectar , savory mushrooms , peculiar nuts , and crunchy grubs made up the majority of their meals .
nor had he imagined such an assortment of carnivorous flora - grasping vines , clutching leaves , sucking tubes , stalks affixed to mouthlike pods , stinging bowls of sweet nectar , and sticky mats that folded around unsuspecting prey .
` ` the results are not entirely pleasant , but this nectar will keep most of the biting and stinging insects at a distance . ''
the finicky creature feeds exclusively upon the nectar of the cheeseblossom - it would starve before taking nourishment from another source .
the liver becomes saturated with purified nectar .
unnamed pills , brand - new powders , shining mysterious nectar in vials .
his yellow eyes were half - lidded as he sang , and in that golden moment , hanging taut in the middle of an icecovered landscape like a single bubble of summer nectar , i could see how my life could be stretched out in front of me .
his breath is sweet as nectar ; he 's had more than one cake .
he asks it with such genuine curiosity that of course finn has to speak even more , describing the moist crumb , the nectar that seeps from the base of it , the icing that soaks into the cake before you can lick it off .
in the hallway , orla repeated in gansey 's southern nectar : ` ` i ' m not gon na be a sidekick .
at his nectar ceremony , the event where children who came of age drank from the greencloaks ' nectar of ninani and hoped for the appearance of a spirit animal , he had summoned nothing .
` ` you ' ve tasted the nectar , right ? ''
` ` bonds with the bile are different from bonds with the nectar , '' zerif informed him .
` ` the nectar might taste sweeter , but the bile is more useful .
he remembered the glorious taste of the nectar , like butter over honey .
sending secret messages to zerif , the conqueror who 'd taken her away after her nectar ceremony .
conor could still remember the open hatred in devin 's gaze as tarik led conor away from the crowd during their nectar ceremony .
i lived in a very remote village and the nectar did n't make it in time - i was the only child of age and the greencloaks found me too late .
` ` they 're scoundrels who sell fake nectar . ''
conor had been at the nectar ceremony where devin had failed to call up a spirit animal .
everyone learned about the dangers of bonding without the nectar .
in the days before nectar , some bonds went well , and other bonds did n't .
it was hard to imagine anyone bonding without nectar these days - harder still to imagine enough difficult bonds to warrant an entire prison .
he had bonded to donn without the nectar .
by making every village everywhere reliant on the greencloaks and the nectar , they denied the power every country already has .
it creates bonds even when the nectar fails .
he says they have some sort of version of nectar that can force a bond .
i saw him at the nectar ceremony .
` ` but th - this is wrong , '' conor finally stammered , shocked to hear of the gentle greencloak who had presided over his nectar ceremony .
meilin remembered her own nectar ceremony .
rumors were on everyone 's lips : rumors of an advancing army , and of the strange promise the army had - a potion , stronger than the nectar of ninani , which could force the spirit animal bond for anyone who drank it : the bile .
along with nectar , they kept us young and strong .
he reached over and grabbed a goblet of nectar , casually sipping from it as he waited to discuss my future .
what i would n't give for some nectar from the spiritlands , but i settled instead for tepid milk in a heavy mug .
my breakfast was n't ambrosia and nectar , but it would do .
she had brought nectar from the spiritlands .
` ` we have an unlimited supply of nectar here that perpetuates our gifts .
` ` someone has been drinking nectar again . ''
each bite was delicious and my goblet was kept full of ice cold nectar .
i was pleasantly full and the nectar had replenished my strength .
he caressed a clockwork hummingbird that could be wound up to collect nectar in a teacup in its belly .
the hum of bees gathering the nectar of the blossoms tickled the ears of the people gathered below the trees branches .
this is a vial containing the nectar of the heal - all plant .
bees hummed as they gathered the nectar and butterflies flitted among the wildflowers which dotted the bank .
butterflies flitted and mated above the flowers , while others gathered nectar from the flowers .
there were bees around us , gathering nectar from the wild flowers that grew there in profusion .
i prefer nectar of oranges .
he called it the nectar of the gods .
writhing in pain , he grabs at his arm , dripping with the nectar salivating from the plants carnivorous mouth .
ganondorfs evil grin flashes through his mind , then zeldas lips , sweet as nectar upon his , though he quickly stifles the thought .
venncastle 's famous spring nectar . ''
` ` fred knows a tavern that sells the spring nectar that 's the drink i gave you , that we used to have at school .
she sat on her bed and poured the last dregs out of a bottle of spring nectar that raf had given her .
cries dantes softly , i have tasted the nectar of the gods .
the nectar is reserved for later ; first enjoy the main course .
without a word they rose off the branch and flitted over to the nearest set of flowers , where they plunged their long beaks into the lantana flowers for the nectar .
in unison the hummingbirds flew to the top of the pyramid and dribbled the nectar they had gathered , leaving a sweet sticky mess over the top level of bricks .
it was a scouting party attracted by the overwhelming sweetness of the nectar splashed upon the pyramid .
the entire red warrior ant army had come and covered the outside of the pyramid in waves , frenzied by gathering nectar .
although they had come for the nectar they sensed the other activity within the pyramid .
the vilest makoli tasted like nectar in retrospect .
then a little of this nectar will do you no harm , he offered the jug of aguardiente to the man , who looked hesitant .
the treasure they were after was nothing more than plant nectar blessed by magic , that s all .
supposedly , this nectar could reanimate a dead body , make it live forever .
the babylonians invented this nectar .
if a living body drank the nectar , it had all sorts of weird side effects .
according to wren , they found evidence that mudammiq was buried alive with a servant who was supposed to feed the nectar into the kings body after death .
i think he was the one who volunteered to test the magical nectar first .
by the time he was imprisoned , a hundred years later , patrick was the only one of the original group still living , apart from lawrence , buried in a tomb , where he d obviously found some remnants of that magic nectar .
i have a bud and nectar .
above them , large , brilliantly coloured blooms nestled in the crooks of the branches , dripping nectar , their long fibrous roots dangling toward the earth .
rea , following his looks , guessing his thoughts , said with ill suppressed glee , it seems your flower is attracting many drones to her nectar .
floa licked the nectar from her lips .
before diving to her swollen , hairless sex and licking her sweet nectar and eliciting a gasp and moan at the same time .
thankfully most remained small , but no less than two hundred pixies were difficult to be near , especially after they ate nectar and were on a sugar high .
floa answered as blossom lay curled up on the bench after finishing her nectar .
he saw six large dragonfly - like bugs with six wings and a stinger at the end of a tail that is normally harmless and causes mild confusion except to their natural enemy , pixies who were like nectar to bees .
spook thinking of the fresh hot coffee , forgot about tinker but just for a moment , he turned and helped her from the boat and brought her a canteen cup of the hot delectable nectar .
there is a flower that needs attention , a few kind words , a few wise ones to bedazzle her , and the flower will gladly pour out all its nectar for you ... what would the wise words be ?
sisy yells with intense excitement , clenching his teeth in the overwhelming thought of guzzling down godly nectar .
oblivious to its battling sisters , it regurgitated a drop of nectar and offered it to me .
our fermented nectar is much better , said urszula .
it 'd tasted like nectar .
first he bit at her neck with all his strength feeling as he tore open the flesh , but as soon as he felt the sweet nectar that was her blood he could not think about anything else other than drinking it .
he dropped the weapon where he was hiding and jumped down toward the body , falling over it , lifted it as if it was made of paper and then bit him on the neck tearing all the flesh that separated him from his blood until he finally felt the sweet nectar that was mortal blood .
the nectar of the flower causes severe itching and dermatitis on skin of ungainlies , undine , and werewolf alike .
a drop of nectar slides onto the tip of her finger .
the soil absorbs the nectar , cleansing her scaled extremity .
` ` a touch of its nectar will not turn us hairy , '' serena tells liam .
` ` but it can be harmful , especially if ingested , or if the nectar makes its way into our bloodstream .
i may be about as handy as shit on a stick at this public speaking malarkey and i ai n't much cop at big noting myself , but i 'll take anyone on when it comes to sinking nectar down me gurgler !
grog with no nectar .
i drank perforce , without any hint from her impassive face whether she poured nectar or poison down my throat .
it is like the nectar of belial , giving me new vitality .
and i have gathered knowledge as a bee gathers its nectar .
you are an ever - replenishing source of the nectar of life .
with a deep sigh , she flopped down on him , placed her mouth on his throat , chewed into him and felt the sweet nectar of his life flow into her .
and alex loved having mary so close , feeling the flow of her life - giving nectar gush into the playmate she 'd known so many years .
sweet nectar of the gods !
to have tasted freedom , like the finest nectar of summers bloom , then to have it wrenched away so cruelly .
we have forsaken our eternal souls to taste the sweet nectar of immortality .
he had become numb to it , filled to the brim with falsity and illusion , never realizing how devoid such substance was of nutrition and nectar of worth .
his panicked face clouded with confusion , ` ` i do n't und- '' ` ` they taste like nectar .
bloodlines an evil moon shines down on me , hinting of things to come , concealing horrid memories of the devils work that i have done ; fangs unsheathed of canine teeth and hair that s lost control ; a madmans lust for human blood , unfettered by a soul ; i seek to sate my sudden need with the first i come across ; i sink in deeply with my teeth , ensuring that no blood is lost ; i rip and tear and rend with claw while shreds of flesh surrender to the rabid beast in me that tastes the fresh blood of her ; her screaming falls on eager ears ; her blood goes racing faster ; until the final scream cuts off i ve sucked my lifeblood from her ; the blood is sweet as nectars breath dancing on my tongue ; it trickles down my swollen throat too soon , the meal is done ; i revel in the luxury of the massive high i feel , but only for a moments breath that makes it seem surreal ; i flee the scene that i have made and find my way to home , where i sit and ponder on the dreadful deed i ve done ; with the passing of the rush , the fixs potency , i feel deflated , all at once , and ease off into sleep ; i wake with blood dried on my chin , no wound from which it flowed ; a rancid taste is in my mouth that makes me gag and choke ; i cleanse myself as best i can , discard my tattered skin ; i stare into the empty glass at what i ve always been ; i wonder if ill ever die will peace for me be found ?
lula flew off to find some sweet flower nectar and something for shawna to eat since wilderness - survival had not been an option in high school .
lula was humming a tune to herself and sipping nectar from a sunset kiss .
the interior of the city smelled like cinnamon and roses and people and baking bread and nectar and olive trees and all manner of unknown things .
eli grimaced into his glass and downed the nectar .
you are the nectar of god and earth .
the air was fresher than the scent of any spring , it felt like they were breathing in the nectar of the very gods .
there was a butterfly who was said to feast upon its nectar in order to turn black yes , there was a rose who let blackness overtake her , and she was banished from the garden .
she stiffened as the memory of the two vampires in the shop came back to her : i do nt care if she tastes like nectar and ambrosia , its not worth pissing nathan off ... . sam had felt her stiffen at the realization , and leaned in close .
to the hungry travellers the meal seemed like the nectar of the gods .
they come in various sizes , for there is nectar wherever two horns separate .
some of the bees are much too small to see , for otherwise they would be unable to harvest the nectar from the smaller horns .
they make their honey entirely from the nectar of the wandropriggilish orchid , and nourish themselves with it during their eight hundred and seventy - seven years of almost unbroken sleep , as they wait for it to blossom again .
you know , my little drop of nectar , how all your friends believe in the girl of the prophecies , and are expecting her to show up at any moment now ?
bees dug deep into the flowers to extract nectar .
bees buzzed about the hives , finding a way in , and then buzzed out to collect nectar from the flowers in the oasis .
bees buzzed around the air , systematically searching for sweet nectar in the vegetable and fruit blossoms .
this zeus blessed your fake brother cosmos , and sipped the potion nectar of immortality from the metal cups that he made it of the black matter , and gave feasts of ambrosia in honor of your losing !
he tasted like nectar .
he tasted like nectar to her , to ellen , with no other soul in between .
in fact , some of it was dissolving gently in jimkin bearhugger 's finest nectar .
people think it 's funny to be afraid of something so small , but bear in mind that the unseelie demi - fey drink blood as well as nectar .
how could i know the nectar - sweet aroma that entered my nose was a delicate flower i could n't even identify by sight ?
i gently pull the stamen through the blossom and set the drop of nectar on my tongue .
it spread into me as our bodies moved together , sweeter than any nectar .
pevara embraced the source , flooding herself with the sweet nectar that was saidar .
` ` and what do you know , '' he asked , ` ` about gods and goddesses who drink nectar and eat ambrosia ? ''
he just could nt understand it ; he had always been unmatched in his ability to woo and enjoy several maidens at onceeach one a different nectar , distinct , but equally precious .
mukarrab khan looked up and took a goblet of fruit nectar from a waiting servant .
hawksworth turned , still puzzling , back to mukarrab khan and waved away the brown ballwhich the governor immediately washed down himself with fruit nectar .
he paused to take a sip of nectar , then shrugged .
he had discovered other trees with large oranges , plump with yellow nectar , as well as pomegranates and tamarind just like those he had known in ife , his home city .
juliet fenster had made a practice of displaying her nectar to attract the buzzing bees that followed her .
i was praising this nectar .
ambrosia mythical food / drink of the greek gods ambrosia is very closely related to the gods ' other form of sustenance , nectar .
the two terms may not have originally been distinguished ; though in homer 's poems nectar is usually the drink and ambrosia the food of the gods ; it was with ambrosia hera ` ` cleansed all defilement from her lovely flesh '' , and with ambrosia athena prepared penelope in her sleep , so that when she appeared for the final time before her suitors , the effects of years had been stripped away and they were inflamed with passion at the sight of her .
it issues forth the nectar of the military - industrial complex , to wit , antipersonnel bombs .
i told you how honey bees learn the direction to nectar by brushing against the scout bee as he dances .
the bible turned into a field of flowers and the believers into bees feeding from the spiritual nectar opening the doors to the new jerusalem .
in many flowering plants , insects and other carriers , arrive at the flowers attracted by the color and the promise of nectar .
then wading in the water , he found two stones to break the coconut enough to yield its whitish nectar .
how the nectar of your mouth would taste i imagine you were thinking similar things when you entered the room , and by the blush on your cheeks , i can see that i ' m right .
my parents and i had already scrounged every cent we could for the photograph but they knew how much i loved sweets so with absolute sacrifice , they gave me for one bar of rich chocolatethat nectar of the gods that my ancestors had brought to the world .
shiva , open your eye - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 shiva , open your eye 358 the 195 a 185 and 178 of 168 i 138 to 104 in 82 was 75 that 74 he 68 my 61 is 54 his 53 it 44 not 42 from 41 as 38 me 37 with 36 on 34 for 28 by 26 or 26 an 26 but 26 there 25 him 25 this 25 at 23 what 22 be 21 would 21 if 20 when 19 had 19 their 19 one 18 man 17 into 16 have 16 are 15 its 15 mr 15 time 15 connell 15 them 14 up 14 like 13 they 12 could 12 no 12 did 12 all 11 so 11 world 11 too 11 do 10 were 10 more 10 things 10 old 10 am 9 god 9 yet 9 see 9 before 8 you 8 under 8 how 8 will 7 those 7 barn 7 after 7 upon 7 good 7 big 7 another 7 tea 7 men 7 eyes 7 because 7 these 6 people 6 sea 6 way 6 quick 6 say 6 than 6 back 6 any 6 again 6 much 6 left 6 come 6 some 6 being 6 over 6 knew 6 life 6 memories 6 might 6 light 6 stars 6 thought 6 pocket 6 which 6 through 6 wore 6 out 6 been 5 dark 5 just 5 came 5 most 5 winter 5 only 5 state 5 human 5 few 5 nothing 5 cycle 5 about 5 cold 5 sense 5 long 5 several 5 said 5 truth 5 hand 5 while 5 door 5 around 5 years 4 matter 4 even 4 logic 4 doing 4 who 4 beach 4 later 4 end 4 great 4 went 4 your 4 look 4 cologne 4 slept 4 property 4 against 4 why 4 occurred 4 washington 4 now 4 bottle 4 mentioned 4 christmas 4 flesh 4 nature 4 eye 4 monk 4 should 4 off 4 unless 4 every 4 sky 4 down 4 farm 4 frame 4 shiva 4 water 4 shadow 4 then 4 same 4 others 4 here 4 though 4 oceans 4 myself 4 done 4 empty 4 shall 4 change 4 once 4 name 4 anything 4 thing 4 room 3 gone 3 really 3 stone 3 better 3 something 3 late 3 fire 3 simple 3 never 3 little 3 questions 3 beyond 3 wonders 3 understand 3 our 3 we 3 ocean 3 soon 3 strike 3 living 3 piece 3 shack 3 anyone 3 sweet 3 where 3 value 3 make 3 habit 3 inside 3 mind 3 know 3 other 3 vanished 3 different 3 ah 3 animals 3 fear 3 made 3 dirt 3 brain 3 imagine 3 watch 3 think 3 word 3 shell 3 house 3 mine 3 created 3 call 3 bag 3 autumn 3 terrible 3 visit 3 mass 3 thoughts 3 answer 3 bulk 3 feel 3 it 's 3 wisdom 3 two 3 each 3 find 3 let 3 indeed 3 blood 3 summer 3 prayed 3 named 3 clay 3 pattern 3 children 3 touch 3 dreams 3 asked 3 idea 3 true 3 reveal 3 across 3 try 3 read 3 purpose 3 heavy 3 looking 3 chance 3 us 3 can not 3 first 2 gray 2 gloves 2 can 2 poking 2 assessor 2 death 2 huts 2 depths 2 hear 2 show 2 breath 2 return 2 final 2 anymore 2 ghost 2 pearl 2 smacking 2 obvious 2 job 2 sleep 2 both 2 creation 2 existence 2 go 2 tree 2 boy 2 bad 2 organism 2 occasion 2 hot 2 rather 2 plain 2 smell 2 season 2 trapped 2 perished 2 church 2 dare 2 flashlight 2 nervous 2 gulf 2 seldom 2 kept 2 metal 2 kerosene 2 preferred 2 earlier 2 emerald - colored 2 intellect 2 towers 2 radio 2 without 2 smiled 2 strength 2 sticky 2 fancied 2 shadows 2 kind 2 sure 2 do n't 2 voice 2 fields 2 begins 2 sweated 2 song 2 rust 2 soup 2 part 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 torpid 2 sculpture 2 behold 2 unfortunately 2 last 2 devil 2 sunrise 2 toward 2 frightened 2 regarded 2 certainly 2 methodical 2 yearning 2 disappeared 2 course 2 upstairs 2 excretes 2 investigator 2 except 2 peripheral 2 besides 2 wanted 2 well 2 news 2 strange 2 cellar 2 road 2 rough 2 military 2 gaze 2 possessed 2 leads 2 may 2 regard 2 remember 2 best 2 ruin 2 far 2 required 2 makes 2 also 2 federal 2 sustain 2 ha 2 papers 2 such 2 shape 2 degree 2 evil 2 ancient 2 perceptions 2 afraid 2 spark 2 imperative 2 tossed 2 has 2 dying 2 flower 2 clarity 2 lizards 2 until 2 minutes 2 ice 2 pointed 2 curiosity 2 returned 2 perhaps 2 priests 2 place 2 cruel 2 orbiting 2 land 2 presence 2 naked 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 nigh 2 government 2 told 2 colored 2 famous 2 plane 2 hide 2 sustenance 2 hell 2 perception 2 crooked 2 does 2 documents 2 power 2 thy 2 bureau 2 itself 2 fingers 2 frozen 2 comment 2 humble 2 relative 2 open 2 forms 2 ears 2 pack 2 whatever 2 beast 2 weak 2 feet 2 subject 2 national 2 slow 2 squirming 2 dreamed 2 affect 2 case 2 mouth 2 smoked 2 dead 2 together 2 animal 2 own 2 art 2 lived 2 disappearances 2 oil 2 lazy 2 large 2 hands 2 creature 2 force 2 measure 2 mechanism 2 bound 2 work 2 emerged 2 whether 2 cigar 2 attention 2 smile 2 close 2 hidden 2 however 2 year 2 wind 2 skin 2 ephemeral 2 fleeting 2 exactly 2 thee 2 equipment 2 sat 2 often 2 thus 2 evolution 2 dim 2 fragile 2 looked 2 shoes 2 ever 2 gods 2 pretending 2 always 2 rap 2 actor 2 tongue 2 condition 2 travel 2 spring 2 wife 2 corner 2 villagers 2 shore 2 dust 2 longer 2 used 2 story 2 fruit 2 sign 2 thirty 2 bubbles 2 gums 2 gained 2 shuffle 2 instead 2 mindless 2 mold 2 temptation 2 cave 2 fell 2 window 2 floor 2 night 2 lovely 2 closer 2 tell 2 leave 2 requires 2 simply 2 buried 2 jacket 1 dropped 1 married 1 bering 1 eschew 1 trust 1 strove 1 sedan 1 settling 1 going 1 throes 1 wait 1 visage 1 nasa 1 riffled 1 faa 1 lumbered 1 interesting 1 cool 1 wizened 1 proof 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 muck 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 rustle 1 lament 1 flopped 1 disquiet 1 dwells 1 failed 1 musk 1 fish 1 seizing 1 truck 1 abiding 1 fathom 1 fresh 1 wears 1 keep 1 stirring 1 blacken 1 revile 1 huff 1 cutter 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 la 1 thanked 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 flourishes 1 tarp 1 revered 1 latter 1 flash 1 fold 1 building 1 virtue 1 rent 1 owner 1 abomination 1 table 1 whenever 1 bounded 1 wriggle 1 vast 1 brim 1 web 1 set 1 country 1 flames 1 wire 1 stained 1 intumescent 1 secrets 1 capture 1 wonder 1 prehistory 1 investigator 's 1 fragment 1 research 1 scrutinized 1 survey 1 visitor 1 deeds 1 arrived 1 laws 1 driven 1 drifted 1 eventually 1 offered 1 blessings 1 tilling 1 eating 1 twisted 1 handcuffs 1 chrysalis 1 invent 1 brittle 1 huge 1 spurred 1 maniac 1 steadfast 1 superseded 1 sapient 1 submission 1 caves 1 plucked 1 disease 1 baffle 1 casting 1 corroborative 1 behind 1 ashes 1 haunted 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 drowsy 1 he 'd 1 cosmos 1 horrible 1 scotch 1 lilies 1 self - analysis 1 collectors 1 amused 1 latex 1 giddy 1 results 1 want 1 feigned 1 save 1 shudder 1 tad 1 magnificent 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 hope 1 die 1 becoming 1 sheet 1 soccer 1 today 1 coherent 1 necessary 1 pot 1 fix 1 crippling 1 occluded 1 crystal 1 fills 1 nemesis 1 antennae 1 munificent 1 primordial 1 tulgy 1 starfish 1 hungry 1 swipes 1 individual 1 weaker 1 wick 1 rive 1 purchased 1 desired 1 unimaginative 1 listened 1 reared 1 routine 1 humid 1 illume 1 invoked 1 calculation 1 portrait 1 advance 1 jealous 1 shine 1 many 1 coffee 1 bare 1 scoffing 1 operated 1 sediment 1 lips 1 sunder 1 throw 1 tug 1 watching 1 juices 1 wry 1 boggle 1 wrong 1 lockpicks 1 ramshackle 1 molded 1 thirteen 1 mars 1 fused 1 fast 1 peeling 1 ciphers 1 tweed 1 instinct 1 physiology 1 possibility 1 budding 1 suspicious 1 twilight 1 emanated 1 damned 1 climb 1 alone 1 phantom 1 tended 1 fortresses 1 leech 's 1 was n't 1 away 1 approximation 1 unsteady 1 picked 1 astray 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 destroyed 1 wherein 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 efficiently 1 fluids 1 left - hand 1 buttocks 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 trail 1 turn 1 traps 1 past 1 agony 1 split 1 satellites 1 gave 1 move 1 malls 1 tastes 1 layered 1 wane 1 notice 1 hamstringing 1 mice 1 sparks 1 destroyer 1 sails 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 bed 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 thaw 1 reach 1 patience 1 particular 1 discern 1 glaring 1 fragmented 1 outstripping 1 symbol 1 reassure 1 tide 1 endless 1 rapid 1 floss 1 inconvenient 1 attracted 1 chair 1 stud 1 practice 1 welding 1 definitely 1 ignored 1 savor 1 milky - lucent 1 angles 1 permitted 1 opportunity 1 hitchhikers 1 chest 1 wondering 1 span 1 wave 1 takes 1 birthday 1 child 1 evaded 1 pretty 1 skeletal 1 lurk 1 fissure 1 whole 1 new 1 discomfiting 1 states 1 suffice 1 innocent 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 nose 1 conclusion 1 consequences 1 piss 1 counterchange 1 actually 1 occasional 1 describe 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 audience 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 thrives 1 reject 1 forward 1 burner 1 tender 1 tarpaulin 1 bunsen 1 pallid 1 welcome 1 intent 1 velvet 1 ten 1 gelid 1 insides 1 sought 1 appropriated 1 accipitrine 1 crumpled 1 insufferable 1 material 1 subjects 1 cross 1 island 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 curious 1 monster 1 thousands 1 driveway 1 suffocate 1 parked 1 fury 1 wallet 1 reeling 1 impetus 1 hat 1 wall 1 quietly 1 anticipation 1 slither 1 knows 1 plates 1 brutes 1 grasping 1 stayed 1 teetered 1 pleas 1 documentaries 1 blind 1 disappointing 1 placate 1 waits 1 sometimes 1 explosion 1 crackle 1 strong 1 comforts 1 microscopes 1 brine 1 almighty 1 presumed 1 suppositories 1 making 1 hungover 1 concern 1 faulty 1 screen 1 opted 1 convinced 1 shriveled 1 roll 1 swim 1 whence 1 seventeen 1 circumstance 1 deliberate 1 boiling 1 twitches 1 joke 1 mountain 1 unbidden 1 flank 1 fly 1 degrees 1 least 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 dance 1 decided 1 idol 1 fixed 1 sloughing 1 stuck 1 defend 1 identity 1 bid 1 almost 1 bellowing 1 revolutions 1 crucifix 1 cast 1 descriptions 1 venus 1 spreading 1 themselves 1 off - put 1 passing 1 odor 1 lubricated 1 leaving 1 stagger 1 grew 1 middle 1 transformation 1 cat 1 impression 1 wake 1 terrestrial 1 clothes 1 unexpressive 1 failing 1 glacier 1 carefully 1 else 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 sundries 1 craving 1 lump 1 missing 1 stationed 1 outwrestle 1 disfigured 1 draws 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 slithering 1 slips 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 emerges 1 sharks 1 struck 1 settled 1 nipped 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 variation 1 accurate 1 squatting 1 aspirin 1 stowed 1 pursuit 1 diminish 1 yarding 1 catholics 1 tribe 1 lag 1 stomp 1 consider 1 carpet 1 frighten 1 weapon 1 sounded 1 funny 1 comprising 1 subtler 1 seemed 1 heavens 1 physics 1 design 1 demons 1 glanced 1 worried 1 enemies 1 pursue 1 becomes 1 sky - rises 1 abyssal 1 happiness 1 cliffs 1 kids 1 shattered 1 united 1 muttered 1 catches 1 gun 1 drone 1 chemicals 1 university 1 inquiry 1 bliss 1 hearkened 1 masses 1 nobody 1 trickling 1 dwindling 1 warm - blooded 1 submerge 1 tomes 1 gravid 1 powerful 1 ripple 1 stabbed 1 loved 1 thickening 1 soft 1 write 1 wildly 1 impairment 1 broken 1 fill 1 warmth 1 desolate 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 rippling 1 gaped 1 awnings 1 pool 1 irresistible 1 madro 1 is n't 1 gaily 1 decide 1 approaching 1 suitable 1 meant 1 workman 1 sterile 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 murder 1 recites 1 hurry 1 rumpled 1 form 1 addiction 1 traveled 1 scalpels 1 urges 1 toothpaste 1 elucidate 1 windows 1 sexes 1 possibly 1 maintains 1 3 - in - one 1 quonset 1 gravel 1 pleasure 1 bracing 1 candle 1 widow 1 veins 1 crazed 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 walk 1 number 1 drawings 1 revel 1 ominous 1 surely 1 flickering 1 prostrate 1 summed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 test 1 seep 1 molting 1 presume 1 heels 1 therefore 1 slowly 1 tape 1 ponderous 1 creatures 1 shoebox 1 carried 1 center - beam 1 mastered 1 sound 1 tissue 1 coat 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 albeit 1 golden 1 tendency 1 aeons 1 assume 1 pay 1 galleries 1 damp 1 got 1 crumble 1 interludes 1 mating 1 unpoked 1 subjected 1 especially 1 ice - age 1 precisely 1 easy 1 incomprehensible 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 guesswork 1 hospitality 1 sacrifice 1 chasm 1 residual 1 frost 1 scratchy 1 device 1 camera 1 vessel 1 antacid 1 slacks 1 field 1 lenses 1 sam 1 fairness 1 played 1 dangerous 1 pall 1 current 1 virus 1 catch 1 glared 1 north 1 recollection 1 deer 1 grounded 1 computer 1 niveous 1 round 1 gleaned 1 christ 1 slumberous 1 retrieve 1 housewives 1 nocturnal 1 shucking 1 would n't 1 prone 1 sanity 1 teeth 1 fabrications 1 complex 1 suspecting 1 cell 1 marred 1 spawning 1 showed 1 thrall 1 filled 1 string 1 grunted 1 probe 1 earthly 1 uttered 1 lightning 1 boiled 1 days 1 strapping 1 tablets 1 inconsiderable 1 keeps 1 firmament 1 anguish 1 muffled 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 consequence 1 despite 1 shallow 1 nameless 1 transforms 1 curtain 1 lamp 1 malign 1 rhode 1 porch 1 annoying 1 effigy 1 pitchforks 1 expertly 1 drip 1 fellow 1 feral 1 lot 1 binds 1 untroubled 1 murders 1 profane 1 hunger 1 mean 1 uproot 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 frailties 1 scope 1 accompany 1 steaming 1 taste 1 root 1 moved 1 effect 1 stay 1 blindly 1 quaver 1 trying 1 major 1 anesthetic 1 obscured 1 above 1 consciousness 1 play 1 snow 1 mortal 1 vigor 1 mighty 1 dancing 1 shrugged 1 discretion 1 lights 1 grasp 1 concupiscent 1 microrecorder 1 placed 1 blossom 1 thank 1 type 1 picking 1 context 1 situation 1 note 1 brink 1 perfection 1 stretch 1 distractions 1 distinctive 1 partially 1 pleasures 1 beard 1 thirty - eight - caliber 1 ramble 1 suckle 1 directly 1 hyaline 1 seeds 1 rejected 1 clathrose 1 blowing 1 killing 1 visions 1 holy 1 puzzle 1 artist 1 seek 1 mention 1 sea - green 1 hunted 1 patent - leather 1 poor 1 waking 1 waiting 1 doors 1 sliced 1 butterfly 1 poisoned 1 righteous 1 toss - axes 1 mug 1 shadowed 1 person 1 resurges 1 monsters 1 squalid 1 impoverished 1 hated 1 freezing 1 clusters 1 line 1 bosnia 1 moaning 1 genome 1 grace 1 need 1 earth 1 tinsel 1 skins 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 everything 1 young 1 spiral 1 offline 1 laugh 1 relentless 1 cusp 1 packages 1 sensitive 1 sequined 1 dwell 1 business 1 warding 1 locust 1 substance 1 although 1 claim 1 tears 1 important 1 presents 1 inaccessible 1 bore 1 girl 1 periods 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 ineluctable 1 affectations 1 bizarre 1 swiftly 1 speaking 1 red 1 notable 1 contains 1 clotted 1 alight 1 spurts 1 content 1 ill - tailored 1 witless 1 chilled 1 canvas 1 rendering 1 black 1 agree 1 philosophers 1 wood 1 anyway 1 nakedness 1 sifted 1 slouching 1 cases 1 shroud 1 warned 1 textures 1 monosyllabic 1 half - roll 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sagging 1 leaching 1 items 1 waters 1 steel 1 cataclysm 1 polyurethane 1 details 1 cocoon 1 metaphor 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 divinity 1 designed 1 fullness 1 shared 1 deities 1 warp 1 fleshly 1 listening 1 accelerated 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 embrace 1 atlantic 1 barred 1 flint 1 rambling 1 shadowlands 1 shorn 1 according 1 pebbles 1 oh 1 hapless 1 language 1 panting 1 dumping 1 scaly 1 bowl 1 assured 1 dinosaurs 1 methane 1 pitted 1 pick 1 winding 1 morning 1 hunched 1 feat 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 crumbling 1 abuse 1 opening 1 vague 1 irritation 1 palace 1 happening 1 moment 1 month 1 mirror 1 uncertain 1 widening 1 bombing 1 nip 1 reserve 1 stand 1 lifted 1 fist 1 risk 1 hungered 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 pressing 1 spoke 1 heat 1 brass 1 heave 1 pores 1 spritzed 1 map 1 inner 1 genial 1 mote 1 survive 1 ole 1 ages 1 predator 1 proper 1 places 1 perfunctory 1 slight 1 ago 1 contradiction 1 mistake 1 lifts 1 safely 1 surface 1 slip 1 hound 1 crack 1 veil 1 trick 1 maybe 1 sequestered 1 guessed 1 normal 1 hood 1 charlatan 1 kindred 1 groove 1 purple 1 kernel 1 beads 1 station 1 crawled 1 truly 1 foolish 1 castle 1 seat 1 torches 1 happened 1 thick 1 nail 1 blinding 1 brutally 1 random 1 lumpy 1 urgency 1 floundering 1 contrived 1 shuttering 1 pyrgoidal 1 disposable 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 opened 1 glistening 1 lame 1 speaker 1 remains 1 face 1 morass 1 delusion 1 home 1 slumbers 1 reasoning 1 murky 1 movement 1 phantasms 1 gazed 1 hoarded 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 legend 1 thorough 1 accuracy 1 survives 1 bones 1 coomb 1 nome 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 become 1 congress 1 took 1 sagacity 1 burned 1 rending 1 seems 1 sapiens 1 clutching 1 smeared 1 careful 1 rest 1 seasons 1 swaying 1 temperatures 1 indulge 1 connell 's 1 heathen 1 pretended 1 chose 1 astronomers 1 sliding 1 sip 1 subterfuge 1 hobbled 1 thinking 1 beings 1 navy 1 vicious 1 scheme 1 intuition 1 uncle 1 love 1 leg 1 rheumy 1 counts 1 bowels 1 ringed 1 stories 1 buffalo 1 ineffable 1 construct 1 unto 1 tongs 1 miles 1 images 1 service 1 forever 1 three 1 anticipatory 1 feeling 1 squamous 1 hearing 1 sadness 1 three - and - a - half 1 flake 1 imprinted 1 void 1 cawed 1 progress 1 self - employed 1 tropical 1 discover 1 full 1 identification 1 refulgence 1 pocked 1 sublime 1 boat 1 doubt 1 assault 1 fetid 1 hardly 1 detector 1 rottweiler 1 brief 1 crushed 1 sprawling 1 blatantly 1 unasked 1 unions 1 recalcitrant 1 speech 1 delighted 1 considered 1 arcane 1 threatening 1 inarticulate 1 moist 1 murphy 1 refined 1 witness 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 proportion 1 trees 1 craggy 1 foul 1 private 1 ordeal 1 happen 1 predating 1 anecdote 1 heel 1 command 1 reconnoiter 1 forged 1 rain 1 ethiopia 1 quite 1 very 1 moon 1 nonetheless 1 galaxy 1 police - issue 1 churning 1 blinking 1 refrain 1 homo 1 slouched 1 leashed 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 sweat 1 pecked 1 warm 1 theater 1 ordering 1 strip 1 starshine 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 appetite 1 blunt 1 teaspoon 1 drift 1 cloying 1 ring 1 pricked 1 primeval 1 suit 1 tired 1 pitcher 1 caressing 1 billion 1 celebrations 1 knuckles 1 authenticity 1 weeks 1 pardon 1 losing 1 deep 1 horizon 1 amusing 1 pounce 1 guided 1 sun 1 poisoning 1 offices 1 bottomless 1 haunting 1 quake 1 impulses 1 famine 1 prolongated 1 remembered 1 uncle 's 1 brushing 1 waste 1 hemorrhoid 1 changes 1 hold 1 nations 1 precise 1 whiskey 1 indicate 1 cabalists 1 accidents 1 free 1 rich 1 branches 1 labor 1 regeneration 1 license 1 apprehended 1 requisite 1 glory 1 allow 1 cognition 1 hour 1 tracks 1 larger 1 sent 1 gloaming 1 mount 1 unkind 1 born 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 alarm 1 spread 1 den 1 rictus 1 given 1 incarnations 1 friends 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 trifle 1 bosom 1 idols 1 bind 1 shower 1 chain 1 separate 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 lingered 1 between 1 loft 1 parts 1 book 1 peru 1 fumbling 1 judgment 1 wedged 1 cryptic 1 incident 1 prehistoric 1 secret 1 branch 1 geographics 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 stippled 1 kill 1 philippines 1 wisely 1 investors 1 silk 1 chaos 1 transferred 1 microbes 1 saddened 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 seared 1 stale 1 draped 1 fully 1 eastern 1 misfortunate 1 soothing 1 scriven 1 day 1 lulled 1 half - blind 1 accord 1 slay 1 suppose 1 huddle 1 must 1 checking 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 justify 1 single 1 slumber 1 since 1 television 1 cinders 1 knocking 1 normally 1 dire 1 darted 1 crocodile 1 creak 1 resembling 1 assumptions 1 obliquangular 1 did n't 1 himself 1 lost 1 tone 1 watched 1 machines 1 nook 1 founding 1 rented 1 unfriendly 1 suffered 1 cared 1 crash 1 wants 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 thread 1 verification 1 tribulations 1 biologists 1 jellyfish 1 wither 1 grains 1 blot 1 trip 1 dredged 1 native 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 fleeing 1 convince 1 perfectly 1 celestial 1 stranded 1 knees 1 lumbering 1 mugs 1 holiday 1 59 1 hammer 1 management 1 boarded 1 uneasiness 1 equal 1 absorbed 1 other 's 1 douses 1 spear 1 visor 1 steeping 1 tends 1 welcoming 1 unpleasant 1 chevrolet 1 mated 1 nor 1 gander 1 ground 1 beneath 1 reached 1 coast 1 pleasurable 1 stark 1 roasting 1 straw 1 enforcement 1 fashion 1 believe 1 salesmen 1 trailing 1 accept 1 troopers 1 splayed 1 gloom 1 could n't 1 bethlehem 1 yes 1 solid 1 mode 1 marvel 1 creepy 1 scrambling 1 springs 1 gusts 1 abrupt 1 called 1 submarines 1 carnival 1 floating 1 knotted 1 lurked 1 looming 1 step 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 immense 1 centuries 1 adjusted 1 unsubstantiated 1 neglected 1 gazing 1 delved 1 steakhouse 1 twin 1 membrane 1 small 1 dread 1 clumsy 1 contemplation 1 limits 1 color 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 locked 1 fancy 1 glide 1 sort 1 drank 1 exposed 1 blossoming 1 exclamations 1 lightless 1 ask 1 warns 1 shelf 1 suing 1 plant 1 nearly 1 low 1 inevitable 1 sensational 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 take 1 minute 1 inhabit 1 impossible 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 linear 1 books 1 school 1 frigid 1 griseous 1 maintained 1 ponder 1 slant 1 cursed 1 silicon 1 psychedelic 1 copulation 1 stroke 1 toothless 1 islets 1 present 1 formicating 1 virgins 1 amuse 1 decaying 1 peace 1 nectar 1 joined 1 interrupted 1 mantle 1 cabins 1 dominating 1 driving 1 self - determination 1 correct 1 values 1 spinning 1 phrase 1 temples 1 laconic 1 fastening 1 bitter 1 colliding 1 confusion 1 ultimate 1 cavernous 1 jelly 1 shores 1 list 1 accident 1 crow 1 falls 1 massive 1 organisms 1 swamps 1 supplication 1 glaucous 1 eats 1 side 1 fired 1 antiquitous 1 town 1 enough 1 acting 1 bloom 1 portend 1 hunter 1 completely 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 amusement 1 continents 1 loneliness 1 pulsating 1 paid 1 atheists 1 instant 1 imprecations 1 procreation 1 majority 1 hubris 1 decimated 1 glue 1 carry 1 spirit 1 learn 1 gleaming 1 involvement 1 extending 1 investigation 1 obsidian 1 traces 1 heller 1 glasses 1 origins 1 burn 1 latest 1 works 1 brought 1 cosmetics 1 oaths 1 along 1 filtering 1 bestow 1 fur 1 foundation 1 revolver 1 drop 1 football 1 scrabbling 1 reduced 1 missionaries 1 times 1 scientists 1 electrochemical 1 feared 1 persons 1 prawns 1 decay 1 pluto 1 saw 1 quaint 1 painless 1 corporations 1 overall 1 structure 1 clearer 925 .
` ` you are not common , you still know about ambrosia , of nectar of the gods , that is characteristic essential of the immortality of the life without shade of death . ''
he / she did n't know who of the two same above of him to make himself / herself / themselves love more deeply the possible , while the other wound his head with the legs , forcing to taste him / it until after all the nectar of his / her secret garden .
the hand owner height stantuffava vigor : to brief everything the nectar would have given her .
he lifted the glass of whisky to his lips and took a deep gulp of the honey coloured nectar , and as he placed the glass down on his desk , his call was answered on the other end .
now what s say we finish this nectar and grab a little shut eye ?
the golden brown nectar seemed to send them into a wild frenzy and soon there were thousands of tiny eating machines pouring out from every crack and crevice imaginable .
if angelo tasted of its sour nectar , would he be able to repeat his previous performance with an early departure ?
the warm water was beyond delicious it was life - giving nectar as drawn from heavens springs .
thistles and thorn bushes rose up from the knotted , twisted weeds , and the fragrance , sweet and full of warmth and nectar , wafted up to them .
one taste of the sweet nectar was all i needed .
he could smell the burned popcorn , rancid hot dogs , and sweet soul - nectar from the many vendors inside the fairgrounds .
arms and legs were arranged like plants in a topiary , a blossom of death , wreathed in blood that dripped like sap , like pollen , like crimson nectar .
during periods of postcoital tranquility they philosophized together , imbibing wine and nectar from golden chalices arabesqued with tantric erotica , whose handles were caryatids and telemones .
you do nt drink the nectar of the gods ?
caffeine and sugar the nectar of the zombies .
it was cold and deli-125 cious , tasting not like poison but like the nectar of the gods .
ioth apparently has promised you the honeyed nectar of immortality but you inform him you ve already got that mate , so he offers to make one of you a god , sort of a lotto 649 sort of thing , as it were .
the rhododendron flower is a delicious supply of nectar for louie .
the consumption of the nectar helps louie to avoid the temptation to eat the chocolate cake he has with him .
she went to her larder and brought louie a drink of nectar and a pill to swallow .
louie took the nectar and swallowed the pill and immediately calmed down .
louie had some nectar in his larder with which he had mixed in a bit of honey and allowed to ferment a little a delicious sort of mead .
louie added , to ease the situation , that there was some chocolate cake and nectar in the office and to help themselves when they arrived .
the ten ants did nt like red wine that much and instead had some of louies fermented nectar with honey that louie had thought to bring for them .
the red wine and nectar made everyone feel very pleasant .
i have got some of my honey nectar for you too !
i say jolly good old chap , and slapped louie on the back at the same time so that poor louie just about choked on his honey nectar .
the flowers fascinated lulu because if she was back at home on the other side of the quartz , she could actually fly onto the flower and enjoy the nectar , but on this side she was too big and stood many times taller than the plant .
the village council has planted some daffodils , freesias , and jonquils amongst the trees , they are just so beautiful at this time of the year and the nectar is so sweet .
we can take them a bit of chocolate cake and nectar .
i remember because as a bee , the nectar in those marigolds is particularly delicious .
louie poured pearl another nectar and she had a spot of chocolate cake to settle her nerves .
right you two go out on the deck and talk baby stuff while i get some glasses of nectar .
talking and chatter flowed with the consumption of the nectar .
louie and lulu showed the flowers to tiger and lily and they had a lovely afternoon tasting all the different nectars .
pearl ordered some drinks , red wine for herself , fermented honey nectar for louie and lulu , and just straight nectar for tiger and lily .
donuts are my nectar .
before he could pour the life - giving nectar down his gullet , he slid on something .
you have the taste of sweet nectar , the voluptuousness of ripe fruit .
then he pressed the bucket itself to his lips to drain the nectar to the dregs .
clarity ensured that flower lowered her voice and focused on paragraph two of decadence describing the sweet nectar of the mouth , which flourished once the gate of pleasure became open .
he recalled the research they had done , the sending out for books , and the muted discussions and arguments that had ensued once they had been read ; the purchases they had made , and how they had secreted them into the building and managed to keep them hidden from their peers ; how the brewing had been done in an alcove in an old room on a deserted floor just above the dorms and just below staff quarters ; how they had sneaked down the stairs between classes and at all hours of the night to add sugar , stir and filter the mixture , check the temperature and the acidity , and do all the little things that needed to be done to bring their shelly - like creation to fruition ; and how finally , after what seemed an age , they judged that the moment of consumption had arrived ; how only then did they invite the entire year to a late night drinker in their dorm , where they had all feasted on the tastiest of cheeses , the crispiest of biscuits and a nectar of such refinement and civility that it was determined there and then that the process be repeated at the soonest opportunity .
harry the barman wafted amongst them , dropping warmed goblets of nectar down upon the tables velveteen greens .
real maple syrup tastes much better than agave nectar .
i passed the cups of luscious red nectar to the women , who were looking pretty luscious as well , and we three clinked glasses , toasting with my words to new friends .
gwen knew they were something special when she tasted the nectar .
sizable pours of brown nectar swirling in each one .
the baby slipped into a state of nirvana at the maraschino nectar about the time my son separated his chopsticks and was waving them around as he had been taught in his instructional ninja turtle video .
sweet nectar of the gods , he said .
fizzies : lukewarm nectar of the childhood gods the other night i asked a bartender to do something i would probably never ask a plastic surgeon or auto mechanic to do- just surprise me .
i was out front of celestines house trying to talk myself out of making another run for some more elicit nectar when i saw a familiar truck pull up in front of the house .
a spoonful of olive oil with sugar mixed in was a delectable nectar and sustained me many a day !
more forbidden nectar that he was about to try for the first time .
the king then tossed the key to the floor at the fools feet , obviously , this device has failed to dissuade an entire fleet of men who ve come to steal the nectar from my ivory bird .
he needed a cup of oily black nectar .
his tongue dipped down like a hummingbird darting into the throat of a flower , slurping up nectar .
my debut novel , remembering the sweet nectar is available now in paperback and also on kindle and nook .
also , the audio cd comes out in august for remembering the sweet nectar .
but the memory would be there , always there to savour , like the taste of nectar on the base of the dark red tubular flower that my ten year old hand reached out to pick , lifted to my mouth and sucked .
the old woman commanded them in an admonishing tone as she carefully stepped down the ladder of the tall chair and picked up a bowl containing the gurus semen and went around to each woman , touching them in sensitive areas , sometimes kissing them sensuously for the purposes of collecting from them vaginal fluid that was necessary to the composition of what was referred to as the divine nectar .
the divine nectar .
the effects of nectar-13 , of course , were somewhat different from those of the divine nectar as the high tended to be shorter in duration .
further beyond them was the old orthodox morellan woman who had performed the tantric rites with the upper - class women , earlier on , in order to collect ingredients for the divine nectar .
during his frequent visits to asoka plains , crown prince mitsuo , himself , could nt resist a night out with the young socialites and insisted that every function he attended be fully stocked with casks of the nectar .
they were invited to parties , filled to capacity with divine nectar , and shovedwillingly or unwillinglyinto their cars for midnight spectator street races .
the young spectators , hopped up on the nectar , however , resisted the suppression by their elders and violence ensued .
in the day , i would see hummingbirds come by to drink nectar from the hanging plants .
it barely quenched the dryness of his tongue , but it tasted like sweet nectar .
he had just been given a new glass of nectar by one of the fairies .
its days were gone when it would shed a huge circle of blossoms in the spring , when it would shed the green fruit , like baby butternuts , pruning itself of its too heavy burden , when it would shed its ripe fruit late in the summer and wasps would gather in clouds to sip at the sweet nectar of the windfalls .
he drinks a honey nectar from a clay jug that he carries with him and eats with it a sugary candy flavored with blueberries .
then , they congregate solemnly for a festival , feast flavorfully upon the sweet nectar of the petioles , and extract proteins from the leaves .
we followed her , a small herd of willful children , holding bubbly black nectar in our thermos cups like chalices of sacred wine .
a pastel , earth - colored moth was feasting on the nectar in a bell - shaped ivory flower .
chapter 10 ana took a sip of the chilled passion fruit juice and relished the sweet and sour nectar as it went down the back of her tongue .
then from his neck and burrowing through his skull more tendrils thrusting forth in resolute growth , pushing skyward and sunward and out what had been his ears and eyes and nose , his mouth yielding forth not words but all mix of bloomsclematis , wisteria , honeysuckle , trumpet flower : all dangling in a nectar - laden tangle of succulent and fragrant clusters .
james could smell their nectar from where he was sitting .
` ` wine is the nectar of god , princess .
` ` wine is the nectar of god , princess , '' i heard my uncle say , and i turned to meet his smiling gaze across the room where he stood with an empty bottle held out in each hand .
the few brief , sweet kisses we d shared were like drops of nectar on the tongue of a woman stranded on a desert island -- they left me hungry for more .
an aggressive iridescent - green hummingbird buzzed us a couple of times on his way to nectar , and betty whooped in surprise .
ah , like nectar , drink of the gods .
' no nectar in pines , but plenty of aphids . '
she set the traycomplete with two fresh blueberry muffins , the butter already melting into them , orange juice and a steaming cup of my beloved nectar of the gods ( black coffee ) on the night table .
the scent immediately brought memories of childhood , sitting on a grassy bank behind her home , letting the tiny drops of honeysuckle nectar drop onto her tongue .
he raised his glass to his lips pouring the sweet nectar down his throat as his body started to hydrate itself after sleep .
i enjoyed what could only be called god 's nectar .
i shoved her panties to the side , gliding my fingers through the wet , sticky nectar and dragging it up to coat her swollen clit .
ah , sweet nectar of the gods .
i sucked on more of the black nectar of the gods and started tapping out a beat on my knee with my free hand .
` ` ah , the nectar of the gods . ''
i survive off the nectar of my broadway ambitions .
the nectar seeping in of his tongue on me .
` ` i ' ve got to taste this sweet nectar .
mercy , she tightened and screamed , her nectar rushing from her body .
suckling his sticky sweet nectar .
i let the sourish nectar flow onto my tongue .
` ` thank you , '' i tell him , sipping at the nectar of the gods .
their burst open skins were seemingly unequal to the struggle of containing their rosy nectar , their sweet , seductive scent was a waft of delicate perfume .
and then he tossed a cocktail shaker over his shoulder and caught it as he turned about , flipping a bottle from the bar so a little of its peachy nectar went into the shaker .
i m supposed to just follow you around like a hummingbird chasing a sweet drink of nectar ?
you did nt say something about wanting a sweet drink of nectar ?
your nectar is nt quite as sweet as you seem to think it is , i muttered .
her pussy clenched his cock and then a gush of her warm nectar surrounded him seeping down his shaft to coat his groin and balls .
i am convinced that this is the true nectar of the gods in all those greek myths .
with their lips only inches apart , it was an act of sheer willpower that kept him from tasting her sweet nectar .
the cold liquid trickling down his throat tasted like liquid nectar .
it was decided that edward hillyard could charm a hummingbird away from its nectar ; but as for money , he had not enough .
thus , aware or otherwise i seek turmoil and tribulations as vigorously as bees seek nectar from flower .
right now , i m a man who wants a taste of your nectar .
he could still taste her sweet nectar in the back of his throat .
she took photos of a grasshopper hanging on to the tall grasses , of bees sucking nectar from flowers , of birds chirping in the trees , and of wildflowers that were surrounding her .
it was the sweetest nectar he 'd ever tasted , so full of strength and vigor .
taste the nectar and devour it .
before the blonde could do further damage to her eardrums and before her hot temper exploded like a boiling kettle , she threw the bouquet in hunters face , grabbed both their towels , one in each hand , and yanked them off their bodies , exposing his and her anatomies to the black cat sitting on the fence , birds in the trees , the bees sucking nectar from flowers on the porch , and whoever happened to glimpse them at that moment .
and the world did find their precious jewel , as hundreds of thousands of tourists from around the world flocked to this little town each year , just to feast their eyes on their exotic lake and the serene beauty that seemed to enchant the eyes , be it in summer when the flowers all bloomed to their full beauty like a maiden ready for her lover to come and pluck her , winter when the whole town transformed into a winter wonderland , including the peaks of the mountains with a casting of white icing sugar , spring when the buds of plants called out to the bees to collect their nectar , or autumn with the golden - yellow leaves carpeting the entire floor , making the whole town look like the land of gold glitter in the autumn sun .
but i do want you well , your sp clarice was about to confess when hunter cut her sentence short by capturing her plump lips and indulging in his hunger for her once again , drinking in her sweet nectar to sate his sweet craving .
last night , the curiosity to see her was so strong that he almost turned on the bedside lamp , but because he was so hungry for her again after round one , he went to indulge her sweet nectar once again .
she knew that some of them made hasty financial decisions just like nectar counting on their salary bumps to cover new expenses .
silent and sullen , nectar appeared in the door of his office .
it seemed that nectar once again did what he was best at sniffed out and won some new business , a business the potential of which only he could spot , or spot it way ahead of any competition .
the whole place was buzzing with gossip , but no one dared ask nectar or amaranthine for any details .
he must have known how desperate nectar was for business after losing paramonos enterprises .
i d better let nectar know its over as soon as possible , he may be able to negotiate a replacement with collins if he wants to keep his business .
they d had a meeting with nectar that morning about figures and predictions and they needed to tie up some loose ends .
oh , yes , i remember , he exclaimed , i remember how pissed off you were at the prospect , how you hated nectar for forcing you to work with them !
ill speak to nectar about it at our monday meeting ; the sooner we get someone trained up , the better .
and just when he was slowly beginning to accept the fact that from now on they would nt spend any significant amount of time together and his will would nt be tested in such a painful manner ever again , nectar phoned .
maybe you can persuade nectar to let you work from here , daniel said with hope .
they had a meeting with nectar , updating him on the developments regarding carpe diems tour and marketing .
i know that , nectar , but i need to monitor how the crowds react to the band , she insisted .
i will contact nectar and let him know i need to stay here next week .
she tried to contact nectar to let him know she would nt be returning to new york on monday , but he was nt answering and she did nt want to leave a message ; she would rather discuss it with him .
i d still get him to see an immortal doctor , ambrose insisted , but if you think he s all right ill let nectar know that you need to speak to him .
her scent was sweet - as if she 'd recently bathed in the nectar of honeysuckles .
her skin tasted honey sweet , like nectar against his tongue .
it had been so long since he 'd held her and tasted the sweet nectar of her lips .
because i for one think coffee is the nectar of the gods and , yes , we need it desperately .
she plucked a plump white flower from the vase and brought it slowly to her face , admiring the deeply lobed leaves and fragile petals , the still - moist drops of nectar inside its center .
the air was perfumed with nectar welling in delicate white flowers springing up in delightful groves .
she fingered the deeply lobed petals of one of the full white blossoms and leaned forward to breathe in its soft nectar .
instead , it flew off and disappeared into a red fuchsia , hurriedly collecting its fill of nectar and pollen .
and more than that , he desperately wanted to feel her in his arms , to run his fingers over those stunning curves , to taste her sweet nectar .
a hummingbird sipping nectar from a flower .
he speared her flesh , suckled from her like she was some kind of sweet nectar .
he leaned over and brushed his mouth across hers , sipping at the nectar of her lips . ` `
my mouth waters at the idea of tasting your nectar .
and soon i can not say anything else because i am licking up her nectar .
the intoxicating sweetness stole his breath away as he clung to her shoulders plunging his tongue further into her invitation , drinking in her sweet nectar .
lunging forward , he feasted on her mouth , her neck , her br**sts , belly and navel , then finally reached her nectar .
or maybeit wasjust that she found , astimepassed , that she was developing a terrible craving for the sweet nectar they made .
when they 'd finished the last of that tasty pink nectar , out of nowhere one of the women who 'd set up earlier appeared with a fresh batch .
whether it was the moon or the water or maybe even that delicious pink nectar , another twenty - four - plus hours alone with taryn did n't seem long enough .
while pouring some chilled nectar , she eyed her laptop sitting on the counter .
in this brief moment of hesitation , still warm with the nectar of a young man 's memories , i make a choice .
julie grins at me and nora as we appraise the three tumblers of pale yellow nectar .
again and again , like a butterfly flitting from flower to flower , he sampled the sweetness of the nectar from her br**sts until he was pleasurably sated .
the sweetest nectar she 'd ever tasted .
he massaged the soft , sensitized tissue , his body stiff , breathing harsh , as her nectar spilled over his hand .
from this perspective , it looked like a honey - comb , fuzzy wigged heads and gauze - winged dresses bobbing to and fro across the six - sided tiles , buzzing busily over glasses filled with the nectar of brandywine and porter .
like nectar he could n't wait to dive into .
her very soul unraveled as she let go , her orgasm tearing through her body , drenching his shaft with her sweet nectar .
only a few could taste the sweet , addictive nectar of stardom while many others were able to experience it only on a much smaller scale .
he sipped and savored her sweet nectar as he rode her with delicious abandon .
paenknelt there for quite awhile , gobbling upthe berriesone afterthe other like a bee sucking the nectar from a flower ... until he heard acracklingin the bushes to hisright .
instead , i take a sip of the nectar of the gods and stare at him over the cup .
the chilled liquid slid down her throat like nectar .
i wanted inside her without a barrier and the sweet nectar dribbling out of her opening was more than i could handle .
he savored the nectar of her orgasm until the need for release drove him to rise to his hands and knees .
she tasted as he 'd known she would , like the nectar he 'd dreamed of al his life and never found in either wolf or woman .
he looked up again , but his mind was occupied with the prospect of feasting on her nectar and he had to wrench it back to the point where it would understand the spoken word .
guests , including his mother and brother , buzzed around her like bees seeking nectar .
chapter eight pad thai brought over to your bedroom by your best friend after a long day of listening to mystery shoppers give excuse after excuse for late field reports is the nectar of the gods .
the nectar of the working - class male .