i start my arrangement with a pink rose stalk ( desire ) and follow that with an oleander ( caution ) .
long rows of oleander bushes line the straight , smooth path into triad 's parking lot .
the ugly cement block walls , so common in southwestern cities , were softened by stands of hot pink and white oleanders on two walls , with a line of rose bushes , sheltered from the direct sun , on the third .
moonlight now shone on four - o'clocks that bloomed in darkness and the ghostly white blossoms of the oleanders .
she dashed into the water and smashed into the statue of lakshmi , leaving a yellowish splatter on her side , veered left , banged into a tree , trampled through the oleander bushes , rammed herself into the fence , and spun in place , screaming .
she smelled like oleander .
kneading her back , losing himself in the tingling sensation she was giving him , he inhaled the oleander scent of her hair .
when they passed each other , he closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of oleander in her hair .
amid the music of bubbling fountains and the heady scent of oleander bushes that were probably pruned by lobotomized men with fingernail clippers , the shrink told me many things that were ironic , perfect as punch lines , even better than the chicken that crossed the road .
he shifted his gaze slowly , past arizona sycamores and the occasional overgrown oleander .
` ` those oleander bushes needed trimming . ''
follow this author online : http : //www.howtolivewrite.com/ for more books by this author : http : //www.howtolivewrite.com / books/ february 2014 the ballad of mistress s the oleander effect snow in november copyright 2014 by justin muller smashwords edition ( professionally copy - edited ) all rights reserved .
this book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review first published : january 2014 cover design : jeanine henning for the latest news , visit : www.justinmullerbooks.com table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 epilogue the oleander effect : throne of bayonets about the author other books by justin muller the glass forest the oleander effect series coming soon book 2 : throne of bayonets chapter 1 the desert dunes moved slowly with the hollow wind , and every eye had nowhere to land a sight .
and felix , the oleander effect has started .
the oleander effect throne of bayonets book 2 you can build a throne of bayonets , but its difficult to sit on boris yeltsin if you enjoyed this book , and would like to read more , you can sign up for the justin muller books newsletter and we will email you when the oleander effect , throne of bayonets is available .
the oleander effect throne of bayonets book 2 you can build a throne of bayonets , but its difficult to sit on boris yeltsin if you enjoyed this book , and would like to read more , you can sign up for the justin muller books newsletter and we will email you when the oleander effect , throne of bayonets is available .
read on for the first chapter of the oleander effect : throne of bayonets !
the oleander effect : throne of bayonets chapter 1 the two men were sitting at a table by the outdoor caf , one with a suit , one without .
i could swallow a lot of oleander leaves or castor beans or something and get rid of him ; he 'd be helpless , he could n't stop me .
bill could do a lot better with mr . tree 's body than mr . tree is doing , i bet , and all i have to worry about really is chewing the right number of poisonous oleander leaves -- enough to kill him but not me .
at least until i got the oleander leaves chewed and swallowed .
even touching the attractive green fronds could make you sick , and if a child were to take a mouthful , he would almost certainly die - the toxin was fifty times more poisonous than oleander .
he did n't want to see up close the garden gone to seed , chinaberry and oleander struggling with grass as high as wheat , and the porches stripped of paint , turning that dull gray that old untended wood turns in the damp climate of louisiana .
he came down the front steps and went around the flagstone walk and past the screen porch , using his ladder as he went , to drive back the banana trees and the swollen oleander .
contains processed oleander leaves , saltpeter , oil of peppermint , n - acetyl - p - aminophenol , zinc oxide , charcoal , cobalt chloride , caffeine , extract of digitalis , steroids in trace amounts , sodium citrate , ascorbic acid , artificial coloring and flavoring .
and there were , of course , the oleander leaves .
` ` processed oleander leaves , oil of peppermint , charcoal , cobalt chloride , zinc oxide- '' weariness overcame him ; he stopped talking .
the exhaust of the vehicles passing on sunset smelled faintly of oleander , the oleander was lightly perfumed with exhaust , and the sky overhead was as clear as a hardshell baptist 's conscience .
the exhaust of the vehicles passing on sunset smelled faintly of oleander , the oleander was lightly perfumed with exhaust , and the sky overhead was as clear as a hardshell baptist 's conscience .
a little breeze c scented with oleander and exhaust c ruffled his cowlick , and i realized that i could see it because he was n't wearing his tweed cap .
i used the leaf of the oleander now and then , and oleander grew everywhere in california .
i used the leaf of the oleander now and then , and oleander grew everywhere in california .
the single lamp above the kitchen back door offered little light , but he had no trouble spotting the tall man standing near a row of oleanders that bordered the fence .
` ` he thinks he 's trimming the oleanders , '' kenny explained , calmer now .
i could only imagine the foliage of palms and oleander , vastly different from the pines and oak trees i had been catching glimpses of in my travels ; and now cactus in texas .
welcome back , oleander , the man answered .
fast forward 70 million years , give or take a million oleander jack , mr . ii , a boy who most probably was nt named sherlock , and a well - dressed teen all stared through the door and down the throat of a monstrous , gaping mouth .
and you two , mr . ii said , oleander and sherlock .
you play the violin , do you not , oleander ?
one sign said : oleander , thank you for your help .
as they turned their back on the street and returned to the porch , the final car broke ranks and turned into a side street , pulling next to a huge oleander bush at the curb .
gold and red butterflies fluttered about , lighting on pink and white blossoms of the oleanders .
she sat on a wooden bench in the shade of a large oleander and wiped her sweaty palms on her deep pink robe .
a breeze blew softly and he noticed the oleanders swaying , their pink blossoms attracting several bright orange butterflies the size of a mans head .
he wondered why oleanders are so poisonous to humans , yet safe for other species .
groves of oleander , hibiscus bushes in flower , citrus and guava orchards bearing fragrant fruit .
pink orchids poked their heads through petals of oleander , bougainvillea and plumeria the whole beach was covered in different shades of pink .
and as for all of the oleanders and poincianas , the convolvulus and the camellias in the national gardens - that was a mile back !
though your tamarinds and oleanders , your banyans , lotus blossoms and mangroves wo n't survive in these high latitudesthat amanda !
pink , funnel - shaped flowers of the oleanders , with their leathery , narrow leaves and creamy yellow edges were dynamic among those plants whose short flowering lives had passed with the spring and summer months .
those oleanders were a lot like silas ; they were harmless to look at , but fatal if tampered with .
i bet he will , he said , touching a pink oleander petal with the tip of his finger .
http : //eepurl.com / eeltl the oleander effect snow in november copyright 2014 by justin muller smashwords edition ( professionally copy - edited ) all rights reserved .
they helped papa cimbrone out of the car and down the steep winding steps between the bushes of myrtle and oleander .
funny thing is oleander only appears on this tax return .
on the surface it appears they did just that , but i have a distinct impression there s still a connection between oleander and castor .
then came the connection between castor and that strange company oleander enterprises .
normal channels had nt turned up anything further there , and nothing in the letter from mr . eddis mentioned oleander .
but he could nt leave his current investigations on castor and oleander .
it would take some time to earn the necessary security clearances , but then he would blow the investigation wide open and tie up the loose ends between castor and oleander .
perhaps it was nt even castor , but someone at oleander who pulled the strings .
hitchens leaned closer and whispered , what do you already know about oleander enterprises ?
more yellowed sales slips from oleander .
some of the art through oleander had come to a few wealthy wichita families , but sams family was never wealthy , even with those large payouts from castor .
hitlers death file in a box with information about oleander .
after unwrapping a package of cards , joe wrote at the top of one o. e .. on the second card he wrote a.h . and e.b .. he d worry about sams connection after he deduced any between oleander and the reported deaths of adolf hitler and eva braun .
he glanced over his shoulder before typing into the search engine the name oleander .
an online encyclopedia popped up first , and he read all about and made notes on the oleander shrub native to mediterranean and asian regions , its ancient medicinal uses , and its dangerous and almost immediate toxicity as a poison .
did the poison mentioned there perhaps apply to the oleander plant ?
after the fall of the soviet union , rumors swirled about deaths from experiments authorized by stalin to develop a formula from the oleander plant .
another name for the oleander shrub screamed out from the screen of the computeradelfa .
as he continued pecking his way through various websites and information about oleander , joe kept his senses trained on the woman .
then the oleander plant itself used for medicinal purposes but poisonous if ingested .
when he found oleanders lair , would he find samantha too ?
joe gave him the rundown on oleander enterprises and the strange oleander plant recipes .
joe gave him the rundown on oleander enterprises and the strange oleander plant recipes .
not if he d found a way to slow the aging process slow it like maybe with an oleander recipe ?
yellow oleander , campanilla , be - still tree ( thevetia peruviana ) : small tree .
common oleander ( nerium indicum ) : evergreen shrub .
one death was due to the victim 's having eaten meat cooked over an open fire , spitted on a stick of oleander wood .
bond strained his eyes to the right , towards the castle , but his view was obstructed by an expanse of white oleanders , that innocent shrub with its attractive clusters of blossom that is used as a deadly fish poison in many parts of the tropics .
then the sound of the steps vanished in the direction of the oleander clump , and bond gave a groan and felt his back .
to the left , not yet screened by the young oleanders and crotons that had been planted for this eventual purpose , were the kitchens and laundry and staff quarters , the usual back quarters of a luxury hotel ; and music , the heartbeat thump of jamaican calypso , came from their direction -- presumably the kingston combo rehearsing .
we crouched down in a coppice of oleander .
the neighbors could not see it for the high brick walls , the dense old trees , and oleander growing wild around it .
palm trees and some large oleander bushes with salmon - colored flowers lined the block fence .
she moved in quietly until she got to another large oleander bush .
there were tall , flowering oleanders growing behind the hotel so i pulled both agents along until we could duck between two large bushes .
the dread does n't hit until i arrive at his apartment and see the familiar brown stucco walls and pink oleander bush .
she shifted the goblets into order , squeezing in belladonna just before the goblet containing a lethal dose of oleander .
she knew little about botany , but recognized the pink blossoms as oleanders and begonias .
leah recognized one of the plants as an oleander bush , and isabella recognized a cluster of foxgloves .
marianna had loved flowers , especially oleander and gardenias , both of which grew wild on this island .
hensbane and wolfsbane , and the oleander .
the oleander bushes out front were crushed and the beautiful white flowers , poisonous as they were beautiful , lay beneath tree branches from the live oak nearby .
i shall never forget the last glimpse which i had of the inn yard and its crowd of picturesque figures , all crossing themselves , as they stood round the wide archway , with its background of rich foliage of oleander and orange trees in green tubs clustered in the centre of the yard .
willy saw him chopping at the safe through a gap in a half - dead oleander hedge when they parked in the alley .
and in order to escape her , the cat often crouched in their oleander hedge masquerading as a salmon loaf , sometimes with a light seasoning of dry twigs and moldy leaves stuck to its back .
she was none other than oleander dalene , reality star of the big - box church , about a exurban riverside county mega - church 50 miles east .
nine kids of various ages swarmed the old yellow car when abe wheeled it into the oleander lined driveway of the waverly childrens home ; not an orphanage at all but rather a type of foster home for wards of the state who were awaiting adoption .
as shorty cleared the way horace bounded out of the car and over to the oleanders where he opted to watch everything from a safe distance .
etc before the station wagons smoke evaporated into the air , all the kids except alvin came running through the thicket of oleanders that lined the driveway .
that he once parked the car in a handicapped spot at a public library and peed on an oleander bush , because he underestimated the combined effects of green tea and maxed air conditioning ?
palm trees , oleander , bougainvillea , orange and lemon trees .
a pair of vibrantly coloured rosellas eyed her boldly as she walked down the back steps and into the shade of the oleander tree that grew beside the veranda .
at the southern edge of the church property , a hedge of oleander bushes did an ineffective job of hiding the concrete masonry units , otherwise known as slump blocks , which formed the slab back of save - co , where an assortment of broken cardboard boxes , pallets and dumpsters littered the loading bays .
an hour later she pulled back into the gravel driveway of the motel in fivespot and parked under the neon sign that read ` ` oleander '' and , in smaller letters , ` ` motel vacancy . ''
it was a comfort to be able to return to her small , warm enclosure at the oleander .
after a half - hour of paralysis she drove slowly back over the pass and on down to the oleander , parked the car , and shut herself into the little room , where she sat on the sagging bed , waiting for the resolve to begin untangling the mess she 'd created for herself .
they hurried along the dark street toward the oleander , battling a wind that poured down from the mountains as though a dam had burst .
they stood next to their cars in the oleander 's parking lot and exchanged keys .
she resigned herself to paying for margaret 's night in the oleander , too .
it was surprising how even the flimsy walls of the oleander were enough to shut out another person 's life so completely .
just to get the conversation started , ruth told him how much she liked the little room at the oleander .
he spent about six months a year in fivespot , he told them , from may through october , running the oleander and fishing in the afternoons when things were quiet at the motel .
he insisted on buying their breakfasts , over ruth 's weak protests , and then walked them back to the oleander .
fivespot looked pretty bleak this morning , despite the sunshine , and her room in the oleander looked less like a cozy haven and more like a lonely little motel room .
day after day passed , and in genoa , the noons were getting hotter , the outer roads getting deeper with white dust , the oleanders in the tubs along the wayside gardens looking more and more like fatigued holiday - makers , and the sweet evening sowing the paths with happy tinklings of mule - bells and thrumming of strings , light footsteps and voices ; while the encircling heights , crowned with forts , skirted with gardens , seemed to come forth in fullness of beauty after their long siesta , till all strong colour melted in the moonlight .
the opening was hidden by a large , unruly oleander .
there were blooming pink hibiscus and a bank of oleander along the left side .
the yard was bordered with oleander , bougainvillea , and hibiscus in every color of the rainbow .
lush lawn trimmed with fingernail scissors , hyacinth and oleander everywhere .
` ` it seems that ryan hendricks died of oleander poisoning .
` ` i know what oleander is '' i said .
i was here a few days ago and the park has oleander bushes growing near the fence . ''
what makes you think that these are the oleander bushes that poisoned ryan ? ''
eleanor had been brought to hospital with oleander poisoning and her stomach had been pumped , an experience that she had felt the need to share with everyone according to jorge .
we tested that detox concoction in his refrigerator and there was enough oleander to kill him in that easily .
you were right , there were oleander bushes all along the back fence of their home in the national park .
the glasses of juice she gave to you and eleanor had enough oleander in it that you would have both been dead within a day .
rose and oleander bushes lined the wooden fence that separated their property from dead grove .
have the lab check for toxicity similar to oleander .
but , given that the poison could have been a form of oleander , it probably had a fairly bitter taste .
my father said they had to stop having children because he did n't want to name a child oleander . ''
a beam of light at the back of the house pushed through the row of oleander bushes crowding the kitchen door .
she dumped the tepid coffee and walked along the pathway until she found a secluded cement bench surrounded by tall flowering oleander shrubs .
then at last they turned off the motorway and headed up into the mountains , the land was greener , covered in rock roses and broom , wild oleanders filled the valley floor , a ribbon of red and white flowers that snaked along beside the narrow riverbed .
once there was an uproar when ebenezer and joe , the dog , got into a dispute over which one had the right to the patch of cool green grass beneath the oleander shrub .
she could n't see joe , but a low growl issued from beneath the oleander shrub , and she spoke quietly to him as honey 's car turned into the driveway .
joe growled again as honey walked up the steps , but remained beneath the oleander .
something rustled in the oleanders .
jenny glanced toward her parents ' room , but their venetian blinds were dark , and a row of tall oleander bushes blocked their view of the pool .