for the next three days , mitch brought her hot tea , orange juice and soup along with cold medicine , promising each time she woke up that he 'd discuss taking her home when she woke up the next time .
before leaving for work , i told her i 'd stop by a duane reade to pick up orange juice and cough medicine .
i set the large dining room table for six , pour orange juice and coffee into carafes and set them on the table as the doorbell rings .
and then , after i had gotten up and shaved , had breakfast at the motel cafe of hotcakes and bacon and coffee and orange juice and had read the newspaper , i felt as good as new .
we ate potato salad , which i gave you the recipe for all ready , you should make it its really good , and we drank orange juice and potato sticks and squishy egg and cress sandwiches .
i bought the best bottle of wine i could find , a bottle of vodka , orange juice and a few bottles of beer and a couple of packs of cigarettes and put it all on the credit card and headed home .
but now , in this time after breakfast , as she digests her cereal and orange juice , fatigue claims its moment , and she s once again on the couch .
' but , he added , weird enough for a russian he drank orange juice and sparkling water .
without mona , hanna felt like a great outfit without matching accessories , a screwdriver that was all orange juice and no vodka , an ipod without headphones .
* * * in the dining room over fresh orange juice and slices of melon katherine said , i am still angry but i need to know , have you any more secrets ?
i was nt looking forward to having to hump all the way back to fort orange through indian country if we were nt able to call in a helo for evac .
followed the orange tape .
the tray of food was lying on the floor with eggs , bacon , flapjacks , fried potatoes , orange juice , and toast spread across the carpeting , looking as though a diner had exploded .
no long , muddled nights spent bar - hopping , followed by long , muddled days spent drinking coffee and orange juice and gobbling vitamin - b tablets ( days when if his glance so much as happened upon his typewriter , he would turn away , shuddering ) .
i was nt feeling like cooking , so i poured some cereal and skim milk in a bowl , some orange juice in a glass and some coffee in a cup .
i could nt remember ever being really angry , not even when my mother left , not when jem spiked my orange juice before the sats , not when jon cheated on me with random bimbo number two .
stashed a bottle of unknown origin in her backpack , thought to be vodka and orange juice .
louis had an early shift that morning , had gotten up at six , found his clothes , slammed some orange juice and headed out to his car .
they sat on the couch , niklas drinking orange juice from his sippy cup while grace drank tea .
resigned , i choked down one of the muffins and washed it down with some orange juice before mrs . presley relinquished the paper .
` ` the clockwork orange guy ? ''
he munched on macadamia nut cookies and drank orange juice - though he 'd requested a beer - while cybil efficiently stowed the three filled bags .