when she saw the tall man in the dark suit standing in her kitchen , the only other area besides the den and the two bedrooms which were on opposite sides of the den , siri jumped up , dumping her books and notes all over the orange , shag carpet .
it was a flaming crepe with a delicious orange sauce .
rob had replaced her moisturizer with some sort of goop that stained her skin a violent orange .
something caught her eye and she blinked , surprised by the incongruity of a florescent orange post in the middle of this pristine forest .
it was one of her best ; a fall landscape , all oranges and browns , with a herd of cattle in the distance .
she used earthy reds , yellows and oranges to make the space feel warm , upbeat and inviting .
she had once loved bright colors , too - oranges and pinks and lime greens that set off her dark hair to perfection .
sabrina was awestruck as the sun dipped down to touch the horizon , the cliffs in front of her coming on fire as the sun broke and diffused behind them , splintering off into red , orange and fuscia rays .
her lustrous hair was barely tamed with a scarf of orange and her ears dangled with something a middle eastern harem woman would be proud of wearing .
for a moment , i watched the way the light turned into a beautiful shade of orange and red , which i had n't seen since italy .
the bright orange under an ivory lace overlay brought out the fiery tones in her hair and made her skin glow .
during our epic paint project , we 'd painted the master bedroom a burnt orange .
i loved the orange we 'd picked out for the walls .
the sun was disappearing into the lake , sending shards of orange and yellow light in every direction .
chapter five cream , peach and a slash of burnt orange .
standing in her doorway was a tall , beefy dark - skinned man wearing a bright orange vest and a yellow hard hat .
a smaller rectangular table stood beside it with buffet style warming dishes and carafes of milk and orange juice .
he was so pale against the orange of his life jacket that i thought he might pass out at any moment , but he stayed sitting and did his best to smile encouragingly at me .
the sky was awash in blues , pinks , golds , and oranges that stole my breath away .
` ` thus , turning the room orange , '' i replied , quickly stuffing another bite of french toast in my mouth as soon as i finished speaking .
` ` you 're telling me you do n't want to know that his favorite color is yellow or that he likes his eggs scrambled and orange juice without pulp ? ''
see the beautiful orange and yellow ?
as a child , it had been a bright carrot orange , the subject of vast amounts of teasing .
chapter five the sun was rising out beyond the edge of the sea , a huge red ball coloring the sky orange like some exotic cocktail .
` ` okay , into the cage , '' he said , gesturing to the orange cage .
she demanded , her eyes fixed on the pinks and oranges of the sunset .
` ` do you really wear neon orange and yellow eye shadow ? ''
` ` this is nice , '' she said , impressed with the blue and silver decorations but not really caring if they were fucia and orange .
` ` i 'd probably go with a warm , creamy orange or a welcoming soft blue .
debbie moved over to the kitchen , tossing her purple ruffled shawl over one of the painted wooden bar stools , this one orange which clashed even more with her deep purple shawl .
the orange or the pink ? ''
the pink made marabeth look like she was going to throw up and the orange brought out every possible freckle on the young woman 's face .
rose tugged a pale orange sweater over her head .
it 'll hide the i - was - out - of - my - mind orange . ''
the green would contrast nicely against the bright orange .
` ` what happened to the bright orange ? ''
it was still sunny outside , but pink and orange streaked the evening sky .
the rain did stop , but it was still gloomy with some orange tinged hues scattered about .
add to that mess the fact that the only thing keeping her from going to jail for murdering her cousin was her intense aversion to every shade of orange .
his glowing orange stub dropped to the patio , hissing before the smoke disappeared .
by the time we reached monterosso , the sun burned like orange glitter over the darkening water .
the dark blue sky was giving way to the stretch of bright orange on the horizon .
sacha detached herself from a group of people , trailing eagerly after her , very much the colourful butterfly in a bright orange silk pantsuit with a long split jacket in shades of violet , blue and turquoise and printed with orange and red flowers .
' milk or orange juice ? '
' it 's not milk or orange juice . '
in place of her usual uniform for carrying out her deal with him , she wore a clingy green top outlining her lovely full breasts and a swinging frilled skirt in green and orange and brown - strappy orange sandals on her feet .
his orange t - shirt was hanging off one of the dining chairs .
the door opens and blake stands at the threshold with my orange coat folded over his arm .
i go into my bedroom , put the orange coat on a hanger , pick up the orange shoes off the floor , and go out of the front door , saying , ' popping over to bill 's . '
i hang the orange coat on a hook behind the door , open a cupboard , put the shoes inside and close it .
billie 's eyes alight on the orange coat and she smiles smugly .
it is black and bright orange and large .
i understand that he is as trapped as i was when i slipped into a sluttish orange dress and went to sell my body to the highest bidder .
on foot , i watch the sun become red and the air orange .
the setting sun still provided an orange glow on the horizon and in the streets far below him , other lights in dizzying colors and patterns glittered and shone like jewels in a treasure chest .
a dozen pillows were mounded against the headboard and the last glow of the sunset painted the sky outside the window a deep orange .
she smiled with pleasure as she looked at her bed , its canopy and coverlet of ivory satin with threads of gold and pale orange .
a few of the trees were already exchanging the lush green leaves of summer for the bright golds and oranges of early fall , and for whitney , it was a halcyon day .
in the flickering orange glow from the fireplace across the room , clayton saw her hesitate , and then imperceptibly tilt her face up , offering her lips for his kiss .
white cuffs peeped from beneath his black jacket , and in the bright orange glow of the flame she saw that his hands and face were deeply tanned .
it 's nearly sunset , and the sky is slowly fading into a beautiful show of pinks and oranges .
along the wall the gardeners had planted some yellow orange helenium , which if trent had n't told her differently she would ' ve assumed were just plain old daisies .
the campus was shades of orange and purple as the sun hung over the west side of campus .
all the pain disappeared - eclipsed by one beautiful image - a jagged orange streak suspended above a row of rusty trailers stitched together like segments of a decomposed centipede .
the lights went dark and the pyro kicked in , silhouetting jax in an orange glow .
i turned and saw a female reporter , with a spray tan in a shade of oompa loompa orange , and hair the color of a brass doorknob , giving mark a flirtatious look .
the rich reds and oranges of the restaurant gave it a cozy but exotic feel .
the sun was setting , and the sky had a beautiful orange glow to it as the darkness crept closer and closer .
we listened to the wave 's crash against the surf and watched the sun setting through an amazing bright orange and purple sky .
church steeples punctuated the skyline between the yellow , burnt orange and aqua blue historic buildings .
she knew the sun was turning flame orange and speeding on an intercept course with the sea , that the horizon would be changing into a thousand hues and the waters would be starting their transformation from aquamarine to royal blue .
aliyah looked down at her dress of deep reds and oranges .
she was in a low - cut , sleeveless satin nightdress in dazzling blues and greens and oranges , echoing the exuberance of the room 's furnishings .
it was heavily embellished in breathtakingly intricate floral designs of silver and bronze thread and was worked with sequins , beads , pearls , crystals and applique in every shade of burnt orange , crimson and garnet .
they both had tufted velvet cushions , one green and the other orange .
one was bright green and the other bright orange .
the leaves on the birches and other hardwoods were a riot of burnished orange , russet , and gold - gold like sevastyan 's eyes .
in her waking hours , she often felt a surge of vindictive pleasure at the thought of celeste wearing a heinous orange jumpsuit in jail .
probably a bunch of friends highlighted in orange and family in yellow .
it looks like you have a big orange basketball on your head . ''
a bright orange , red , and yellow ball of fire slowly disappeared into bright blue water as she thanked david and hung up .
curly hair piled on top of her head and held with some sort of plastic clip , cutoff jeans , tanned legs , and bright orange toenails on bare feet .
the trees behind poplar cove were smoking and every few seconds a new orange burst of flames popped up over the roofline .
chapter one grateful that her toast as maid of honor was behind her , tuesday also appreciated that her orange bridesmaid dress looked remarkably better under the muted ballroom lights than it had earlier in the day .
the colors are all neutral with the exception of the sofa , which is a dusky orange color .
instead , he noticed her toenails were painted a bright orange , one toe surrounded by a thin silver ring .
she added a thin orange headband that matched her dress , spritzed her favorite perfume and was ready to go .
the reds and oranges of fire tangled in with the silver and black of wind , the blues and greens making varying shades of turquoise as earth and water danced together .
the inside of the flames were amazing - oranges and reds and even yellows and blues .
just as the words were leaving my mouth , a mighty roar came at us from up ahead , and the dim amber glow that had been lighting our way was overwhelmed by a bright orange and yellow light flooding every inch of the space .
that was the last thought i had before a huge set of monster dragon jaws clamped down over my arm and started breathing out orange , red , and white fire that engulfed my body completely .
the only sound she heard was his whispered words through her headset , and the only thing she could see was the brilliant reds and oranges lighting up the horizon .
i looked away , focusing on the orange glow of the morning light that was just starting to seep through the window .
beyond them , the pacific glows a warm purple tinged with orange from the swiftly setting sun .
soon we are in darkness , bathed only by the flickering orange of a single candle .
` ` and i look terrible in orange . ''
chapter twelve i went into the bathroom and instantly regretted / loved it when i found her putting on makeup standing up , wearing nothing but a neon orange thong and those damned white gladiator sandals of hers , her body moving slightly to the beat , even while applying her mascara .
the den was empty as well , the fireplace dark now except for a few embers glowing a dull orange .
the sun was a blinding orange ball framed by the stairway entrance , making it impossible to see anything but shadows and silhouettes .
the sun shone off to my left , bright orange and resting on the horizon .
the sun had sunk below the horizon , bathing the rolling waves in fading orange and purple and crimson , darkness lowering quickly .
we met in a little cafe where old men smoked in circles from long tubes around a thing like a metal , orange - glowing spider , which shane called a hookah .
our limo , which i suspected was worth more than my parents ' house , was zipping smoothly along a narrow , winding road lined with spreading trees , now changing to brilliant reds , oranges , yellows and browns as fall descended on upstate new york .
but yet i did , '' he said , stopping to bring their clasped hands to his mouth for a quick kiss as they passed a florist , the front of the shop teeming with flowers in bright orange and yellows - late summer shades .
the red , and gold and oranges , '' he said , as he spun her in a circle , holding only her right hand .
she bought a ticket , and crossed into another world , a kaleidoscope of colors with reds , yellows and oranges that blazed under the sun .
he picked up his pace , walking across a path edged by orange and red and gold bursts of petals , then reached the bridge .
my heart sank as her words sat there staring up at me in orange on the screen .
the sun is just setting over the rusty landscape , casting an orange glow across leo 's face .
he peered into the pot at the orange colored stuff and nodded .
the conversation got back on track when he dredged up one of his planned diversions : stories about his cat , a seriously grumpy orange tabby named blue .
he started running for the open front door , but he did n't make it before an orange streak of fur , claws , and fangs ran through it .
he was outside ; the early morning sun had just made its appearance over the horizon and the sky was bathed in rich oranges and pinks .
the flame from my lighter cast an orange glow over the otherwise darkened room as i lit my cigarette and exhaled the smoke in an exaggerated fashion .
violent midnight shifted to an outraged orange consumed by disgust until my vision was inflamed with a demonic red that burned white - hot with the intensity of rage .
close to dawn , i gather , from the soft orange glow that bathes part of the floor .
the wine is a strange translucent peach color and has a slight orange tang , going down smoothly .
the sun is just now going down here , bathing the sky in an orange glow , casting everything around us in shadows .
she searches through it for a moment , pulling out two orange pill bottles , and turns back to me .
early morning sunshine bathes the area around it in a soft orange glow , making the brand new locks lining the door shine brightly .
he also takes a small orange tag on a plastic band from the cleaner as well .
instead he holds my wrists together pulling my arms tight and places the plastic orange tag from the pool float around them , locking them in place .
the sauce was n't lemony as she 'd expected , but orange and mint .
twilight sent a pinkish orange glow across the denver skyline .
chapter twenty - five ronin woke her when the faint orange glow of dawn teased the edges of the curtains .
the dirt in oklahoma was an odd shade of pinkish orange and the horizon never changed from a washed - out , dirty gray .
keeping her hot gaze focused on his eyes , she shimmied her orange tank top over her head and flung it in his face .
the next one was of the man with the baby , except he was alone , exhaustion lining his face as he threw a hay bale from the bed of a beat - up truck , oblivious to the beautiful pearly orange glow of the sunset behind him .
the gloomy gray clouds cleared and the pink rays of the setting sun reflected on the tan grasses as a golden orange .
the sun was a salmon - colored speck , lightening the sky to a myriad of pinks and orange .
brandy applied a coat of shiny orange lipstick , and smacked her lips together in a self - kiss before smiling cagily at chassie in the mirror .
ginger made out the faint orange glow of the porch light .
rory asked , fingering an orange sequined tank top .
tell lettie to make a tall half 7up , half sour mix with a splash of orange juice . ''
not streaked with vibrant blue , neon green or shocking orange , but the shiny burgundy color of wine .
they were once again shown to the same table by the window , but this time the sun was setting , casting the beach beyond the window in a romantic orange light .
she watched , stunned , as an orange glow encompassed his arm .
the woman wore a strange orange headpiece with a light and a bifocal eye shield .
her eyes were the same color as her hair and her horns and wings an odd deep shade of orange .
a bright orange engulfed urian an instant before he flashed out of her kitchen .
her fangs were out and her eyes were red and tinged by orange .
he opened his eyes that were a yellow orange encircled by red .
small red horns poked through the tangles of her curls as she looked up at him with red eyes that were rimmed in orange .
she tilted her head down as she felt her eyes shift from those of a daimon to vibrant orange .
sam 's jaw went slack as she saw the demons , whose flesh was a bicolor swirl of reds , oranges , and blues .
blues , greens , reds , and oranges burned in the fire , entrancing her like a melody for the eyes .
the moment it struck the man , light bathed the small shaft with an orange glow .
kyatel 's eyes glowed a deep vibrant orange that obliterated their normal purple hue .
the same color orange as the official cherokee flag that bore seven stars - one for each clan of the cherokee nation , and the same number as the pleiades stars - along with the one solitary black star in the upper corner that signified those who 'd died tragically on the trail of tears ... the same darkness that they were to always guard against .
in spite of the name they bore because of their typical orange or red color , fire opals seldom showed the play of color other opals were known for .
it bathed the room in a dull orange light and caused the shadows to dance eerily along the cold stone walls .
before rhea could say no , beullah pulled out this strange contraption with a bright orange ball in the center .
thia was belted in across from darice , who had his bright orange earbuds in while he played a handheld game and blatantly ignored her .
kiara stared at the swirling orange and yellow mists .
they could be purple or blaze orange and she 'd still be beautiful .
now she lay restrained , dressed in a dingy orange uniform .
she remained at that boundary until daylight vanished over the ocean in a riot of purples and oranges .
her eyes are this crazy orange , as if her entire brain is on fire with the possibilities , and the light passes back through her irises like a telegraph to him : do this .
she takes another long drag , the tip burning orange in the dim light .
the fire lit the grass with a hellish orange glow , but it was black between the trees of the hillside - and then something emerged from the blackness , a shadowy figure , with familiar dark , tumbled hair .
the next moment the sky was lit with a hellish orange glow .
the trees lining the meadow had put on their brightest colors and circled the green in blazing gold , red , copper , and russet orange .
the leaves were exploding in gold and russet and orange and red .
she wore a brilliant orange satin sheath dress that set off her dark skin , and her hair was a wild halo of brown - gold curls around her face .
you could wear an orange tux . ''
the woman had thick long auburn hair , falling in waves to her waist , and her eyes , when she raised them , were a peculiar flat orange color , like a dying flame .
the house was lovely : the stones were the color of butter in the spring sunshine , covered in trellises of climbing roses in red and gold and orange .
she wore the white robes of an iron sister , bound under her br**sts , and her eyes were the flat orange of flames .
magdalena hissed , and she was almost on him now , her eyes leaping and flaring orange and red .
up close the fire was a wall of gold , moving and shifting , colors flickering in its heart : burning red , tongues of orange and green .
flames shot out of the center of the hotel , an orange glow that quickly crawled up the trembling structure .
` ` not a lot , '' i said as we coasted past a burned - out school bus that was more black than orange .
he took a step forward , his eyes starting to glow orange .
i never thought about them or that night when the entire world burned in bright oranges and red .
it had come alive , glowing with a swirling current of orange and crimson .
i suddenly understood what it felt like to be a gangly , awkward twelve - year - old with braces and frizzy orange hair , stumbling into a group of inhumanly beautiful adults .
some had swirls of burnt orange and red , others were a pale yellow , and others brown .
` ` because it 's the last of it in this world and we may have use for it in the future , '' i said , shaking my head at the garish vampiress , her bright orange painted lips glowing in the darkness .
he grunts as the orange i whip at him hits his stomach .
the sun struck her eyelids , as if some big branch or cloud had just freed it , and the light made the darkness brilliant orange , and she felt the warmth creeping all over her .
i do not look good in orange .
i suddenly realized that i did n't look the same to kevin now that i was wearing orange .
the flowers of it are a most attractive shade of orange .
rachel shook her head , looking at the phone as if it had turned fluorescent orange .
overhead , reds , oranges , and yellows burst from the trees like flame .
some guy with city event blazoned on his orange vest darted across the cordoned - off area , but most of the security simply stood to form a living barrier .
the lid popped off and coals scattered , flashing orange with the new breath of air .
an orange glow of heat poured through it , and trent tried to breathe shallowly as jenks sat on the top rung of the ladder and basked .
i shrank back into the stiff cushions , but barnabas had created his own blade , pulled from the power of his amulet , now glowing a violent orange .
` ` but not any longer than tomorrow , '' i added , and she bristled , if the orange sparks she was shooting out meant anything .
from the wall , jenks flew up in a burst of orange .
i bit into the chocolate , feeling the sudden give and the crunch of crystallized orange on my tongue .
at the car , ivy was busy cleaning the backseat with her special orange wipes .
` ` it 's nina , '' he said , his wings turning a particular shade of orange that meant he had mixed emotions .
he still had the tights and garden sword at his hip that he used to chase off birds , but his usual green gardening coat had been replaced by a flashy multicolored jacket with tails and a dark orange vest .
quen 's was a dull green that mutated to red , then an orange as i watched .
the little girl was in a sweet full - length jumper / indian - looking robe of some sort cut from a subdued orange - and - brown paisley , her brown hair braided and looped out of the way .
i knew what he meant , and like hearing a partial chord of a song and knowing what came next , i layered another complexity over the rings , seeing it soak in as the excess orange melted away .
reds , blues , greens , oranges , and even browns and gold , just like auras , they swirled together but never mixed .
` ` there is one thing , '' i said , and his dust shifted to an alarmed orange .
` ` we 're out of orange juice , '' she said as the door shut hard enough to make the cookie jar rattle .
this was where it usually all fell apart , and i carefully , slowly , shifted my aura twining about me and the rings to the slightest shade of orange .
` ` i said i 'd help you with that , '' i said , and jenks 's dust shifted to an annoyed orange .
jenks 's dust shifted to a concerned orange and he shrugged , feet drumming the rearview mirror .
` ` i ' m fine , '' i said , and jenks 's dust shifted to an unhappy orange .
his dust shifted to a dull orange as he looked at trent as if he could do something .
her clothes were a monochromatic orange from the dust , and guilt kept her head down .
jenks snorted , his dust shifting to an irate orange .
my mom called cheerfully , then gave takata 's orange pants and striped shirt a disparaging look .
` ` about five minutes , '' i lied , then shot a look at jenks to shut up when the pixy darted into the front , his dust a tattletale orange .
` ` i love reunions , '' he said , his dust shifting to a melancholy orange .
the sky was a bright blue , the sun throwing rays of gold and orange and twining them like ribbons .
a few minutes later , we eased onto a gravel drive and parked in front of a cheap orange boxcar , elongated for space .
and with the rising sun behind her , framing her with golds , oranges , and pinks , she was every man 's fantasy come to sizzling life .
birds soared overhead , the sun glowing bright orange and pink on the horizon .
torches flickered orange and gold , twining with shadows along the stone walls .
pinpricks of starlight dotted her gaze , but when the crackling orange and yel ow washed away , she focused on the gap she 'd created .
so when she spotted the big orange glow of the sun , she glared and flipped it the bird .
her eyes swam with orange and gold flames , and a mouthful of teeth peeked out from under her lips .
now , she sat in front of the living room fire , sewing , a soft orange glow enveloping her , the pile of clothing beside her .
the sgath bashed through the remains of the pallet and lunged toward her , only to stop short as it neared the searing heat that was now making the sandpile glow a fiery orange .
a harsh rattle gathered , stringing the air tight as the swirls thickened and took on form and substance , going from shadow to a deep , fiery orange that froze natalie to her marrow .
red , yellow , orange .
when he stands in the center , he looks from the dauntless bowl to the candor bowl - the orange flames that rise higher each moment , and the glass reflecting blue light .
the liquid in the syringe is tinted orange .
we follow him into a large room with high ceilings and wood floors and lights that glow orange - yellow .
by next month the storm season will be here , and in just the few weeks since i ' ve been away , the leaves have started to change , the ground is littered with spikes of orange and red and brown .
the sky is fire orange at the horizon , fading to a deep blue - lavender with dappled clouds .
nothing like the long , blood red , fluorescent orange , or sparkling purple nails of the last three women he 'd fucked in new orleans .
the blast sounded muffled through her ear protection , but the ground shook with the force of a monster earthquake , and a monumental fireball erupted into the dark sky , lighting everything around them in fiery oranges and reds .
fireballs mushroomed into the sky , illuminating the bridge , the choppers , and the night in brilliant orange flashes .
as i watched giddily , production set up a folding table and folding chairs off to one side and put the basket of donuts and orange juice bottles there .
he rolled his one sleeve up over his bicep , revealing a pair of seahorses , scribbled over in orange and pink .
the sun was maybe an hour from setting , and the clouds were tinged with orange already .
she marveled at his flawless golden brown skin glowing with the oranges and yellows of the flickering firelight .
the sun was already seated behind the thick tree line , and the sky was a deep - burnt orange , veined with shades of purple and gray .
there 's a pack of obscuros eating tourists - reds and oranges by the handful like f**king mandm 's ! ''
the area surrounding his estate was a tropical oasis of palm trees , lush green plants , and bright tropical flowers - oranges , yellows , and reds - that contrasted with the monochromatic starkness of the surrounding desert .
* * * near sedona , arizona two hours later , the sky swirled with brilliant shades of blazing oranges and reds as the plane touched down just after sunrise on the dusty airstrip at the uchben base .
and as the sun burst over the horizon , she recalled everything turning to brilliant shades of orange and pink .
i realized looking at my cream comforter and bright orange throw pillows that cole had not once in the two years we had been sleeping together been to my apartment .
` ` i mean , my favorite color 's burnt orange , but seriously - what does any of this have to do with the game ? ''
an orange tag was staked in the spot where i had dropped the gun .
oranges and reds and golds rose up and shot from the brink of the distant horizon , bright rays streaking through the sky to clash with the waning blue as all the light was sucked from the sky .
burning streaks of oranges flamed against the fading blue on the horizon , glimmered across the rippling bay as daylight slipped away .
the last dregs of light turned the grass orange where it lined the dirt road under a boy 's feet .
it touched my toes , my ankles , and flowed up over my denim jeans and tank top until , as i looked around me for the first time , saw the orange trees and foliage - covered floor of a forest .
i traipsed down the dark trail toward it , with my fluffy friend - slash - guard - dog beside me , feeling safer once i spotted the orange glow of firelight .
he smelled so normal , like a human ; no orange chocolate , just powdery fabric softener and a light hint of some spicy cologne , and it was the most darling scent in the world .
a bright orange orb glowed through the trunks up ahead at a distance , the dawn rising around the forest like a warm greeting .
my steps slowed slightly as i reached the end of the tunnel , seeing the orange glow of firelight flicker across the dirt floor , while a hammering sound echoed off the drop .
* * * a fire burned bright between the windows , making the brown spines of old books glow orange .
he flicked his cigarette bud over the edge and the little flickering orange glow burned its way out of sight .
nothing else in the world is that shade of orange .
if i looked out at night , i could see the tiny orange ember at the end of charlie 's cigarette getting brighter when he inhaled .
i look like a giant orange safety hazard , bundled up in all my protective gear .
i offer her an orange segment .
she exhales , tugging the sleeves of her orange cardigan over her hands .
he crossed the lawn toward them , resplendent in white pants and a bright - orange polo shirt - unbuttoned down his neck to reveal a swath of wiry chest hair peeping through .
leaning against the bottom step was a man , his tussled blond hair cut short , a little stubble on his chin and his skin an odd pale orange in colour .
the pale yellow light of dawn poured in , the darkness behind my closed eyelids becoming bright , blotchy orange .
the stars twinkled high above and occasionally , when we climbed to higher ground , i could make out the orange glow of london .
the trees narrowed and the oaks were replaced with great swathes of orange and red .
she looked into the distance , her eyes focused on a flickering orange dot on a far away hillside .
a colourful orange and yellow scarf was wrapped around her head , tied in a knot at the front , and her eyebrows were very fair , like they had been bleached .
she had gained weight around her legs , which disappeared behind a pale orange woollen dress that hugged the beginnings of curves .
the thames estuary glistened under the fading rays , becoming a glaring orange sheet .
the fall leaves had turned , making the road a blinding corridor of oranges , yellows , and reds .
the scrub pine was a bright , almost neon green , and the few trees in view boasted brilliant leaves of orange and yellow and red .
the pale blue sky was streaked with pinks and oranges and one splash of brilliant crimson .
the two large long - haired orange cats sat in the middle of the kitchen , eating cat food out of a bowl .
one of the massive orange cats hissed at him .
he 'd seen the painting before dinner , a fascinating vista of browns , oranges , and pinks that made up a surreal look at the hill country outside the door .
he caught a flash of orange out of the corner of his eye : barnum the bengal tiger speeding across the yard toward ty and the others .
` ` flip the blue ... jab the orange ... hold it- '' ` ` shut up ! ''
the lights are on in the house , making the windows glow a soft orange .
an unnatural shimmer glosses the air as jen pulls me through the stones , and we emerge through a tunnel where a bright orange fire with long baroque tongues extends to greet us .
i 'll be forced to wear orange and join some demonic sorority where everyone sports awkward epithets .
we pass dozens of rectangular dorms , each window glows a bright orange hue as though a slow building fire burned in each one - smoldering , alive with licking flames .
` ` thank you , '' i say , taking the stick and jabbing it into the fire until the marshmallows glow a marmalade orange .
it holds a waxy orange luster in this dull light .
as quick as the fire came , it diminishes to embers , leaving just enough of an orange glow to scar the landscape .
by the time i arrive , the sun has already dipped behind the hillside , melting over the landscape like an orange popsicle , and the light in the bridal boutique illuminates the strip mall with a peach glow .
her once - upon - a - boyfriend almost dragged her into an attempted murder plot way back when , and she 's been allergic to the color orange ever since .
i ' m pretty sure ruby wo n't be allowed to visit me in the big house , where i will be sporting an orange jumpsuit - two fashion blunders that are a punishment unto themselves .
the curtains glow orange , and a seam of light outlines the window .
* * * i pull up alongside skyla 's house and glance at the windows lit up with a warm orange glow .
a bright orange sign sits high in the sky like an artificial sun , reading hotel .
a cave glows in the one in the middle , a molten shade of orange from the tornado of fire that lives there .
a pillar of licking tongues disguised in a pleasant orange light migrates in this direction .
staring back from the pot is what can only be described as a giant steaming pile of bear crap with a halo of congealed orange wax .
` ` blood orange juice ? ''
it lights up the sky with a brilliant blaze of orange and gold , enough for me to make out the nuances of the landscape .
he pauses just shy of the final turn where a bright orange glow illuminates him from behind .
his salt and pepper hair reflects a strange orange hue from the inferno raging out of control .
of all the colors of the rainbow logan 's dad could have chosen for the mustang , he chose an unsettling orange that 's about as subtle as a traffic cone even in paragon 's heavily misted environment .
she slaps a bright orange sticker on them that reads , $ 20 .
i can imagine his shock when he finds his personal belongings spread out unwanted with bright orange stickers advertising the fact he 's been heavily discounted .
` ` blood orange juice .
chapter five gage blood orange sky .
she plops a giant orange pill in front of me and sets a cup of milk down .
the curtain is wide open , and the light from the parking lot casts a dull orange glow in the room .
in an orange jumpsuit , picking up trash on the side of the road while chloe drives back and forth with gage ?
it 's a dull faded orange and as old as like tad and my mom combined .
* * * the house glows an eerie orange .
paragon glows a luminescent orange , as a magnificent sunset tries to penetrate the puff of fog lying over us thick as wool .
she 's got long dark curls that extend past her hips , and her eyes glint out like twin orange sunsets .
his face presses against the burnt orange sky like a cutout silhouette of a romance novel .
her skin comes to life in hues of orange and gold just like it did a few hours ago under that bloody sky .
the window illuminates a bright orange as the door opens with caution .
he offers a toothy grin , his tan skin is just this side of orange , and suddenly i want to vomit on his pricy dolce and gabbana patent leather shoes .
three orange tabbies and a white persian .
i hand him the bouquet of flowers we picked up on the way over - a fall arrangement with miniature pumpkins and fat orange leaves woven throughout a dozen yellow roses .
i turned around to find a tall blonde in a neon orange shirt and white mini skirt parade into the office while adjusting the copious amount of jewelry on her arm .
i smooth my hands down my thighs , over the cotton fabric of my orange sundress , thankful that my clothes came back from the hazmat cleaner in time for this date .
he eats an orange skittles .
the common area has plenty of color ; oranges , yellows and reds .
the sun is setting on the water , turning the sky orange , red and purple .
added to that is the amazing orange , red and purple sunset happening over the deep blue ocean , and i ' ve never seen anything so beautiful in my life .
i look down at my orange v - neck sundress and brown cowboy boots .
she wore a straight , pencil skirt in the palest pink that was boldly patterned around the hem in vermillion and orange .
this was accompanied by a pair of tan , high - heeled pumps with a shock of patent - leather orange at the pointed toe .
the woman , wearing jeans , boots and a pretty , bright orange , woolly sweater with a fluffy scarf in orange and red and purple stripes wrapped around her neck , walked into the room .
the only time he seemed placated was when he declared he was starving and i 'd purchased an enormous soda for him along with a big bag of soft pretzel bites that included a tub of liquid cheese that was an alarming orange color .
the women all held flowers and as i approached zephyr jacanda handed me a beautiful , vibrant orange bloom that looked like a tiger lily except with twice as many petals .
and they were n't just the vibrant orange of the bloom i gave mahyah but also there were white , yellow and scarlet , as far as the eye could see , trailing along the edges of the creek .
she was wearing a very becoming dress the color of the inside of a blood orange .
he was wearing a pair of dark brown suit trousers , a dress shirt the colour of which was an attractive blend between dandelion yellow and burnt orange that had a subtle sheen , it was unbuttoned at his throat and the cuffs were turned back .
i got my usual , a cafe fantasia , hot chocolate at the bottom , espresso at the top separated by a slice of orange and topped with whipped cream that had teeny sugared - orange sprinkles .
where he opened it , one page was ful of fabric swatches stapled to it , the other one had only two , an orange and a brown .
she looked gorgeous in a deep peach , square - necked gown : an orange , latticework , shimmering necklace adorning her throat from cle**age to chin .
we 'd been there over an hour and had dinner ( i got the ticky turkey , a hot , shaved turkey sandwich with jalapeno cream cheese and some delicious orange gunk on a fresh hoagie roll ) .
several lemon - colored flowers and small orange trees were lined against the furthest wall .
the walls were a soft , warm orange , the bedspread plain white and immaculate .
but as the late afternoon sun begins to paint the tops of the pines gold and orange , we see an encampment in the distance - and flying overhead is the red and white russian flag .
my waterproofs turn out to be a neon orange parka and pants made out of plastic , so i look super hot .
the bonfire had been reduced to a dim orange glow , barely holding on to the oxygen it needed to keep from burning completely out .
all i could picture was bray , dressed in an orange suit .
just as i feel like my mind is going to come undone with the possibilities , bright orange moves against the stark white walls , and i look up to see bray coming toward me wearing her usual orange jumpsuit , white socks , and thick plastic sandals that squeak against the floor .
even the streetlights are decorated in orange and black .
it was a bit suspicious to have a blazing orange fire surrounded by a few people in the back of the school , where we did outdoor theater .
the sight of the sun 's oranges and yellows slowly rising over the ocean 's blues and greens ; the sound of seagulls cawing and the waves crashing against the shore ; the salty aftertaste of sea water mixed with tears ; the feel of the soft sand beneath my feet and the cool breeze blowing against my skin ; the scent of the ocean mixing with the fresh morning air ; i was aware of it all .
lanterns were scattered at intervals around it and an orange glow emanated up into the sky from behind the walls .
and one of his eyes was missing ; the eye that remained was a bright orange color and bulged in its socket .
eventually as the sky began to lighten , a warm orange glow appearing along the horizon , i returned to my room in the tunnels .
i shivered as i looked out at the empty waters , which were beginning to reflect a deep orange glow emanating from the skyline .
bright explosions of orange and pink and white swirl around the dancing guests .
yet even as he took in the pinks and oranges of the setting sun in the sky over the lake , a sunset even more beautiful than he 'd remembered from his childhood , all it did was make him think about brooke again ... and how she was also a thousand times more beautiful than he 'd ever thought she 'd become .
the rain had become sparkles of light pouring down from the ceiling of an auditorium over dancers dressed in the blues of the sky and the green of the grass and the reds and oranges and yellows of the flowers .
a soft rain began to fall and its delicate touch soon turned the bark on the passing oaks and maples black , making the yellows and oranges of autumn stand out like splashes of paint .
an orange mark by the name , last contact in caldwell , new york , twenty - four hours ago .
she looked over at him as he took a drag on his cigarette and the tip burned bright orange .
sitting in the flatbed , blay focused on the lit end of his cigarette , the little orange glow going back and forth like a guitar string .
blay motioned for john to kill the headlights , and a second later all he had to deal with was the subtle orange glow of the truck 's parking lights .
he inhaled on the cigar in his mouth , the fat orange circle on the end glowing more brightly .
the man took a pull on that cigar , the fat end glowing bright orange .
the thumb went right where she needed it , and the light at the base of the reader went from red to blinking orange .
hazel burst through the front door , nearly hidden behind her big orange coat and thick scarf .
i sat on the bright orange couch and rubbed my eyes .
it cracked into a web of a million pieces , glowing orange and refracting the light from the flaming helicopter into a dancing kaleidoscope .
six the smell of ozone and electricity tickled her nose , and a dull orange helolight did nothing to chase away the shadows in the room .
she placed a single orange pill on his well - lined palm .
the girl 's orange lips parted in shock , and she jumped to her feet to open the security door for the elevators .
there was a large white couch to the immediate right of me and it had bright orange throw pillows that seemed to accent the cream and orange rug on the floor .
the sky was a light orange , and i could see the gardens through the glass .
the yellows in their petals , the oranges of the florets , all so unique if you stop to study them carefully . ''
* * * the sky was a gorgeous hue of orange as we landed in romerius .
i refused daxton 's arm as we descended the stairs and stepped out onto the runway , and after my eyes adjusted to the bright sunlight , i saw red and orange trees in every direction .
ribbons of brilliant orange and flaming red streaked the sky .
then , louder , ` ` how about something in bright orange ?
max preferred orange soda or root beer .
painted bright orange , the doors were solid steel , except for round nickel - size cutouts and a slot for the meal tray .
with her hair dyed an awful orange color and teased up the way his grandma used to do hers , she wore a purple smock and bright red lipstick with matching nail polish .
she could see the flickering orange and gold through the glass , a wall of fire .
a teenage boy and girl lounged on the worn orange couches in the family room to her left , playing video games .
sebastian was standing at the door , wearing faded jeans and a burnt orange long - sleeved thermal shirt .
then she moved gingerly back , her feet crunching over the broken glass from the windows , which was thickest by the stove , to watch the smoldering orange flames catch and grow .
soon after that she came out dressed in a pair of linen shorts , matching sandals and a burnt - orange top with fabric flowers clustered around the neck .
the sunset resembled taffy melting on the mountain peaks in stunning layers of red , orange and gold .
and , beside the entrance , there was a giant plastic snowman that glowed electric orange .
and when she smiled - she discovered , looking at herself in the mirror that had also been a gift - it flushed to sunset orange , as bright as flame .
it 's not auburn or orange or copper or bronze .
standing on the circular platform , wearing an orange jumpsuit , was benjy .
the fire has been built up in my room to keep me warm , and i can see him clearly in the faint orange light from the flames .
the column grows thicker and is followed by a faint orange glow .
once they have , the first thing i see is a pale orange glow from the four charcoal braziers set around the room .
as i watch , the orange and gold flames lick at the pages , making them curl in on themselves and shrink like a dying creature .
` ` there 's water and orange juice in there . ''
the walls are all a lightly colored orange .
the sun has a yellow glow around it that fades into orange .
you drive an orange wrangler , right ? ''
` ` how did you know i drive an orange wrangler , and how did you know my dad loves fly - fishing ? ''
an older - model orange jeep wrangler and a bmw xs .
it was n't that it was beautiful - it was just a hotel ballroom , with round tableclothed tables and white balloons with our class year printed in orange and blue , our school colors .
the bot staggered back , then went boom in a shrapnel explosion of armor plating and cascading orange sparks .
filled with poise and grace , his movements flowed into one another as he hit dead center , and the sun dropped out of sight , scattering the skyline with sparks of vibrant orange and blackness .
it made me jump , and when i saw rome 's name at the top of the message box , my stomach lurched hard enough that i had to run to the bathroom before i hurled orange juice all over my fancy computer and desktop .
i sent him flowers to the tattoo shop , a pretty bouquet of roses in red , yellow , and orange that matched the fire tattooed all over him .
like orange and young .
when i pried my eyes open , the first thing they landed on was a shock of orange - and - red curls moving through the frantic and frenzied crowd .
i did n't want her to see me in convict orange , did n't want her to fold and try and tell the feds she was really the one who had put the bullet in novak .
there 's a splash of orange and red along with several black pieces of cloth .
the sun is rising , the sky painting the land an orange pink .
when the sun sets and the sky turns pastel oranges and pinks , it 's actually really beautiful .
she bites her thumbnail as she gazes out the window at the sliver of sunlight left , painting the sky bright orange and pink .
` ` nova 's here , '' is all i say , staring up at the gray sky as the sun begins to rise and kiss it with a hint of orange .
everything is splashed in oranges , blacks , and purples .
just a picture of the girl and information about her favorites : favorite colors ( orange and blue ) , favorite foods ( macaroni and cheese ) , favorite thing to do with bubble wrap ( pop it ) .
i know what happened to you , i know what he did , and you- '' ` ` he told me not to , '' madison said , her voice empty and dull in a way that made me wonder what had happened to the girl who liked the color orange and popping bubble wrap and macaroni and cheese .
the sun was setting and the sky was different hues of red and orange .
whatever the powder was , it made the fire blaze brighter and burn hotter , the orange flames taking on a faint silver tinge .
i do n't know how much time had passed , but it must have been close to dawn , because the streaks of silver and lavender in the sky were slowly giving way to a pale orange sunrise .
although the chefs had still managed to add their own froufrou twist to the waffles by decorating the tops of them with mounds of whipped cream swirled into the shape of fancy flowers and curlicued leaves , all dusted with bits of orange , lemon , and lime zest .
the fall leaves blanketed the ground in a hue of reds , browns , and oranges .
he 'd followed the instructions perfectly , but instead of a sun - kissed glow , he got carrot orange .
he tried not to rub his face and make the orange more noticeable .
the orange must be off .
not a smidge of orange , and your skin is practically glowing with health .
they were done up with elaborate designs - huge pink flowers , orange - and - red flames spewing across doors , funky colorful skeletons dancing on the sides of buildings .
you ca n't sell orange juice at a lemonade stand - it needs to be an orange juice stand . ''
the raccoon danced up and down on the hood , chittering in outrage , bright eyes glowing with orange like two bloody moons .
it streaked the clouds gathering out on the horizon with ominous shades of orange and gold .
a translucent new shape overlaid adam 's body , shining here and there with deep , fiery orange .
it had an orange kitten on it .
to the left , a large stainless steel fridge with clear glass doors showed off rows of water , orange juice , and gatorade on one side , and deli meat , yogurt , salads , and plastic bowls filled with cut vegetables and fruit on the other .
the endless vistas of orange and red dust were as barren and forbidding as ever , but the sight of them no longer made his stomach tighten or caused his mind to beat at him in angry frustration .
the pinks were now melded with oranges and reds , and the sky was almost blue .
just sitting there , the dome light washing the car a weak orange , and he was staring .
here and there , fields of pumpkins shone an iridescent , impossible orange under that clear , bright , october sun .
the fact that i do n't have a boyfriend , and - gasp ! -my younger sister is getting married before me ... well , let 's just say it 's code orange for my parents .
sabrina brushed aside her uneasiness and admired the autumn trees turning beautiful shades of red and orange .
fire flared up like an orange mushroom .
the continuous wall of buildings here was particularly ramshackle , the awning pale and weather - bleached from a once deep rust to a pale , sad orange .
the island town burned , the orange glow of its fire reflecting in the waters of the harbor .
as the sky darkened , the huge arch of it brushed with stars , deni saw a tiny orange light far to her left .
the cloak shimmered , turning an unhealthy shade of orange , straining to duplicate mura 's magic - altered skin .
the building rose two stories high , with white arches sheltering a long front porch under a bright orange roof .
her hood was down , and the exposed skin of her face was a bright , unnatural orange .
her gown was dyed in a distinctive sunset pattern , popular in the weird last year : almost plum red at the off - the - shoulder sleeves and pleated , turned - down collar that left most of her cleavage exposed , the fabric flared into red as it clasped her breasts , brightened to near orange at the waist , then spilled in a glorious cascade of pleated blush , a shade too provocative to be called pink .
spike lined up his cue , aiming the cue ball at another ball that would smack itself into orange stripe , to give orange stripe enough spin to glide the other way up the table .
her gown today was a brown broadcloth she 'd covered with a jacket of burnt orange , autumn colors that went with her pale skin and red hair .
they were mongrels , living in a place of diluted magic , and most flashed red and dark orange .
some were whitewashed , some built of pink and yellow stone , most roofed with reddish orange shingles .
lindsay favored clingy dresses of sunny colors , tonight 's white with big orange and yellow flowers .
she could see her own reflection in the mirror behind him : pale brown hair of interminable shade , pul ed back from her face into a braid , generously streaked with premature gray and tinted with slight orange .
` ` why is it stained with orange ? ''
this looked entirely natural , sunlight picking up highlights of red orange and blue black .
the light burnished the orange in his black hair , and his yellow eyes glittered .
she rested her hands on his chest now , the hard flatness of it dusted with dark hair streaked with gold and orange , his ni**les as tight as hers .
the black locks were smoother than the orange , she observed distractedly .
he was awake , lying on his back with his hands behind his head , sunlight dancing on the orange and black in his hair .
he remembered the glimpse he 'd had of his son - a tiny mite wrapped in a blanket , with a thin down of black hair on his head , touched with the faintest brush of orange .
the delicate pink of adelaide fontane , the white frilly aspen , the gaudy riot of orange that was bodacious and her favorite , the arabian night , its sharpened petals a deep intense red of a burgundy wine .
hart stopped by the fountain , the end of his cigar glowing orange as he took in smoke .
darkened red for her lips , which would be the only color on her face , rippling red orange for the curls under her hat .
juliana pushed her fork through the red orange savory sauce and tried to decide how to broach the subject .
the fire had burned with an intense , unnatural orange and raged for almost a week despite heavy rains and many attempts to put it out .
wards spilled from the top of the door frame and windows in shimmering curtains of translucent orange .
on the ground below , huge orange symbols stretched across the luminescent lawn , a pale yellow glow coating every single blade of grass in a sheath of magic .
he swung himself back up on it and walked slowly , arms out , suspended between the glowing orange lawn and the black sky .
the tentacles on its head sparked with deep orange .
the creature 's mane turned bright orange .
tendrils of faint orange vapor curled from the beast , streaming from its mane and back .
the collar on his neck had gone from orange to canary yellow .
two matched the purple delight outside , one was grinch green , and the last one blazed with orange .
two vampires dashed past the raging draugr , one purple , one orange .
the gown was of the latest mode , a burnt orange color trimmed with brown , with a puffed bustle and long sleeves that tapered into ruffled cuffs .
she scanned the rows of canned foods until she found the beans , then the packages of hot dogs and graham crackers , orange soda and dog biscuits , handing them over one by one until all of it was balanced in peter 's scrawny arms .
the fire was spitting now , an orange glow pushing back the corners of darkness , and her cheeks burned from the heat .
the key chain that dangled from his hand had a squishy orange float attached , in case it went overboard .
when they were close enough , a man in dark sunglasses and a bright orange windbreaker raised a megaphone .
the sky to the east was splashed with orange , and below it , central park was stretched out , a vast and manicured swath of wilderness interrupted only by the occasional pond , like dabs of blue - gray paint on a palette .
the sun was already halfway gone , the light a soft winter orange .
for a long time it sat tangled in the leafless branches of a tree , throbbing a brilliant orange , and he stared at it through the smudged window of the coffee shop .
pushing away from the window , i straightened my spine and grabbed my pills off the table , staring down at the small orange bottle .
chapter 20 an orange glow preceded his appearance , showing the stone monolith in the center was n't empty like the last time i 'd been in the dungeon .
through vision that was starting to blacken , i caught a gleam of orange .
fire erupted from his hands , climbing up his arms to his shoulders before haloing his whole body with an orange glow .
right as i began to take that first step , the tunnel lit up with an orange glow that was both ominous and the most welcome sight i 'd ever seen .
then he lifted me into his arms and began to walk through that blistering wall of orange and red .
flames still shot from the hotel window , illuminating vlad in an orange glow .
therefore , when i heard it open , i did n't turn my head , but stayed on the couch and continued to stare into the crackling orange flames .
then with a snap , the fireplace blazed to life , painting the room in brighter shades of orange and cream .
her eyes widened as she walked inside , looking around at the floor - to - ceiling windows , the plush red living room with its circle of couches , the dining room with its extravagant orange bar , and the two large bedrooms .
the late afternoon sun filtered through the curtains and bathed them both in its orange glow .
a shop window reflecting my hair , a blur of orange in the midst of the city .
he could see the gleaming point shifting from orange to red in the light of the lava lamp , and beyond that , holly 's shadowed face looking gravely down on him .
a large orange sun peeked over them .
inside the police station , the cops did n't seem interested in fingerprinting us or taking our mug shots or dressing us in orange .
now the beach was tinted pink , the clouds and ocean glowed neon pink , and a huge orange sun sank in the violet sky .
john linder 's had been a dingy orange .
` ` root beer , 7 - up , orange soda , coke . ''
in brilliant shades of blue and red , orange and gold , it depicted the savior of the world sitting on a rock , a tranquil expression on his face as he stroked the head of a tiny black lamb .
` ` there 's coffee , orange juice , and donuts in the kitchen . ''
i could n't believe my eyes when mel came to the door with noah dressed in a puffy orange costume .
` ` the big kwencher from grabbit kwik '' was written in neon orange on the side of the green cup .
in the improved lighting of the bar , i could see that claudine 's strategically rounded body was packed into an orange knit dress , and her long legs ended in the highest of high heels .
for a smart and practical and hardworking man , he had a great big blind spot , and here it was , in tight cruel girl jeans and a thin orange sweater that hugged every inch of skin .
his red - gold hair was covered with a bright orange knit cap , and he wore bright orange gloves , too .
against the deep colors in the sheets and the deep orange of the bedspread , calvin looked pale .
some people like to put living room things in boxes with an orange dot , bedroom things in boxes with a green dot , and so on . ''
his fur was a deep orange slashed with black stripes , and there were touches of white on his belly and face .
maybe five feet tall , bony thin , diantha had chosen orange calf - length leggings , blue crocs , a white ruffled skirt , and a tie - dyed tank top .
she wore a draped dress of orange and brown and the highest heels i had ever seen .
` ` kind of , yeah '' pulling me up to the tank next to him , he dips his hand into the water and starts touching the orange and purple starfish .
i want you to look carefully for anything bright orange . ''
why is a little na**d bush making me go all clockwork orange bowler - hat psycho ?
i take a seat , watching as a man wearing an orange jumpsuit enters .
jared watched her reach out and delicately touch the petals of a dark - orange flower .
but as his gaze swung to the north , the green gave way to golds , oranges , and reds .
chapter 1 i pulled my orange scarf a little more snugly around my neck and knotted it again so it tucked right under my chin .
honestly , the way the firelight caught his hair , throwing flashes of burnt orange and whiskey honey around the room , it was just ... not fair .
i was going to send him a text later asking if he wants to help me paint all the trim day - glo orange . ''
the woods around our home were a riot of oranges and golds , fiery reds and deep yellows .
she examined the open shelves over the stove that i 'd cleared off , and then filled with an old set of heavy orange pots and double boilers i 'd found in the basement .
embers gleamed brightly underneath the blaze , ruby red and cheery orange .
jillian looked at it quizzically , no doubt wondering why a retro orange and pea - green afghan was the focal point in a room such as this .
i was particularly fond of deep oranges and pinks , peaches and warm golds .
mac : until then , i 'll have to rename my shower head daniel and have fun with him ; ) two hours and one cold shower later , where i became well acquainted with my detachable shower head , i ' m decked out in my bears hoodie with a big orange c in the front , with dark blue skinny jeans and tangerine chucks , and finished off with my awesome chicago bears purse i bought last year .
` ` morning , gorgeous '' he has the biggest smirk on his face , his gaze travels down to my orange clad feet and back up to the large c straight over my bust and his smile gets impossibly bigger .
the stairwell was lit from within , and it cast an orange glow into the hallway .
she 'd paired her blue - and - gold plaid with red wool clogs , a lime green cardigan , and thin orange - and - purple head - bands to hold back her hair .
he wore jeans and a smoky orange t - shirt beneath a thin jacket .
i looked out over the city again and spied the familiar orange moon of a coffee - house down the street .
there was a lot of orange .
a lot of orange .
mine , being bright orange , was n't exactly suitable for recon work , so we settled into catcher 's sedan , boys in the front , girls in the back , the katanas across my and mallory 's laps .
her vehicle , a black sedan , was apparently less noticeable than my orange volvo , which luc immediately vetoed as a surveillance car .
` ` sullivan may have a heart of coal , but i bet he looks really good in orange .
` ` hot beef in the name of peace , '' i murmured , then hustled across the street to my ride , a boxy orange volvo .
he 'd traded it al in for the chance to control the city 's vampires , and he 'd wound up in an orange jumpsuit that was n't nearly as flattering as his armani had been .
i walked to the door , then turned back and looked at him , the playboy in convict orange .
in his orange jumpsuit , he was seated at the aluminum table again .
the eastern sky was beginning to turn a searing shade of orange .
not with the orange and gold flames of a basic , secular fire , but with flames of translucent blue that reached toward the sky with pointy , clawlike curls .
however they loowee orange oked , their effect was the same as regular fire : the trees on the edge of the midway had begun to crackle and spark from the heat .
i was still driving the boxy orange volvo i 'd had for years .
we fought back sleep with the press of skin and the rhythm of our bodies , and as the sun breached the horizon with a crown of orange and gold , we pushed each other under , and slept together until the sun fell again .
chapter twenty - one orange is the new black at dusk the next evening , lakshmi arrived to discuss the gp and its variety of issues , looking gorgeous in a sleek black dress with an asymmetrical neckline and stiletto heels .
i was also dressed in running attire - a cadogan house track shirt , midcalf running tights , and shoes in eye - searing neon orange that made me smile when i looked at them .
she struck the match against the side of the box , and the flame bounced orange and blue at the tip .
the sun was sinking and appeared as a great orange ball floating across the edge of the water .
when he straightened , he clicked the nearby remote and the television turned off , leaving flickering orange flames the only light in the room .
she was like a damn robot on the other end of the line , asking me to take some stupid survey about orange juice or vitamins .
he shook his head , the fire casting an orange glow over his features .
i drew my knees into my chest and rested the side of my head against the seat , looking at him through the orange glow of the bonfire .
everything in our little circle was bathed in a yellow and orange glow , the shadows reaching into the complete darkness beyond - like nothing else existed at all .
it was no longer dark in here , the flames lighting up my home like the fourth of july , casting an orange glow over everything .
it was a good color full of orange ( which was uplifting and inspiring ) and turquoise ( energizing and dynamic ) .
cole 's aura was flaring with vibrant reds and oranges , colors that were not his usual greens and blues .
it burned with awe - inspiring intensity , rolling in colors of red and gold mixed with orange .
it spread its wings to reveal more jewel - tone hues of orange and green .
there was a bright yellow and a crisp orange that weaved with emerald and blue .
to my relief his eyes did n't have any of that orange color , but they were still a little off - familiar but not .
they were the same colors that filled the space around her every time we saw each other anymore : red , brown and some orange .
his eyes glinted , the color of burnt orange .
colors in purple , turquoise and orange floated around her - but mixed with those vibrant colors was an ugly one - a mustard shade with tinges of brown .
this one had an orange ring around him , and he decided he was going to use a weapon instead of his fists .
behind me was a massive leather couch with pillows in golds and oranges , a huge wooden coffee table with a bowl full of white stones in the center , and two end tables with lamps .
so are they white , blue , orange , what ? ''
the sun had already set behind the white tanks but the sky was a lavender and rich orange color .
antony 's cream - colored wings were streaked through with reds and oranges , blues and greens , as though lit on fire .
she awoke on her back in an unfamiliar bed staring up at a tall vaulted ceiling painted a beautiful burnt orange and overlaid with dark stripped branches .
there were other images like streams and maybe a river , of a trail through a fall forest , almost brilliant orange , and burning or maybe it was just the colors of fire .
the devil help him , she was putting pink and orange stripped curtains on his windows .
i refused to be embarrassed considering she was dressed in an outfit no self - respecting stripper would even wear , her ass spilling out of denim shorts , an orange - and - blue striped bra barely covering her br**sts , and a fuzzy orange ernie face strapped to her head .
i refused to be embarrassed considering she was dressed in an outfit no self - respecting stripper would even wear , her ass spilling out of denim shorts , an orange - and - blue striped bra barely covering her br**sts , and a fuzzy orange ernie face strapped to her head .
the walls were blank , the sheets generic , the quilts old crocheted afghans in a god - awful orange and black color combo .
there was an orange throw at the bottom with dangling pom poms that i had learned served as serious entertainment for the cat at three in the morning .
helen - marie held herself with an easy confidence i envied a little , her hair in intricate braids , her orange and gold jewelry a bright pop of color against her dark skin .
the carton was bright yellow , the bikini a violent orange , and while the label was in english , the small script was in spanish .
knee in a plate of crackers , he slapped a big heaping handful of the sticky orange goo over her right breast and bent down for a taste .
she was wearing gold stiletto heels and an orange string bikini that could double as dental floss .
her orange tank top clung to her br**sts and gabriel remembered the way she had felt , pressed against him , every curve of her body clinging to his .
it was a really bright melon orange .
only a dark orange glow remains of the earlier sun , the rest of the sky an inky black , and i 'd bet it 's close to ten .
obviously redesigning george pig in shades of orange and purple is more important .
he puffs on his cigar , the end of it glowing bright orange .
she blinked to adjust her eyes to the shadowy suite , the first rays of morning sun casting a minute orange glow through her balcony window .
she tucked her hands into the sleeves of her silly orange coat .
a small , open - top humvee appeared in the distance , late afternoon sun a fat orange ball on the horizon .
the baby 's mother pulled out a box , untied the fat orange ribbon and pulled out ... ` ` a tiny rodeo buckle !
* * * the sun sank on the horizon like a melting orange dreamsicle .
a minuscule orange hourglass on the arachnid 's body - a poisonous brown widow spider .
she sat on the top step beside him , while the sun sank in a swirl of orange and yellows .
her low laugh spiraled out into the horizon glowing orange and purple with a cresting sun .
he swiped an orange juice can off the counter and crumpled it in his fist before flinging it into a recycling bin with a resounding rattle .
the morning sun crept over the horizon in a shimmering orange ball , warming an already muggy day .
digging deeper , she shoved through charts , an orange , the gun she 'd been issued prior to the first flight to taiwan because of looting riots after the earthquake .
her matching panties and ribbed tank top , some kind of pale - orange color with flowers patterned over every enticing inch , were n't the garb he found on most sharpshooters .
a flash of orange blinked in the distance - john 's favorite sweatshirt .
a full - blown tequila sunrise of reds and oranges blazed across the desert , but no sign of kathleen .
his salt - and - pepper hair , cropped army - regulation short out of habit , looked too right with his orange jumpsuit .
torches lined the sandy shore and the orange glow of flames stood out in stark contrast to the inky night sky .
sharon burst into the room , a yellow , gold and orange bouquet of wildflowers in her hands .
her recent drawings pulled up her favorite colors , black and purple , with accents of orange .
the streetlights cast everything in an orange glow .
it was a picture - perfect autumn afternoon , the sky thick and slate over trees awash in red and gold and orange , a brisk , bracing wind rippling the leaves like the pages of a book .
the eastern sky was stained with orange and gold by the time lila directed noah to an older section of cleveland and a neighborhood of tidy homes built between the two world wars .
but the way the late - afternoon sun was streaming through the window just then , her hair was aflame with red and orange and gold .
when she 'd left his house yesterday , the sun had just been staining the eastern sky with the pinks and oranges of early dawn .
` ` i thought peach for my writing room , but then it turned the most ghastly shade of orange on the wall .
moulder was dressed in a rather ornate orange banyan and tasseled cap and held a single candlestick in his hand .
four weeks later ... godric watched as a small bird with a bright orange breast hopped along a branch and disappeared into a hole in the apple tree .
only a single orange feather floated gracefully on the wind ... . -from clever john ` ` we took out four o ' the vicar 's stills in whitechapel , '' harry said to mick late that afternoon .
her skirts were a flaming orange over primrose petticoats .
the popping and cracking continued overhead , and suddenly the path ahead of him was lit in bright orange .
behind him , flames shot up to the sky , framing his black face with orange .
true , the curtains were a bit lopsided and did n't altogether close in the middle , but they were a lovely shade of peachy orange that always made her feel like sitting down to tea .
now were revealed his orange glowing eyes , lank green hair , and yellow fangs .
jasper clasped her gloved hand and bent over it , inhaling the spicy orange scent of neroli water as he thought for something to say .
the furnishings were not as new as the ones in her formal sitting room , but they were done in lush reds and oranges in lovely damasks and velvets .
the colors were gentler than those she usually employed , and although they became her , he preferred the flame reds and bold oranges .
the viscount stepped back and threw himself into one of her setting - sun orange chairs .
she made no move to stretch out on the tattered orange bedspread .
stacie entered the bedroom and threw herself on the ugly orange bedspread , curling up on her side as the tears streamed down her cheeks .
from the corner of his eye , trevor glimpsed flashes of red and orange .
we have the orange or the blue line . ''
not just pinks and oranges and yellows but also the most beautiful greens , blues and magnificent purples .
the ceiling was ablaze in a yellowish orange glow that reminded me of the sun and as i turned in the other direction i spotted the receding night .
by the time we made it to the end of the hall they were all a deep orange and becoming steadily redder .
it was taking on an ominous orange and glowing hue that caused bile to roll up my throat .
i turned to the right , the building blocked some of my view but the sky behind the building was a vivid red orange hue .
once everyone was back at the objective rally point , they moved out in single file , hurrying as fast as the jungle permitted , staying in cover , absolutely silent while the compound behind them roared with orange and red flames , lighting the night , heading for their pickup zone and their ride home .
instantly the aircraft lifted into the air , exploded into several large pieces , and settled back down in a fiery orange and black cauldron of flames .
just as he slipped inside , pulling the crate over him , the doctor 's house blew , exploding outward , sending debris raining down and red orange flames billowing with black smoke high into the air .
she emerged from the trees to stare in horror at the black smoke and orange and red flames leaping into the air .
flames raced up the wall , circled the doorjamb , bright crackling orange and red , spreading like a storm .
the sky had turned from blue to an incredible collage of pinks , reds , and oranges .
even the flickering orange and red of the flames did n't reach him .
flames rushed up and over him , huge leaping streaks of orange and red , as high as a bonfire , flames she could n't possibly control .
white - hot streaks of orange and red fell in a shower and danced over the street , some flames leaping as high as six feet .
between traian 's palms , light glowed , a bright orange - red , emitting heat .
cracks in the hardened black rock revealed glowing orange lava bubbling restlessly in pools below that lit the chamber with a dim orange light .
a small section of the floor on the far side of the chamber had cracked , and molten rock from the adjacent magma chamber was spilling into the room , thick and glowing orange .
he knew the river of lava flowing beneath the earth , a long ribbon of bright orange and red magma and the long tubes that formed the underground subway .
the second pool gave off a cloud of steam and was slightly tinged red orange .
her eyes had gone from deep emerald to green with red - orange flames roaring in the very center .
her skin grew hot , as did his , and around them the mist glowed that strange red orange .
the droplets of moisture in the air glowed red orange , turning the small chamber into a furnace .
the blade of his knife began to glow , first a soft yellow orange and then a darker red .
through the blue of the fire gleamed first gold and then red , followed by orange .
the sun was nearly gone , only a few remaining strands of orange and pink with a scattering of clouds .
beautiful hues of orange and red streaked the sky with the setting sun , the sliding screen door ground along the track bringing her presence to his attention .
she looked out the window again , stared up at the big orange balloon .
the faint glow of blue stretched out on the horizon and grew steadily until orange and red rays filtered through the distant clouds .
he asked the gray haired man with the bright orange vest who 'd answered all his questions .
soon the logs caught and the orange glow of the fire warmed their small space .
the burnt orange and gold of the sun was low on the horizon .
the fire had burned down to an orange glow .
now , if i want it to move faster , or in a different direction , the colors change blending orange with the red and white with the blue .
the oranges and reds and golds are shining over the horizon and onto our skin and everything is romantic and dreamy .
drop dead is painted directly beneath it in glowing orange .
but as i come back to myself , as my thoughts form logically together again , as the sun hangs heavy in the sky , with the oranges and reds on the water , something comes to me .
we watch the flames for a while , the oranges and blues and reds , before we walk away , down the beach to the only house that ever truly felt like home to me .
from the corner of my eye , i could see the trees on fire again and the oranges and yellows of the flames swirled into the colors our auras .
intermittent sconces sent small half spheres of light glowing yellow - orange against the oiled , dark wood .
bonfires blazed in red - orange pockets as spectators waited , reserving their places for the morning 's executions .
his only friend from those years living hand to mouth , dirty and cold , had been a large , fat orange tabby with yellow eyes .
his eyes burned with an orange glow .
fire shot toward the sky in big , wild streaks of orange and gold .
rising and rising , the orange and gold flames were shooting toward the sky .
and the faint orange light from the approaching dawn streaked overhead .
his eyes were on the studio - on the horrifying orange and gold flames filling that studio .
not wearing prison orange , but instead dressed in a black suit .
his shoes amp my headache up another couple notches with their horrible orange fluorescence .
my vision goes a little gray , but when it comes back , all i can see is a horrible bright orange color .
the car is painted an ugly orange .
who 'd paint a car orange ?
` ` besides a punch in the teeth and a bright orange jumpsuit . ''
and redheads should not wear orange .
i laugh bitterly to myself when i realize how well my new orange scarf will go with my orange prison jumpsuit .
i laugh bitterly to myself when i realize how well my new orange scarf will go with my orange prison jumpsuit .
red and gold and orange .
a white - hot mountain of flames burned right through the roof of the old three - story antebellum house on francis street and shot toward the sky , its greedy claws a bright orange in the darkness .
the fire he saw , the twisting orange and gold flames - it was in jana 's mind .
flames flickered behind her , bright orange and red flames .
the fire crawled up the walls , bright , hungry orange flames that crackled and seemed to laugh as they destroyed everything in their path .
ash dropped from the cigarette , burning bright orange .
in my back pocket is a folded plastic baggie with a little orange pill inside , a pill that can unlock everything .
` ` we should talk about the orange pill . ''
his dark hair is now a brassy shade of orange , as if he 'd dyed it blond not too long ago .
as the handlers are focused on me , james slips his hand into his pocket , rifling around until he brings the pill out , a flash of orange between his fingers .
` ` oh , '' lacey says , biting into the orange frosting .
i look to the sky where the sun has set , leaving the clouds streaked in the same shade of orange as the pill .
her hair is a bright orange , and she seems unsteady .
her face tightens in the orange glow of the fire .
the walls of the house are painted bright oranges and yellows , tapestries hanging with native american prints .
` ` whatever you say , agent orange . ''
` ` coffee , tea , or orange juice ? ''
the reds , oranges , and golds of the heatless flames were gorgeous .
i half choked and half laughed at the visions his words created and could n't help but stop crying at the idea of him in an orange jumpsuit tapping away on a huge computer from the eighties with a glowing green screen .
chase had blue flags , jared yellow , finn red , spike black , and becky orange .
a miniature orange tree grew right outside , surrounded by a mulched ring and then flowers around that .
the others also had their own special colors , ranging from orange to blue .
all the shades are drawn over the windows , so the only light comes from the bulb dangling over the table , its filament glowing orange .
` ` we 'll have two portions of the original buttermilk pancakes with maple syrup and bacon on the side , two glasses of orange juice , one black coffee with skim milk , and one english breakfast tea , if you have it , '' says christian , not taking his eyes off me .
the dusk is to our right , the sun low on the horizon - large , blazing fiery orange - and i am icarus again , flying far too close .
suddenly , a stirring classical soundtrack booms over the dock and two rockets soar into the air , exploding with a deafening bang over the bay , lighting it all in a dazzling canopy of sparkling orange and white that 's reflected in a glittering shower over the still calm water of the bay .
leaning across , i hit the orange stripe into a better position .
i make quick work of the green stripe and by some fluke , manage to knock in the final orange stripe .
in the distance lies bainbridge island , and further still on this crystal clear evening , the setting sun sinks slowly , glowing blood and flame orange , beyond olympic national park .
they dance and weave bright blazing orange with tips of cobalt blue in the fireplace in christian 's apartment .
after my dance with christian 's ever - charming grandfather , i stand by the french doors , watching the sun sink slowly over seattle , casting bright orange and aquamarine shadows across the bay .
i jolted at a sound behind me and i glanced over my shoulder to find mrs . flanagan standing in her doorway wearing a diaphanous orange caftan .
we stop in front of one with an overflowing orange bougainvillea bush and a big white van in the driveway .
sawyer placed a file on my desk and opened it , pointing to a paragraph highlighted in bright orange .
although there were glasses of wine and champagne , there were also glasses of orange juice and water .
a mix of spanish and african heritage , val had an absolutely beautiful skin tone , a rich and flawless shade of brown , and she looked awesome in bright oranges and blues and pinks and every freaking color of the rainbow .
cornelia 's only visible sign of surprise was an arching of one orange eyebrow .
looking at the sonora desert that surrounded the city , bathed in the oranges and reds of sunset , i felt a surge of joy spread through me .
` ` we have a code orange , '' she yelled to them .
like a hint of orange .
to the east , the sky was a burning orange , and the rest of it carried a light purple hue .
enzo quells the flames at the same time as he dashes toward spider , as if materializing from behind a veil of orange and gold .
lanterns hang along all the bridges , their glow bouncing off the water 's surface in waves of orange and gold .
by the time we arrive , the city is full of the sound of screams , and the faint dawn is broken by bursts of orange .
a peacoat in a dark , burnt shade of orange ; a trench coat in a deep navy blue .
i returned from one of these expeditions on the afternoon of the third day , with several large lily - roots , some shelf fungus of a vivid orange , and an unusual moss , together with a live tarantula - carefully trapped in one of the sailor 's stocking caps and held at arm 's length - large and hairy enough to send lawrence into paroxysms of delight .
he offered me an orange segment and i took it , token of a peace offering .
he pointed to the left , toward the flank of the mountain , where a small orange dot glowed , no more at this distance than a pinprick of light .
the sun was finally visible , a pale orange circle burning through the haze .
it was near evening ; the sun sank invisibly , staining the fog with a dull and sullen orange .
the sun was low and the clouds glowed a dull orange that washed loch and hills and bridge in a sullen flush , but it was still possible to make out the darker flush that spread across his broad cheekbones .
the wheel lay in pieces in the grass , and a gaudy orange - and - black butterfly perched on the disjunct hub , lazily fanning its wings .
9 jonah stella plants the fall mums i bought for lydia 's grave around the edge of the flat stone , creating a colored pattern of purples , oranges , and golds .
behind me to the east , the black - blue of night races me to the end , threatening to cover the way the oranges and pinks and reds of the sunset bleed together .
the night sky is fading into orange and reds .
my toe nudges a spot of dried ketchup on the orange tiled floor .
underneath is a large orange and red sweater that hangs off her .
ooh baby , i want your love , '' richelle sings , standing on the orange and plaid couch that we just carried up from the basement .
because i look terrible in orange and i ' m allergic to metal bars . ''
not only was the smudge not gone , it seemed to have gotten bigger and was turning a reddish orange color .
the golden sphere shimmered with shades of orange and blue .
they were a bright glowing orange , like red - hot pokers , and they shook with his effort to restrain himself .
it spread upward in a v - shape , widening as it went , licking its way toward my head in shades of pale orange , red and blue .
slowly , the sky turned from pale blue to a soft orange as the sun burned its way onto the horizon , chasing away the darkness and the moon .
` ` who uses orange juice ? ''
magenta , crimson , scarlet , orange ...
it was a mix of orange and brown bedding with a dark , heavy wood bed frame , and matching furniture .
he stared out of the window at the roofs of the high street and the distant orange brick of the leisure centre and he knew he did n't want to be an armour - clad droid shooting aliens out of the sky any more .
it had begun to rain shortly after she reached new cavendish street , the sky turning first a muddy orange , then black .
as the blue light became streaked with orange , it was just possible to distinguish a faint shadow in the far right - hand corner where the prisoner had fallen .
with the orange .
' the signature dish is duck in orange sauce , ' i told the two men .
holding her hands as the sun melts into the ocean , her face dappled with shades of orange and pink and red .
clouds gather , gray and blue backlit with orange , a dazzling sunset the likes of which i ' ve never seen .
cocking my head , i surmised the deep reds , oranges , and purples of the silk flower arrangement that i had just placed in the bronze vase on her marker .
when i reached jake 's side , the sun had started its descent into the west , sending an array of reds and oranges across the deep , blue sky .
` ` does she drink orange juice ? ''
he was still sitting in his old clunker and i thought i saw a cigarette in his hand , then he confirmed my suspicion when i saw him raise it to his lips for a drag and the tip glowed fiery orange .
she paused to look down critically at a bright orange couch , chewing on her lip .
it turns the horizon in front of us a deep mix of orange and purples .
olivia loved the mornings as the sun rose over the atlantic , the sky a soft orange .
it was a little big around her waist so she put on an orange belt and accented the rest of the outfit with a long orange beaded necklace and matching earrings .
` ` all i know is that last week you could n't decide what color to paint your toenails so , instead of making that decision , you painted one foot green and the other foot orange . ''
` ` so ... '' i took a deep swallow of my orange juice and attempted to get my body under some kind of control , half fearing i was going to come in the clothes i borrowed from linc if i did n't .
they had a slight orange color to them and the nurse explained that they were jaundiced , which was n't unusual since they were premature .
it was no longer blue , but a hazy orange and yellow .
the glow of waste refineries in the lower reaches cloaked the crumbling under - city landscape , painting derelict buildings a ghastly orange .
a burst of light blazed from the depths , unmasking the distant walls of the far rim and bathing the rock in yellow , orange and gold .
after 45 minutes of flying , the sky changed to an even deeper orange , the glare of the hot sun glazing the horizon into a blur of light .
it was exploding with a symphony of colors , starting slow and cool with pinks and purples , and rising in a crescendo to splatter the brightest reds and the most saturated oranges across the sky over the red hills .
it is pretty here , claire says as she watches the sunset glow a brilliant orange against the mountain peaks .
i see a few flashes of orange between the trees .
i see an orange glow from the smoke filled road .
curtiss white sheet and hood now blazoned orange and red from the colors of a dying churchs agony .
the jewelry merchant was dressed in a coat of bright blue silk , a surcoat and mantle of orange , and a blue cap made of some other type of material that dex could not identify .
after tightening his gauntlets and flexing his fingers , he leaned over and grabbed his war hammer , a large weapon covered in runes of dark orange .
~ reapers beams sliced through waves of ships , and with every orange glow that lit her peripheral vision , shepard shed another mental tear .
shepard limped down the filth - encrusted steps towards the group , fires from the damaged citadel bathing the entire area in an unsettling orange glow .
the stations created sunlight had sunk towards the furthest end of the great ring of the station , turning the sky a wash of oranges and purples and the clouds into slivers of molten amber .
glancing around in the orange glow of the simulated sunset , he saw elcor and hanar and humans and quarians but not the woman that everyone present now sought .
one of the goon girls tossed her an orange jumpsuit and a little thin towel .
no one stared , or even cared that beta was still clad in her sfsd orange jumpsuit .
half the bar i had left blinked orange .
the first missile detonated , a livid orange flash .
they met at the surrogate sunset , which cast a tender orange and ruby - red glow throughout the domes , eight - hundred years to the night since their home became a free world .
the un - man 's i - link blazed orange through the right lens of its polarized spectacles as it processed the data .
i stir the honey in my orange pekoe , remove the tea bag , place it on the saucer , and stare at the now warm brown liquid .
the color of the dot - light was nt blazing orange but blood - red .
the templar had knotted locks of grey falling down his back , piercing eyes of orange and a thin frame compared to most of those who fought under his command .
since he had arrived the bars had been constant orange , enemy approaching on scanner .
the sun was beginning to set , causing the surrounding sky to go a strange shade of orange , when the monitor started beeping more sporadically .
in an ugly orange jumpsuit .
the tenacious missile , glowing an ominous orange from the heat , was closing in again .
reds and oranges appeared over the sky as the sun rose over the sleepy tourist village .
the sun descended behind the valley plains to the west , fading the blue sky into carnations of orange and red .
the sky above was a deep orange with spotted gray clouds that faded to a dark blue in the east .
everyone shifted just a little closer to the fire as the light blue sky blazed into a fiery orange .
jeremy stared at the gems intently they re a brilliant shade of orange , but other than that , what am i looking at ?
i started paying more attention to reality , and i noticed an orange glow coming from ryan 's pocket that had been getting stronger as we got closer to morgan 's .
i looked over into the window and saw the dark walls begin to glow a bright orange .
it colored the sky a blazing orange and regal purple that reflected back down on the dark buildings of rasparta , creating a muddled sea of brown and gray in stark contrast to the brilliance above it .
shiny enough to reflect the dull orange glow in the sky , the car had surely come from the burning core of the city where the fatherland security department had its headquarters .
it would have blended in completely except that someone had painted the facade orange and brown .
her face markings were a lopsided mask of black with a stripe of orange down the middle .
the sun was sinking below the horizon slowly , casting an orange glow in the small house .
chapter 14 the sun was dropping below the horizon in florida leaving majestic orange and purple clouds .
a second orange sun began to rise above the horizon , followed by the appearance of eight small squares suspended in front of him , each containing a single zero .
once cleared , markman gazed across the aurora city landscape , glimmering under its twin orange suns .
markmans hand seemed to glow a faint orange .
eli pulled open his backpack to reveal the meka , still wearing the stocking and sound asleep , curled into a tight orange ball at the bottom of the bag .
her wings were outstretched , her little orange legs peddling , tail swinging back and forth like a rudder to keep her balanced as she locked her sights on blink .
the glow on the box rose and fell , shifting from red to a bright orange , its colors pulsing with the rhythm of a failing heart .
a soft orange beam of light came from her .
all that remained was the dim outline of jeanettes face , inches from milton in the brightboxs faint orange light .
red , green , blue , yellow , orange .
chien summoned the proper screen , which now showed the solar pizza as a mossy tennis ball pocked with violent orange and cobalt - blue acne .
the biggest object in the collage was a wobbly orange oval , a sun that projected brightness and cheer .
she squinted at the rim of flaming orange that burned like a promise across the city skyline .
these glowing beads of orange inside the woods and toward which she drove the bodies were the bonfires that served as flaming repositories for fallen zombies and people alike .
their flickering orange pyres engulfed their spastic appendages .
he wore grease stained overalls and a dirty orange vest .
they watched the sun rise over the mountains , the orange and reds coloring the sky .
thermal talons charged to a bright orange glow in the jaws of the circling sinister sharks .
the peaches turned from white to a lovely orange .
now the magma was exposed , glowing and bubbling in its red orange menace , ebbing and flowing against the containment field .
they reached a flat area , a little below the highest point of the peak with the sun resting on the distant eastern horizon , burning the sky a dusty orange .
pride of place was taken by a great orange star in the centre .
the stars and darkness were fading away , replaced by golden hues of red and orange .
they were strong and piercing through the trees , solid like laser beams as they threw a yellow/ orange hue to the tree trunks .
we were walking up this road , the setting sun orange and blinding as it went down .
i then took notice of several seconds of silence before the streams from the defenders turned into a bright orange .
i cracked an orange glow stick and shook it , coaxing it to life in the dark .
pinks , yellows and oranges started to streak the underside of thin clouds on the horizon .
through another door , the faint orange light of a single ray of sunshine illuminated the mummified remains of a cat in a long and narrow hallway , spray - painted kanji graffiti on the walls , so stylized i could n't make out a single word .
everything began to spin , the burnt black landscape blurring together with the orange glow .
the sky looked different too ; there were strange colors in the heavens , bright reds and oranges .
he was definitely from the hashtish alliance even though his skin was a darker shade of green and his hair was more brown than orange or red which meant he likely was nt from hashtish 4 .
kel was given what like a creamy rice with an orange sauce , henn got a dead eel - like animal , ams was served just a drink of red liquid and gom ate what looked like snails with colourful shells .
unfortunately , my screen flashed orange and an error message came up .
it was more like a flavourless orange gatorade .
i saw a hint of dirty orange and figured it was some sort of moon potato then i saw that it had four fingers .
shining a deep , rich orange like living copper , it lay smooth against the green skin and delicate bone structure of the alien 's neck .
the frame beneath glowed a brilliant and metallic orange , just like the collars that the two children wore .
a man walked through the door , clad in a bulky orange suit that covered his entire body .
dalrin pointed to the other orange suit that hung from the wall , identical to the one he currently wore .
several hours later stowik strapped in after he removed his cumbersome orange suit and was startled to see dalrin climb up the hopper .
stowik gazed at the horizon and caught the last glint of orange as the light danced through the air .
stowik lifted his palm to his face and looked down at the brown - orange hydrocarbon dust stuck in the lines of his palm .
the sun was getting ready to set , casting a vibrant orange glow over the rockwell city showgrounds where the well anniversary festival was set up .
the static background like furniture and walls show in nearly solid gray , vital tissue like humans and green plants show up in yellow , non - vital tissue like wood and stuffed animals show up in gray - blue and last are the moving non - vital elements like plastics and metals , they show up in orange .
she looked back at me and the fire flickered sending an orange glow across her face .
not only the fact he was lying on nothing but air , but the whole explosion , the orange flames , everything .
bright orange flames , along with its poisonous orange smoke was sucked upward and out of the building , debris from above going with it , rather than falling down , protecting the stunned crowd .
now , he was a freak of nature , who still did his moping , but had opted to keep his new orange telstar at home before forgetting about public transport .
the sun slips below the hills in front of me , casting an orange glow over the landscape .
i have no chance , she thought , watching in stricken awe as the cyborg turned toward her , a metallic eye shifting from orange to red while examining her structure .
on the horizon to the east and the north , the sky was lit by an orange glow .
the moon was low in the sky , a crescent shape with a burnt orange color .
tom got a block of meat that was a dark orange from the case , and carried it over to the slicer .
the fire coughed its final sounds , sending out a faint orange mist which ebbed against the damp rock walls .
when i was a child the orange glow of the sunset over the mountains always made me happy ; it meant santa 's elves were baking cookies .
when i returned home , the orange glow of sunset streaked over mt .
the moment i opened the door and saw the plush orange and purple checked - carpet and a maze black partitioned cubicles , i knew i 'd have a headache every moment i spent in it .
it was a beautiful morning , the house bathed in orange as the sun slowly rose up past the horizon .
this is sarah orange .
the sky then begins to light up , red , then blue , then red again , and then it turns into an almost fiery orange .
he stopped and soaked in the pleasant scent and looked up to the bright red - orange colored sky that ackturras unique curve and planetary orbit is best known for .
the bright yellow orb above had already dropped low in the sky and shifted into a deepening shade of orange .
magists most prized possession lay in a glass case on his desk ; a small grayish - silver ball with flecks of orange dusting it .
eris could suddenly see the mark , a strange symbol burning with a hazy orange glow .
bene stared into the flames , watching them jet and pulse in flickering orange and yellow , his mind in turmoil .
queeb was similarly attired , except his boots were red and he wore a long black overcoat over yellow leggings and a bright orange jerkin .
with a flick of her thumb , the area immediately around her was illuminated with a dim orange glow .
glowing faintly in a dim orange , it was kneeling on the ground , its head down next to mal .
the barrier energy failed for a moment , and a few shots got through , destroying a portion of the capitals docks in great orange fire .
a few weeks ago , i leaned against a tree trunk , mesmerized by the yellowish - orange fruit , and picked a handful .
his nineteen - year - old assistant had hair dyed flame orange and yellow eyes that sparkled .
kitain , who stood nine feet tall and wore mismatching orange and green sneakers , said , ` ` good evening lustal .
the sky burned deeper and deeper orange .
i heard heb yell suddenly , saying it was time to leave , the sun had finally dipped below the horizon lighting it up in a beautiful orange glow .
the clear western sky exploded with hues of orange and red as the sun started its descent .
the pretty boys ' blazing orange dot - light blinked three times as they connected and after a few seconds , they replied in one accord , we are also unable to raise the factory .
a furry orange alien of unknown origin sprung to his many feet when they wandered in .
` ` try it with a bit of the orange stuff .
there was a flickering orange glow .
the curls , too , fell away and the orange seemed to be taking forever to get itself gone .
that one over there has potential , even though it 's got the signs of an impending nova since the star itself looks a little orange .
the shield momentarily flickered orange and purple as the sand was deflected away .
it seems slightly jacinthe ( light orange ) , but that is more of an impression on my eyes than an actual color .
the short , green pickles are side - by - side near me and the thinner orange and green tall ones are on the other side of the table .
he extends a bright orange , newly - protruding , thin , arm - like appendage toward me , pointing to my heart .
ringo uses two of his orange , six arms to indicate the ways the terms spread around .
ringo extrudes one light orange , upper arm - like appendage and wiggles his ` ` fingers '' at me .
disposal service had been stenciled onto its back in lurid orange .
the lower half of the horizon was quickly coming into view with blankets of forestry , riverbeds that snaked , and the harsh orange and green minerals along those riverbeds .
do you see the bright orange and black colored bird there ?
when sledge awoke from his catnap , the sun had settled down over the palms outside of his window and dimmed to a burnt shade of orange .
chapter 13 june 2041 kansas city , mo the black void melted to shades of brown and burnt orange .
the dark silhouette of terra firma lay between him and the horizon , which glowed faint orange , melting into the light blue of early morning .
lay upon the balcony of vortans undisclosed apartment , justus gazed up at what few stars could be seen through the citys orange glow .
a flash of orange danced among the lower canopy .
then a small creature , with glossy fur a deep orange , dropped onto the ground beside her .
he sang quietly to the peculiar orange creatures as they purred back , nipping from one branch to another playfully .
over their colors , the altars flame cast its orange glow .
beneath us , the lights of the city shrank into a dotted array of oranges .
the lights from the windows streaked past in blurs of orange .
only the orange glow of the tower lights remained ; then they too faded , and the silver of the stars was all that speckled the night .
she swept it aside to reveal a vast hall beyond , and i went through into the orange glow .
the orange of the fire was almost maddening to see .
ly swept down from the blue air , and soon we were rising into the sky , the sunflowers dissolving into a field of orange below .
in a few moments they were sitting in front of a blazing orange fire .
the exterior lights had been turned on and large barriers in orange and red made a ring around the building , as if it were a pustule about to burst and flood the city with illness .
that s an acronym for orange juice .
the firecracker powder was released out of his clutched fist slamming it into a middle - sized fire burning nearby , it exploded out in all directions releasing colorful ; light blues , golden oranges , sparkling yellows and dazzling reds .
six foot tall daises of off colors oranges and yellows appeared ; ten foot tall water - lilies lined the steam , with lily pads three foot across sparsely populating a medium - sized lake at one end of the slow moving stream .
you have longer claws and teeth than i have ever seen in one so small before , and your eyes have an unnatural color of orange .
as louis was climbing downwards the adder stone fell from one of the pockets of his robe , to louis 's surprise the stone glowed brightly inside of the lair , dispersing out of the ordinary bright orange , green and yellow lights all about them .
as it was brought into the muffled light of the cave it began to oddly glow , at first a brilliant oft colored yellow , then an awe inspiring green , a diluted pink , then a bright orange color .
it began to oscillate off - setting colors of blue , oranges , greens and reds , finally settling into a once and again hypnotic azure blue .
the sky was on fire with beautiful reds and oranges .
the afternoon sun hovered at eye level above the horizon , turning the clouds ablaze with bright reds and oranges .
resting on the blotter in front of him was a small sword - no bigger than a large dagger - its blade like carved red glass , and its hilt burnished gold with a dull orange stone embedded in the pommel .
only a few nights past , he was wholly reliant on emetanisms , unless he wanted to produce an inefficient orange light .
the colors were bright oranges and yellows with occasional shocks of red .
that meant orange was nt here on official business .
he was also tall and thin but unlike oranges round head , this new guys head came to a distinct point in the middle of his face .
the only colors came from the green plants , the gray tile walkways , and the reddish - orange sunset .
a giant , scaly orange creature stood before .
suddenly , a gigantic ford explorer blasted past their left hand side with a battered orange and white toyota corolla taxi tail - gating it as though the two cars were stapled together .
she queried as she lifted up a pale orange and white shawl for closer inspection .
he retrieved a bright orange , cylindrical shape from the back of the hollow .
one of the beasts bulldozed straight through the first orange stalk , smashing it into spark - like splinters .
when the men finally returned carrying an entire orange atlas tree between them , she rubbed her hands with glee and set about apportioning the wood for its various uses .
kate threw aside her mattress of twined orange bark .
there was something in the air , some fragrance , orange and lavender .
her eyes opened to nothing but a hazy orange and gray .
its all orange in here .
through it could still be seen faint stars , and on the far side , the white light reflected and heightened the reds to oranges and the purples to pinks , like a sheppards delight sunset on ancient earth .
it was still quite dark , but there was a faint line of orange and red sitting low in the sky signaling the approach of sunrise .
it was flickering orange in the light of barrel fires set about the grounds .
john had liked nothing better than to sit in the rose arbour and contemplate the huge brick built abbey and soaring bell tower , fiery orange in the glow of the sun .
overhead , a huge orange sun filled a quarter of the cloudless , red sky , while beneath her feet stretched a desert , the sand littered with boulders and industrial debris .
his head was wide and heavy , his skin green , blotched with orange and brown , his eyes large and yellow .
he pushed the orange , plastic chair to the bed and sat down .
the sides of the mountain were purple , pink , and burnt orange .
at least , maeve thought it was a basketball , the only indication as to its possible use being the familiar orange hue .
argon turned a shade that got close to the bright orange of his hair .
milo spun around , a neon orange bowling ball clutched in his right hand , ready to throw .
a young woman in an orange blouse and a pair of denim capris got out of her dirty blue ford escort with a little boy .
alephs companion , beth , was a deep orange , k - class star .
by the time they arrived on deck , daylight was developing fully and the eastern sky was painted in oranges and reds .
he was as pale as an ice - worlder , in an unhealthy way with lots of purple veins , his eyes had a slight orange hue to the grey in them and he lacked any body hair from what she could see .
he looked bruised and beaten , his shirt torn away revealing the purple physic beneath , the skin a bright orange where his captors had left his mark .
reds and oranges of the sunrise contrasted against the new spring leaves of the trees in the hospital courtyard .
the fire is instant , the red and orange of the flame consumes her .
get him into or 6 , call jeremy and tell him we have a code orange , a different more authoritative voice took over .
there was no light to help him on his way , the sky blacked out and the faint orange glow of the city behind him fading as he moved closer to alices prison .
he moved to the front door and checked around the street lit by an orange glow of streetlight .
on either side of the temple were several low - lying wooden buildings , painted a bright burnt orange .
leela was curled up in the fetal position on a thin mattress , wearing an orange jumpsuit , convict - style .
we stepped out into the soft orange twilight once we had reached the end .
she pointed to the towering palace that glinted in the fiery orange light of the clouds .
james held the torch up , and its flame lit the cave with an ominous orange glow .
the laughter and loud discussions of those great many individuals filled our ears as we noted the warm light cast by the torches that lined the wall and the orange glow of the sunset streaming through the many windows .
i would have loved to see the orange in your eyes .
franklin standing over me and i am bloody and black - eyed and crying and everyone 's laughing at me , all of them as usual but you 're there , you 're there , too , gen , and you look down at me and your face is screwed up like an old , heat - shrunk pumpkin and your mouth is open and it 's twisted into that same look of malice i have gotten so good at carving and i see , i see , genevieve , not the moon in your eyes , not the orange .
the beautiful oranges and blues of the fire make my eyes feast .
the yellow , the orange , the pink .
the orange and the red and the fire , but also the yellows and the pinks and the blues and the grays .
` ` we 're on orange alert .
sally was halfway across the meadow when a bright orange tour helicopter came in from the ocean and set down right in front of sally , leaves and debris flying everywhere .
tarmi glanced out into the night , and thought he caught the glimpse of orange and green light .
the air filled with blues , greens , oranges , purples and yellows .
there was very little color in her aura except for a bit of orange at the center .
her aura was something i d never seen before , a brilliant dark red with an edge of orange that flickered along the outline of it .
football practice for the big game , pep rallies , spirit days where we could dress in a theme if we wanted , and something orange park called raider roar .
i watched her color slip from orange to black to gray and i felt her leave this world in a rush of wonder and questions .
his aura was this cool metallic blue with flecks of orange in it that sometimes reminded me of a jello fruit salad .
he liked watching the waves of red and orange .
she made good time , and it was n't long before she could see glimpses of bright orange through the trees .
then within moments , the spinning sunstone began glowing wildly on its individual parts representing individual figures or beasts and deities , each one lighting up in a synchronistic pattern and then the light , bright orange on the silvery disk began fusing to the central figure and spitting outward in pellets of orange colored energy out the window and around the room .
the man in the hood turns his head slightly still concealing his face , and his hood vibrated glowing orange and white in a sudden sequence of colors .
he was a shirtless man with a muscular build and long silk pants , but a strange metal mask over his entire heads , large and protruding in the shape of a pentagon and his eyes began to glow a bright orange , with mechanical underpinnings in the nose and mouth area like a strange breathing apparatus , but with moving parts that twisted in and out like flower petals blossoming .
james nodded as he ran over to the masks men and flung his arms wildly with all his might aiming at the masks mans metallic components , but the energy shield began to fizzle with a bright orange glow leaving the man remaining in his stance angrily approaching them .
he pressed one red , button and the front of the car split open into three directions the hood rising up before them and above them leaving room for viewing through the windshield while the sides split sideways each parting to its own way and the front a silver scorpion ensemble glowing bright orange with fierceness as the hood of the car continues to rise up and join with the trunk rising upward further to form a curving metal tentacle like the tail of a scorpion .
the hood of the car displayed a raised metal relief form of a scorpion glowing bright orange in the darkness when the car is fully powered up .
the gorge hunter repaired and ready after its last confrontation was like a glider along the ocean towards the battle legions ship and the two armed furiously fired their energy weapons simultaneously striking one another , the orange shields of light on the battle legions ship glistened as the gorge hunter suffered casualties to its hull and crew as people were prepared and flung themselves and their items in midair upward and out into their watery graves .
chapter 86 time : 1890 a.d . , tennessee the ranch of johann mcguire in central tennessee is a quaint range - like feel as the wooden fences and plowed hayfields adorned landscape below the crimson orange country skies over the crop - filled terrain .
it was a fluorescent orange and yellow and blue parrot .
she returned with an orange pill bottle and disappeared into her room .
* * * light from the streetlamp filled her room with a dull orange glow .
by the time they entered the village , a cock had crowed several times and the anticipated sun had painted the sky a deep orange .
the room was bright with sunshine that made the orange and aqua blue polka dots on her dress almost glow .
so unlike the spectral range of earths colours , the lack of orange and yellow , and many of the softer shades , made the apex of summer feel as though we were living smack bang in the middle of a digitally - enhanced comic - book fantasia .
unlike the spectral range of earths coloursred , orange , yellow , green , blue , indigo and violetthere is a distinct lack of orange and yellow , and far fewer softer hues in the other primary and secondary colours .
no orange , no yellow , and a very narrow range of green .
besides its drab green colour , the serpents keen eyes are luminous orange with flecks of yellowyes , the only orange and yellow i ve seen on the planet .
besides its drab green colour , the serpents keen eyes are luminous orange with flecks of yellowyes , the only orange and yellow i ve seen on the planet .
i have no chance , she thought , watching in awe as the cyborg turned toward her , a metallic eye shifting from orange to red while examining her structure .
a hot metallic scent wafted over julieth as she watched the bar glow molten orange and then ooze down and harden on the cells floor .
the majestic being hovered in midair in the center of the vast chamber , his eyes glowing a hallucinogenic orange and his completely exposed flesh radiating a bright yellow - orange light .
the majestic being hovered in midair in the center of the vast chamber , his eyes glowing a hallucinogenic orange and his completely exposed flesh radiating a bright yellow - orange light .
the suns were setting now and streamers of radiant orange and pink sheered the sky like blades , but there , where the land met the sky , he could see what looked like earth moving .
in her hand a cocktail , with an orange slice on the rim .
the sphere rotates and stops in front of a bright orange area .
the big star on the horizon tinges the plain with orange and lights the rippling surface of the lake with golden reflections .
the sky surrounding it was a deep orange hue .
or chemical weapons such as agent orange , used by the british in malaysia and by the americans in vietnam .
it only had four petals , but they were beautiful , striped orange and black and dotted in white .
in the desert , with a belly and brain full of engan , i saw the flutterbies , the beautiful wings in bright orange and black , edged in white spots .
with the skin still attached and the orange goo on the inside , they could tell it was some kind of a long bodied reptilian ; covered in a multi - colored scale hide , long tail , short neck , a snout like apparatus hanging off its face , six legs with large pads , wide claws , and bulbous lidless eyes .
well you need it today , harlin said seeing the alien entrails which had turned from bright orange to a urine yellow color .
the mtav tires jolted whenever a slunk was caught underneath , and each wheel turned the same slunk color orange drummer had all over him last shift .
at the end of harlins sights he could see the targets he hit , and the small orange spat which came with every bullet impact .
the sun was setting : casting an orange glow over every metallic surface .
soldiers wore pale green uniforms , officers wore white and other crew and personnel wore a dim orange .
both wore traditional orange robes , symbols of monks .
they were predominantly ruby red , but the orange formed thin bands around her , beginning at her hips and trailing down .
it was a winged man , coated entirely in some kind of lightweight crystal , a fiery orange in this place with twinkling sparks all over him .
it was getting dark and , looking up , he was greeted by an orange and purple streaked sky .
one of them , a large orange tom , held paws with a dainty chihuahua woman wearing a garishly pink , strappy dress under a maroon sweater .
chapter one clouds slowly gathered in the sky , their dark grey lining more prominent against the glaring orange of the setting sun .
the colors increase from yellow orange to yellow and then to white at 5,800 kelvin .
thetra could barely see him through the orange fire .
as mitch had said , it appeared to be a shimmering electric blue cat suit with bold orange and gold tiger stripes .
she pointed to the telephone pole beside the house and dorina saw a beautiful orange and black butterfly .
the door at the end of the wall did lead into a metal stairway painted bright orange .
he settled on a bright orange one that had been marked down to $ 185 because of a scratch on the paint and a speedometer glass that had cracked on the edge during shipment .
she wandered into the back room , its warm oranges and reds calming her and reminding her that this was home , whether she liked it or not .
his eyes lit up , two glowing orange beams in the darkness .
this one is a chicken burrito , apple crumb cake and orange drink .
light shimmered on the distant horizonlightning , i thought , at first , until i realized it was some kind explosion , followed by the steady orange glow of fire .
but when i looked into the terrified faces turned toward me under the flickering orange of the low fire , i said what i knew they needed to hear .
` ` it is not a phrase , it 's an image , an orange crocus . ''
far away in the distance the real heart of scorpius glowed large and bright orange on the background of deep space in all its supergiant glory , dwarfing the tiny stars around it .
a and b are in close proximity , while the closest c comes to them is 230 au star a : 73 % the mass of sol , main sequence orange k type star star b : 69 % the mass of sol , main sequence orange k type star star c : 31 % the mass of sol , red dwarf m type star , exoplanets orbit this star only stats : g 667 c constellation : scorpius star type : m1.5v - red dwarf luminosity : 0.0137 l mass : 0.31 m temperature : 3,700 k radius : 0.42 r age : 2 - 10 gy planets , in order from closest to farthest : cb - 0.05 au from gj 667 c , 7 day orbit , 6 times more mass than earth cc - 0.12 au from gj 667 c , 28 day orbit , 4 times more mass than earth , slightly hotter than earth , humid , heavy atmosphere and important deposits lead to the construction of the mining town bootscrape , planets name is melantha cf - 0.15 au from gj 667 c , 39 day orbit , 3 times more mass than earth , awarded to the members of the church of the holy redemption , site of the colony redemption ce - 0.21 au from gj 667c , 62 day orbit , 3 times more mass than earth , this planet is the location of command post two , and is named paradise cd - 0.27 au from gj 667 c , 92 day orbit , 8 times more mass than earth , ice planet cg - 0.53 au from gj 667 c , 251 day orbit , 7 times more mass than earth stats : planet c , melantha orbital distance : 0.12 au orbit : 28.15 days , 0.07 year gravity : 1.1 radius : 1.76 , 11,229 km diameter : 3.52 , 22,458 km mass : 4.39 density : 0.4 composition : silicates , small metal core land : 20 % ice : 16 % liquid : 64 % moons : 3 a gravity : 2.9 diameter : 0.37 , 4,721 km mass : 0.39 b gravity : 1.4 diameter : 0.39 , 4,976 km mass : 0.21 c gravity : 0.7 diameter : 0.24 , 3,062 km mass : 0.04 moon features : moon a might have some further developments .
a and b are in close proximity , while the closest c comes to them is 230 au star a : 73 % the mass of sol , main sequence orange k type star star b : 69 % the mass of sol , main sequence orange k type star star c : 31 % the mass of sol , red dwarf m type star , exoplanets orbit this star only stats : g 667 c constellation : scorpius star type : m1.5v - red dwarf luminosity : 0.0137 l mass : 0.31 m temperature : 3,700 k radius : 0.42 r age : 2 - 10 gy planets , in order from closest to farthest : cb - 0.05 au from gj 667 c , 7 day orbit , 6 times more mass than earth cc - 0.12 au from gj 667 c , 28 day orbit , 4 times more mass than earth , slightly hotter than earth , humid , heavy atmosphere and important deposits lead to the construction of the mining town bootscrape , planets name is melantha cf - 0.15 au from gj 667 c , 39 day orbit , 3 times more mass than earth , awarded to the members of the church of the holy redemption , site of the colony redemption ce - 0.21 au from gj 667c , 62 day orbit , 3 times more mass than earth , this planet is the location of command post two , and is named paradise cd - 0.27 au from gj 667 c , 92 day orbit , 8 times more mass than earth , ice planet cg - 0.53 au from gj 667 c , 251 day orbit , 7 times more mass than earth stats : planet c , melantha orbital distance : 0.12 au orbit : 28.15 days , 0.07 year gravity : 1.1 radius : 1.76 , 11,229 km diameter : 3.52 , 22,458 km mass : 4.39 density : 0.4 composition : silicates , small metal core land : 20 % ice : 16 % liquid : 64 % moons : 3 a gravity : 2.9 diameter : 0.37 , 4,721 km mass : 0.39 b gravity : 1.4 diameter : 0.39 , 4,976 km mass : 0.21 c gravity : 0.7 diameter : 0.24 , 3,062 km mass : 0.04 moon features : moon a might have some further developments .
charles threw his hand up , his god magic dial began circulating but was now a flaming color of orange and red .
he walked out the front of charles house , he lifted up his hand , and a fire orange sigil appeared around his arm , a dark smile grew across his face .
she had blue black hair and dark brown eyes rimmed with orange .
it was just before dawn and the sky was separated into bands of pale purple , rose and pale orange .
some buildings still stood , but the shimmer of heat that made me think of the city as a mirage had been replaced with an orange glow that dwarfed the city in an auburn cloud licking at the sky .
leon can see a small phoenix emblazoned across her wrist , the fire tipped wings reach around like a bracelet of orange and yellow .
the cliffs peaking over the crests of sondranos were glowing with the last gasps of sunset , and their light cast orange on her features .
khaki , cream and orange .
the top layer was a clear yellow , nearly transparent , and the bottom a darker orange .
the liquid in the vials turned the right colour too , with layered yellows and oranges .
then cavachi looked as though it was afire as brilliant reds and yellows and oranges lit the pale stone .
the clouds lit from below in golds and reds and oranges .
i think our song should be rhapsody in orange .
~~~~ back to top chapter 12 the flare spattered the streamlet with orange .
his armor was in the same style as herks , with the same overlapping bands , except bullfrogs was black instead of orange , and much larger .
both of them sat staring silently into the faint orange glow of the embers deep into the night .
the sun was getting higher , oranges and purples were being sprayed out into the sky from behind the mountain tops .
the plants and trees are all tinged with orange .
planks of wood and sheets of netted orange plastic held the packed soil in place .
white candles lined the railing , warm orange flames dancing with joy and radiating a gentle light throughout the sitting area .
the iris appeared bright orange with a star - like black pupil , which dramatically adjusted to changes in brightness .
i ' m tired of prison orange . ''
it was growing out , had grown a lot since i 'd cut it and the brown dye had faded during my incarceration until i was now almost back to my original bright orange , insanely curly , long hair .
the energy shield that surrounded the edict took the brunt of the force of entry into galea 's atmosphere , painting the air outside in shades of orange and red that mixed in with the sunset .
the outside of his comet started to glow orange as it entered the atmosphere .
the edges of the metal glowed bright orange and then faded .
but the prince 's ship continued along its trajectory , its hull turning bright orange as it entered the atmosphere .
an orange glow is emanating from the middle windows .
dusk is highlighting the dunes in reds and oranges .
then lifted my head from the bead and watched as the setting sun shone through the window , directly into our room leaving an orange glow across the apartment .
hbot drones with blinking lights of orange and purple then stops .
she wears a neon orange dress with puffy short sleeves , a high neck line , and a circular fluffy skirt .
the crimson and orange make a complimentary counterpoint to our outfits and the bursts of blood which are exploding all around me .
ragnor is splayed back against the moss , his blond hair askew , his left hand clutching at the dark crimson stain which is spreading steadily across the tangerine orange of his shirt .
a pair of young boys lounge atop it , eyeing me with bored attention , their eyes going to the orange of my outfit .
there is a steady stream of people moving about the town , a few in orange like me , the rest in a motley assortment of leather , dark cloth , and bare skin .
the sun is setting , oranges and crimsons spreading across the sky .
` ` stole this for us , to wash down the taste of that orange soda . ''
bear kicked over a roaring brazier and the canvas of the tent caught fire , going up in a sudden fury of red and orange .
several flares from the arc side shot up into the air , bathing the entire city in a sickly orange glow .
the stove comes to life with a rumble , a ring of tiny flames glowing orange .
i slide into a shiny orange bench in the diner , folding my hands together atop the table , and i breathe and breathe and breathe until i m resolved .
he s barely pulled the door open when garima breezes past , an orange hijab around her face to match the warm umber ensemble she s wearing .
the night outside is lit up in shades of orange instead of the black it usually is .
the edge of the sky is grey , murky with smoke , and the orange that shone through the glass is caused by patches of flickering light .
a cloud must pass over the moon because the street is pitched into gloom , lit only in misty shades of orange .
on screen , three orange orbs streaked from the underbelly of the approaching karakan ship .
the late afternoon light , a deep orange - red in color , bathed the green and brown meadow before him , causing the grasses , thistles , and brambles to shimmer as they wavered in the breeze .
a small , hand crafted oil lamp cast a flickering , orange glow over the desk , while filling the room with a scent reminiscent of backyard barbecues .
the sky filled with vivid orange , red and pink hues .
cyclopean always gave a visual symphony of colors in bands of browns , oranges and yellows .
* * * celet , the second largest moon of celebrity , was a dull orange against the comparatively bright backdrop of celebrity and her colorful rings .
the thick atmosphere was filled with organic material that gave it the dull orange glow from the small amount of light it received from the sun , plus the reflected light from celebrity .
the dull orange ball of celet was now beginning to fill the cockpit 's windows .
he looked out the cockpit to find the dull orange glow of celet filling the view .
the car accelerated in the vacant but lit - up tunnel , its headlights flashing a blinding white , its taillights beaming a dim orange .
busiku , his teeth clenched tightly , cast out flames from his flashing eyes , and the flames made a rapid circle around the fire encircling jordan , so that , when the two circles of fire met , busikus fire , whose flames were a fusion of red and orange and purple and yellow and blue , put out anthonys fire of wholly yellow flames , and that way , both fires extinguished , leaving the ground scorched and the grass charred .
the feathers turned a bright orange from its resident darkened state and so did the etched dirt .
blazing eyes , one electric blue and the other orange , shone out from dark hair that spilled over her frantic face as she made quite certain no part of her had been burnt off .
they reflected hues of burnt orange and rusty red , like fall foliage on earth .
jeremy looked into saeshas burning orange and blue eyes .
so close that her orange and blue eyes filled up his entire vision .
the buildings without doors , just windows to fly in and out of were colourful , bright orange and red and towering for hundreds of feet .
magen wiped the wetted bright orange spores off his shoulder , which simply smeared over the blue .
all fairly standard colours , except for the luminous orange one .
when she reached him she realized that he was wearing a royal blue satin baseball jacket with the ny insignia in orange on it .
but three people stand right in front of the elevator , their whole face and bodies covered in a large orange suit .
the behemoth fired a bottom gun that emitted a bright orange glow in a conic projection , right as the cruiser was about to hit it .
the rest of the sky shone pale gray , with a tinge of red in the light of a setting orange sun .
he quickly brushed aside his obvious error and allowed his eyes to wander over the planets interacting bands of yellows and oranges .
the window behind let in a comforting orange glow as the sun began to set beneath an artificial horizon made up of smaller , surrounding buildings .
a spinning orange light above warned of it being in use .
the ocean waves continued their obsession with the shore and a gull passed high overhead , carrying an object , bright orange and lifeless , in its beak .
there 's some like little helicopters , some like orange pips and others no bigger than an ant .
tat moh walks out of the swirling snow wearing a simple orange rope and flip flops .
they make a sight together , with my little naked brown baby wrapped up in the kung fu master 's orange robes .
stunned , holiday stopped next to the bright metallic orange new model suv .
frank grabbed the thing that was once a man and pulled it out through the rear hatch of the metallic orange suv , letting it flop down onto the street , its entrails following in a greasy black trail .
later , when whoever that guy was he nodded toward the metallic orange suv .
the lenses zoomed in on that orange , pitted like a martian moon , held it in suspension , time frozen , for two seconds and then zoomed in on a fragment of the anonymous arm that had thrown it .
looking up , tuki saw a shooting star staining the sky with its orange glow .
it was colored orange and was racing towards them from the closest kil'ini .
we sit in a booth under the flickering orange torchlight and stare moodily about the room .
the fire paints their waxen , bloated faces with a savage orange glow .
throwing back a devilish orange reflection on a spike near the fire is the grass mans missing head .
the pinks and oranges bleeding through the green trees above her .
colors swirled within , from burnt orange , to forest green , to jet - black .
no less than a hundred burning candles burned ahead of them , flanking an alcove directly ahead at the end of the room and creating a similar eerie orange glow to the ones outside in the cavern .
the blast of orange on the western horizon was visible intermittently as they walked back to the embassy , showing up between buildings and in reflections .
the bright orange light of a campfire , competing with the orange of a setting sun , began to glow brighter a couple dozen meters away , so the rest of these uninvited newcomers were setting up a base for the night .
the pot ignited in a fiery burst of cool blues and purples before it shifted to warm , bright oranges .
lord finn yuan did a good debate tonight , lysander said sincerely as he lit up an orange cigarette .
this substantial meal was accompanied by a jug of twisty water ( sparkling orange . )
the haze was draped over london like a shroud , lit orange by the gaslights beneath .
a hot orange flower bloomed below me .
it began to glow a bright fiery orange and grew larger the longer he looked at it .
chapter six the clouds soaked up the last remaining sunlight making the evening sky radiate in a brilliant orange .
she seemed mesmerized by the licks of orange and blue flames crackling away as they devoured the wood .
she quickened her pace but upon approaching the wall she noticed a strange orange glow reflecting off it .
at night when the fires are lit from within , their homes glow a light orange .
a picnic betrix and nalisha sat on a small orange blanket beneath a tree in the park .
sebastian saw the fiery orange of their monkish coats in the reflection on julian 's glasses .
the english sun was low and feeble , the rays washing the foliage of the surrounding forest with subtle yellows and oranges .
in the planetary system of nu2 lupi , where much of the action of the milk run takes place , the primary star is also more yellow / orange so i imagine the light - absorbing material of the plants there is similarly yellow .
with a herculean effort , he rolled over and was shocked to see that he was completely encased in a furry blanket , made up of a patchwork of browns , oranges and yellows .
the thing she saw sparkled like orange and green gems and then the image faded but she knew they were directing the glowing fluid into the canisters they had brought to the clinic .
it looked long , too long to be natural and it was covered in orange and green gems .
the creature that had been guiding her was a huge orange and green dragon .
she followed light reader 's mental instructions and she changed its color from a dark orange into a bright yellow then into an electric blue sun .
the temperature began to drop slowly , and the desert sky gradually transformed into a blend of pinks , oranges , and yellows surrounded by a blanket of dusky blue .
stunning snow covered mountain peaks rose to over 4,600 meters as vivid orange and yellow colors illuminated the nearby landscape of hills and flatlands .
and the next second , his sword was ablaze : the blade of his sword was now shining in a bright orange colour .
zardin doused his blade : the fiery orange glow as gone , leaving it in its normal silver gleam again .
he knew that the crimson colour of his hair , along with the tint of orange on his skin which was barely noticeable ( and which came to prominence in sunlight ) , were features of the species he belonged to .
the tint of orange on his skin that would often go unnoticed .
and the blade of his sword was shining in a bright orange colour .
his sword flew about in violent streaks of orange as it cut off the sparkler bolts sent at him , and slashed through the robots at the same time .
ion sent one fleeting thought to his sword , and the next second it responded : it was ablaze , shining in bright orange .
the dazzling orange glow of his blade seemed to leave an unfaded imprint on the air before him .
a crisp , orange flare emitted from the silver of the blade , and then it was shining in bright orange .
he belonged to a strange species , with skin that carried a tint of orange .
the two of their blades danced about in maniacal swirl of orange , and sparks exploded all over with every clash that they met in .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ a hundred or so metres away , a dazzling orange flare soaked the whole engine room .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ cruiser 802 exploded with a radiant blast of orange that devoured miles of black space around it .
a dazzling orange flash immersed the scene as he lit his sword , and as one , the rebels stumbled backwards in the sudden blinding light .
it was a young man with unkempt red hair , and a meek tinge of orange upon his skin .
but the slash glowed in a mild orange colour , and wisps of steam emitted from it .
there was a crisp orange flash , and the swords blade was shining in bright orange and in that fragment of a second , pavio realised that this was not razvols bodyguard .
there was a crisp orange flash , and the swords blade was shining in bright orange and in that fragment of a second , pavio realised that this was not razvols bodyguard .
and eyes of a burning orange colour .
what does that - before the policeman could finish the sentence , the bomb that zardin had implanted in this room went off the entire structure was ripped apart by a bellowing blast of orange .
it glowed in bright orange , spreading its warmth and light across the entire room , and leaving a flickering gleam in mantras eyes as he stared down at it .
they moved with the speed of ten men in one , and their fiery forms were a rapid orange blur as they streaked through the army of the smoky demons , slicing them all down .
he could feel the other twos eyes widen as his own did the tablet over which mantra was performing the spell was beginning to glow in a fierce orange .
as he climbed back to his feet , he saw the boy holding a sword , its blade portion lit in a bright orange that left steam to escape around it .
he slid his sword out , holding it up in the air for a second , before lighting the blade with a dazzling , orange flash .
his crimson hair was tousled and messy , and his skin bore the same tint of orange as ions own did .
before grando had completed the turn of his head to face in front of him again , his eyes caught it all happening in the flash of a moment zipping forth like a bullet , the red haired boy appeared across the bend of the hallway , sword in hand , blade shining in bright orange .
it lay obscured behind a large puffy cloud , so that only a meek portion of its dazzling orange was visible .
but the elfling recovered from the staggering motion in the slightest effort , lunging forth with a snarl on his face his sword shining in brilliant orange .
their motions were considerably slower than the earlier one , but they were a sight to watch nevertheless as their orange swords spun wildly , clashing and sparking .
their blades were then shining in orange .
where ions sword had cut them , a mild orange radiation glow lingered .
a wild orange flash illuminated the corridor as ion lit his sword .
it was perched right opposite to a glowing orange orb , which was gradually sinking towards the horizon as dusk approached .
their moon haolo disappeared behind a violent explosion , a flash of orange that seemed to shoot outwards , turning white hot .
their blades now gleaming in bright orange , the three of them pounced into action .
like thick beams of sunlight , like threads of burning orange spilling from the heavens , they came down there seemed to be a thousand of them .
the orange threads shot from the sky and connected to their world across the wide desert expanse , spreading all over it : the giant desert expanse which the plateau was amidst was linked to the heavens through a thousand reigns of bright orange .
ion peeled his eyes , gazing out into the expanse everywhere the orange threads had connected to the world , an orange glow lingered .
he seemed to be made of a fiery orange light , with tongues of flame stretching out to form limbs , and a thin torso which looked like a pillar of fire .
the rest of the watchmen stood as still as stone , their figurines bathing the land in a mild orange glow .
a second or two passed mesmerisingly , and the flaming cords seemed to gain speed rapidly , so that all that was seen of them was a hazy swish of orange .
it was a giant , spherical halo that seemed to emit a faint orange glow from its surface .
ion watched , awed , as the giant spherical cage shrunk against the black sky rapidly , turning into a minute orange speck , and then vanishing fully .
6 meanwhile , a billion miles away , a great orange ship shaped like a falcon tore through space at a speed far faster than any other ordinary one could have achieved .
its a deep orange ship , shaped like a falcon .
filling the place in five wild splashes of orange .
then , he had dissolved behind a violent swirl of orange light as he spun his sword at lightspeed , blocking the shots they sent at him , and cutting through them all at he same time within three mere seconds , the dozen or so rash - cons littered the elegantly tiled floor of his office , their chopped parts still steaming with an orange glow where the mystics sword had cut it .
the mystic lay bent on the ground , his white eyes stalled on the wreckage of robot parts around the floor , his sword held out on one hand shining in bright orange , and leaving wisps of a vapour like substance to fill the air around it .
he had stood no chance against the orange cloaked felon , and he had been subdued almost helplessly .
galinor did nt even flinch as the orange cloaked xeni stepped forward and then unleashed a brutal , brainjolting kick right to his head .
a fierce cling rang within the hull as their gleaming orange blades met , leaving a cloud of sparks to burst in the air around them .
overhead , the sun could be seen through a dull , orange glow , enshrouded behind cloudy fogs .
it was swallowed in a faint orange glow that paled compared to the suns nearby it .
as he prepared to burst a torrent of ice onto the short man before him , the space between the two of them was suddenly lit in a dazzling orange flare .
the light from their forms cast an orange glow that rippled over the caves walls and ceiling .
the hundred watchmen resumed striding down the dark cavern , the light from their torches casting a wide orange halo of illumination around them .
the small , stout huts emitted a faint orange glow from their windows , light from the lamps lit within them .
and then , there was a sudden swish of black , mingled with a streak of flaring orange .
and as the unknown flying object passed , there was a wide orange slash stretching across the torso of the creature .
feet from it , ion had landed with a dry thud , with the sword held raised in his right hand , glowing in bright orange .
he held his sword up by his right hand , and a dazzling orange flash emitted from the blade as he ignited it .
the darkness in the place was erased as the orange glow of zardins sword reached across it .
but no ordinary flames tongues of swirling , coiling orange that seemed to slither over the place like fiery snakes having minds of their own .
but the tablet metres from them was glowing in a wild orange colour , and the air around it was erupting with tongues of flame something very unusual was going on .
ion parried the blade with lightspeed reflexes as it danced around him , its bright orange glow seeming to merge with the blaze of fire in the atmosphere around them .
they tore the front of his robes off and there , a bright orange slash lay across his torso : the fire serpent had cut right through it , like an ignited sword .
ion stared at the gaping orange slash across mantras torso , and he had to struggle to force down the wave of hopelessness .
it seemed preternaturally quiet inside the inflated vessel , its sealed panels glowed a soft orange around them .
they always kept the furnace burning because it was the only source of heat in the building , so when we pushed open the door , we found that the room was bathed in an eerie orange glow .
i lifted my hand and an orange orb shot out and hit the man .
when the sun hit the glass , each facet dazzled a different color , sometimes a light pink , some times a bright red , other times brilliant orange .
the filthy layers floated above us , casting an eerie orange hue over everything in sight .
each had a larger piece of paper above them , with the category of work written in florescent orange lettering , to help with any confusion .
duaal jumped up and whirled to see a woman in oil - spotted orange coveralls frowning at him .
those lights were surely flashing orange or red , coldhand thought .
vyron was not sure how long he had been staring out the canopy at a tiny speck of orange .
maeve had changed into a short , thin dress of shimmering sunset orange , belted at the waist with a sash of pale gold .
all over the phoenix , lights blinked , warnings flaring in bright reds and oranges .
the desert sky filled with pinks , blues , purples , and oranges .
blatchers face was a motley of orange and gray in the firelight , shadows dancing over ugly scars .
she squirted the blue liquid sparingly across the number - pad 's surface , causing the numbers 1 6 3 and 8 to glow a slight orange .
then you could see the yellows and golds and pale oranges .
i m wearing grey tracksuit pants and a pale orange shirt that has red five written on the chest .
most are green , but one is flickering orange .
more leds flash orange and the capsule lurches like a roller coaster falling off its rails .
she looked toward the sky and noticed the orange hue .
the trees glowed and ebbed a sickly orange .
with that statement , his ai painted the smaller dragon as his primary target in red , and the secondary targets in orange .
the giant orb lit up the sand and sky with bright oranges and reds .
in fact , xander could sense that her essence was now changing to a warm orange with splashes of emerald green denoting her enthusiasm and rising faith .
peaceful blues , warm oranges , faithful emerald greens , a festive purple and pink mix , and above all else , brilliant pure light .
a warm orange had joined the festive red when the neighborly benevolence from the gladwins was shown .
the virginia skyline had an array of blues , oranges , violets , and a solitary streak of deep purple in it .
dressed now in a bright orange satin suit and a matching top hat , he had become in a trice a circus impresario .
now , this square orange tab , it 's new .
a strikingly beautiful hispanic woman in a beige armani suit stood facing the camera , holding up a microphone : ` ` while passengers now appear to be recovering from their ordeal , their fate was far from certain earlier this afternoon , when a norton widebody blew up on the runway , orange flames shooting high into the sky ... '' the tv again showed the earlier telephoto shot of the plane on the runway , with smoke billowing from under the wing .
looking up she saw his big orange work boots .
now there was only a single line on the screen , a deep , intense orange , the two orbital simulations overlapping to the last decimal place .
beta was almost at zenith , its ruddy light flooding the landscape to an unusual orange as the brilliant rays of setting gamma died .
to the west , another half sector , exposed to lagrange ii alone , shone in the warn orange red of an earthly sunset .
one blue green , one red orange .
there was a smeared orange one some fifteen feet away and a denser blue one in the same direction but only five feet away .
he was painted a reflective jet - black , with eyes that glowed a deep orange .
his eyes glowed a deep , burning orange that seemed to make his personality all the more intense .
it slowed to a halt outside a cheerful - looking portable building , a bright orange hemisphere about ten meters high and twenty across .
all he sensed before him were clouds , white - not , quite white - off - white - a slight golden - orange cast - and all turned to gray - and he was drowning .
at the same time , a brilliant light suffused the room , bearing the same faint orange tinge that the sun itself had .
` ` luck , harry , '' bob mumbled , and the glittering orange lights in the skull 's eye sockets dimmed completely .
fires and emergency lights painted the dust orange and red and blue .
those odd orange flecks in the crone 's eyes .
rebecca , seeing the violence in eyes that glared orange at her , shrank into herself .
birds nested in them and the morning was bright with flitting spots of red and orange - orioles , tanagers .
low and with beginning flecks of orange in the eyes .
out of her chair , eyes blazing orange .
a standard bene gesserit cot had been covered with a bright orange and umber spread .
silvery blue above the orange went darker overhead .
better to let eyes absorb this transient beauty ; better to permit ears and skin to feel sudden stillness descend upon this land in the quick darkness after the orange vanished .
the orange subsided from dama 's eyes , but she still was disturbed .
no orange in her eyes .
a small return of orange in logno 's eyes .
this was delivered with scathing vocal control , a tone that brought orange to logno 's eyes but held her motionless .
the sun held a deep orange glow from intervening dust clouds , a color as rich as the rim of a worm 's mouth .
he heard it before he saw it , turned eastward where the earthshaking susurration made the air tremble , waited for the first glimpse of orange from the mouth rising out of the sand .
sunset painted orange on his forehead .
twelve legs ... and bright orange .
and then one of them flickered into a shade of its usual orange , then immediately back to cold blue .
and then the dinosaur i 'd summoned plunged through the clouds of wild spirits and headed directly for kumori , her eyes blazing with brilliant orange flames .
one of the two surviving cameras exploded into fire , bluish flames rising up from out of the casing , and heavy power outlets along the walls started spitting orange and green sparks .
i felt a tiny surge of energy flowing out of me , and the candle danced to life , lighting my apartment in dim , soft orange .
she stirred through the ashes until she found some glowing orange - red , and then began adding wood to the fire from the old iron hod beside the fireplace .
not unless bears can somehow get an extra pair of eyes , right over the first set , one pair glowing with faint orange light and one with green .
she was wearing a pink dress with a clashing orange sweater and bright purple shoes and a red coat .
a triangular section three feet across fell down into the car , and the edges of the metal glowed dull orange with the heat of the parted steel .
and , everywhere , the flat orange luminosity of the sun .
the stained - glass flower , in gaudy orange and purple .
in his mind , sanders saw the stained - glass flower , in bright orange and purple and yellow .
they formed a moving design of gray robes , black robes , orange robes - all arrayed in a deceptively random way around the transparent tank where the steersman - ambassador swam in his orange gas .
behind the throne , draperies cascaded in burnt orange , curried gold of dune earth , and cinnamon flecks of melange .
i asked them - the gardeners , that is - to find me some orange ones , because i so adore orange , but so far all they found were some ghastly yellow ones .
the box contained several bales of cloth - all of which were a sickeningly bright orange .
the idiot kaloo sat inside , dressed in a montage of garish reds and oranges .
a mottled orange glow fell over daneel 's impassive face .
it was early afternoon at the citadel , but the only light in his chamber came from the random drifting of a few suspensorborne glowglobes tuned into low orange .
there were more glowglobes , tuned now into the deep orange .
you ' ve read your orange catholic bible , thus you know the story of eve and the apple .
it floated low to the horizon , faded a dim orange by a recent storm .
dawn light edged the guest house roof with orange above the majordomo .
he did not use the flint and steel until the remains of the day were only the fugitive heat in the ground beneath him and a sardonic orange line on the monochrome western horizon .
she could not tear her gaze away from the reflections of lambent orange flames within the creature .
the doctor 's eyes were concealed by a glistening orange cover that hid their true color .
he obeyed , seeing little flecks of orange drifting in across the whites .
again , the orange flecks danced in her eyes .
` ` muzzafar , '' she said , the orange receding from her eyes , ` ` bring the honored matre who has been chosen to mark our bashar . ''
and perhaps he was wrong about one thing : perhaps they no longer remembered what it had been like before the awful transformation of that strange tart - smelling stimulant that painted orange in their eyes .
the sun shone in a sky without any clouds , but a grainy haze darkened the light to an orange glow , surreal and otherworldly .
the dark amber liquid within the ring glowed bright orange , filling the lab with light .
he saw a half - dozen orange life vests hanging on the wall , several rolls of wire - mesh fencing , some coils of rope , and twob ig rubber cubes sitting on the floor .
somewhere behind them they heard explosions , and then ahead they saw another helicopter wheeling through the mist over the visitor center , and a moment later the building burst in a bright orange fireball , and lex began to cry , and ellie put her arm around her and tried to get her not to look .
red most likely would launch them , so she hit an orange button in the center of the console .
once you 're in it and you hit the magic orange button that you so nicely discovered , it takes care of everything for you .
any doubt about his intent was laid to rest by the bright orange targeting dot hovering right between her br**sts .
and by his ornate orange and yellow robes , she could tell he was an aristo with a lot of money and power .
then this odd guy , dressed in an outlandish orange getup dismissed him and asked who i was and why i wanted to see you . ''
the sky was blue with a hint of that burnt orange that had haunted the atmosphere since the devastating sun flares had struck without much warning .
the transvice glistened with shine and , now charged , put out a faint orange glow .
an orange .
by thomas 's wristwatch , the cranks had only been gone an hour when the sky turned a purplish orange and the intense glare of the sun started to melt away into a more pleasant glow .
thomas followed the sound of brenda 's footsteps until they reached a small doorway , through which shone a glow of orange .
even before he got there , he could read the words printed on the ribbon , black on orange .
a perfectly rounded protrusion or growth , maybe four inches in diameter , glowing bright orange .
and on the knee , another one of those impossible orange spheres of light , seemingly growing right out of its skin .
a few minutes went by in silence as they stared at the vanishing light of day , the sky and water going from orange to pink to purple , then dark blue .
there was an orange glow coming from within that felt warm and cozy .
michael and sarah had barely rounded the first bend of the corridor when he saw a bright orange glow .
michael spun just in time to see a spout of molten rock shoot from the pool , a perfect pillar of fiery orange death , headed directly at sarah .
chapter 015 at sunset , the titanium cube that housed biogen research shimmered with a blinding red glare , and bathed the adjacent parking lot in a dark orange color .
a puffer fish withlloyds tsb group in black lettering swam over convoluted heads of brain coral , withscottish power printed along the ridges in orange .
it sparkled underfoot as i walked , catching the orange glow of streetlights .
outside dick 's bar , the streetlights wore coronas of orange , and the glassphalt shimmered like sugar crystals on top of lemon meringue pie .
it was dark now , the room glowing with dim orange from distant jersey streetlights , accented by a bluish strip of night - light from under the bathroom door .
the orange tape was up , the transport squad was here - the site was secured .
the sun was already below the horizon , but the sky was a bright orange , fading into purple and then dark blue .
the orange was gone from the sky .
we passed under one of the hotel 's emergency light fixtures , its floodlights only dim orange rings in the murk until my amulet 's light burned the shadows away .
faint orange lights flickered in the sockets .
over the tall buildings the sky swirls with orange and red , true titian , a feature of the unique atmosphere .
she hands us an orange card .
* * * chapter 36 jael spins and fires , a ruddy orange cone jetting from his weapon .
i ' m not surprised when an orange glow encompasses her chair .
even at this remove , i see the streaks of gold and orange , flashes of red that make it so spectacular from the ground .
they ' ve changed the chairs in the foyer since i was here last - no more bright orange .
and somewhere in this blood orange glow , vel is alone and grieving .
the enemy hits our mines and explodes in a bright orange ball .
the lock fell to the floor , its cleanly severed steel glowing dull orange at the edges .
her breasts were small and up - tilted ; her hair was curly and short , a halo of dark orange - the latest color style - around her slim neck and finely - cut features .
` ` this orange is the sun .
he 'd seen flight recorders before ; they were long rectangular metal boxes , reminiscent of safe - deposit boxes , painted red or bright orange .
he saw mile after mile of eroded desert landscape , cliffs brown with streaks of orange and red .
she was listening to a man dressed in robes of burnt orange and white , the kharbranthian royal colors .
his open , kindly face seemed very concerned , and he wore a squat , cylindrical hat that matched the orange and white of his robes .
the men wore dark , masculine colors : maroon , navy , forest green , deep burnt orange .
that set afire the wound in his side , and the painspren scampered across the ground , latching on to kal 's side , looking like an orange scar as they fed on kal 's agony .
` ` after that , keep to the orange . ''
it was steaming peppered chicken , cut in medallions and laid atop fried round slices of tenem , a soft , light orange vegetable .
the elderly king of kharbranth was standing in the doorway , wearing magnificent orange and white robes with detailed embroidery .
most of the women sat up excitedly as they saw king taravangian , with his orange robes and kindly , aged air .
for once he wished he had intoxicating violet instead of orange .
not even a burnt orange , but a blatant , eye - breaking orange .
not even a burnt orange , but a blatant , eye - breaking orange .
painspren wiggled out of the ground , sinewy and orange .
all kaladin could see was a churning mess of men in orange and the occasional bit of forest green .
a beautiful orange butterfly of startling size flew past his wide eyes .
beneath the old cheap man 's empty orange stare oy said no more ; had , in fact , found a dream within his dream , and here also jake went with him .
and then , for absolutely no reason she could understand , she took the positronics magnet away and replaced it with an orange slice .
two bill took them in his fine orange plow to a lonely quonset hut with a faded sign out front reading federal outpost amp ; tower watch travel beyond this point is forbidden !
each time he expected to see the spider with the red mark on its belly bearing down on him and saw nothing but the hobs , dancing orange in the distance .
eight at last , as the descending sun began to take on its first hues of orange and roland felt he could stand it no longer , patrick put his pencil aside and held the pad out to roland , frowning .
twelve the shadow of the pyramid 's tip had come to touch the road ; now the sky in the west changed from the orange of a reaptide bonfire to that cauldron of blood roland had seen in his dreams ever since childhood .
my starburst , already culled of the orange .
once i ' m dressed , i help nugget with his orange suit , the boots , the rubber gloves , the mask , and the hood .
crouching in the pedestrian entrance to the garage , i point at the building across the street glowing orange in the firelight .
there was a sudden , concussive whump and a flash of orange from the harbor , then a roil of black smoke .
both were dressed in the loose , pajamalike gi of the hylighter lodge : durable cotton , dusky orange that represented the color of hylighters , their spirit guides .
it tucked the flying fish upside - down against its great orange belly .
sunlight through their sail membranes made them glow a dusky orange , and even this far away she could make out the delicate webwork of their veins .
today , she wore the orange with black trim of special services , but without a brassard to indicate the branch .
more explosive attacks came from directly in front of them , flashes of orange in the jungle beyond the plain .
he could not hear the battle , but explosive orange blossoms told him the fighting continued .
andolini stood in the golden sunset light that was slowly turning furnace orange and continued to look serene and continued to say nothing at all .
he can hear the snap and pop of twigs , can see the faint orange flicker of a campfire .
she remembered putting the plate carefully down on the gravelly ground and then starting to step on it and stopping , remembered taking off her plain cotton panties and putting them into the pocket where the plate had been , and then carefully slipping the first finger of her left hand carefully against the cut in her at the place where old stupid god had joined her and all other girls and women imperfectly , but something about that place must be right , because she remembered the jolt , remembered wanting to press , remembered not pressing , remembered how delicious her vagina had been naked , without the cotton panties in the way of it and the world , and she had not pressed , not until her shoe pressed , her black patent leather shoe , not until her shoe pressed down on the plate , then she pressed on the cut with her finger the way she was pressing on the blue woman 's forspecial china plate with her foot , she remembered the way the black patent leather shoe covered the delicate blue webbing on the edge of the plate , she remembered the press , yes , she remembered pressing in the drawers , pressing with finger and foot , remembered the delicious promise of finger and cut , remembered that when the plate snapped with a bitter brittle snap a similar brittle pleasure had skewered upward from that cut into her guts like an arrow , she remembered the cry which had broken from her lips , an unpleasant cawing like the sound of a crow scared up from a cornpatch , she could remember staring dully at the fragments of the plate and then taking the plain white cotton panties slowly out of her dress pocket and putting them on again , step - ins , so she had heard them called in some time unhoused in memory and drifting loose like turves on a flood - tide , step - ins , good , because first you stepped out to do your business and then you stepped back in , first one shiny patent leather shoe and then the other , good , panties were good , she could remember drawing them up her legs so clearly , drawing them past her knees , a scab on the left one almost ready to fall off and leave clean pink new babyskin , yes , she could remember so clearly it might not have been a week ago or yesterday but only one single moment ago , she could remember how the waistband had reached the hem of her party dress , the clear contrast of white cotton against brown skin , like cream , yes , like that , cream from a pitcher caught suspended over coffee , the texture , the panties disappearing under the hem of the dress , except then the dress was burnt orange and the panties were not going up but down but they were still white but not cotton , they were nylon , cheap see - through nylon panties , cheap in more ways than one , and she remembered stepping out of them , she remembered how they glimmered on the floormat of the ' 46 dodge desoto , yes , how white they were , how cheap they were , not anything dignified like underwear but cheap panties , the girl was cheap and it was good to be cheap , good to be on sale , to be on the block not even like a whore but like a good breedsow ; she remembered no round china plate but the round white face of a boy , some surprised drunk fraternity boy , he was no china plate but his face was as round as the blue woman 's china plate had been , and there was webbing on his cheeks , and this webbing looked as blue as the webbing on the blue woman 's forspecial china plate had been , but that was only because the neon was red , the neon was garish , in the dark the neon from the roadhouse sign made the spreading blood from the places on his cheeks where she had clawed him look blue , and he had said why did youwhy did you why did you do , and then he unrolled the window so he could get his face outside to puke and she remembered hearing dodie stevens on the jukebox , singing about tan shoes with pink shoelaces and a big panama with a purple hatband , she remembered the sound of his puking was like gravel in a cement mixer , and his penis , which moments before had been a livid exclamation point rising from the tufted tangle of his pubic hair , was collapsing into a weak white question mark ; she remembered the hoarse gravel sounds of his vomiting stopped and then started again and she thought well i guess he ai n't made enough to lay this foundation yet and laughing and pressing her finger ( which now came equipped with a long shaped nail ) against her vagina which was bare but no longer bare because it was overgrown with its own coarse briared tangle , and there had been the same brittle breaking snap inside her , and it was still as much pain as it was pleasure ( but better , far better , than nothing at all ) , and then he was grabbing blindly for her and saying in a hurt breaking tone oh you goddamned nigger cunt and she went on laughing just the same , dodging him easily and snatching up her panties and opening the door on her side of the car , feeling the last blind thud of his fingers on the back of her blouse as she ran into a may night that was redolent of early honeysuckle , red - pink neon light stuttering off the gravel of some postwar parking lot , stuffing her panties , her cheap slick nylon panties not into the pocket of her dress but into a purse jumbled with a teenager 's cheerful conglomeration of cosmetics , she was running , the light was stuttering , and then she was twenty - three and it was not panties but a rayon scarf , and she was casually slipping it into her purse as she walked along a counter in the nice notions section of macy'sda scarf which sold at that time for $ 1.99 .
they were a gaming board of colors in the giant room , the hue of each uniform coded to its wearer 's duties - red patches of flitter pilots , the motley orange and black of shooting crewmen , green of story continuity , yellow of servicing and repair , purple of acting and white of wardrobe , and here and there the black punctuation marks of manipulators , subdirectors .
the lights cast an orange glow against low hanging clouds .
when the sun disappeared behind the hills , night washed across the landscape abruptly ; one minute the desert was sunset orange , and then it was black .
he limped slowly past the silent steel tower , which was an oil burner ; past the huge red serpent , which was a nozzle less garden hose clumsily coiled on the floor , past the wide cushion whose case was covered with flower designs ; past the immense orange structure , which was a stack of two wooden lawn chairs ; past the great croquet mallets hanging in their racks .
he put the spear across his back , picked up the hook , and hiked across the long orange plain of the chair arm , the thread trailing behind him like a lazy serpent .
the plain around them , out to the crags about ten kilometers distant , was devoid of motion now , marked only by scattered extrusions of black rock and the stiff - leaved plants making their slow phototropic adjustments to the passage of the red - orange sun .
the giant orange bags floated in disconcerting silence , anchored by long black tendrils twining in the rocks of the hills .
it was all s ... . so bizarre , played in an orange glow of mute sunlight coming through a high layer of thin clouds .
their eyes flicked past a confrontation too brief to call recognition , but an orange glow suffused her neck and face .
their bronzed orange sails caught the wind and they tacked in unison , almost escorting her .
the bag was a dim orange bulk tugging gently at its tethers above him .
she stared across the small bay at the drifting orange bags , the stately way they tacked and turned , touching the cliff with their tendrils to steady themselves , avoiding their fellows .
a swarm of hylighters glowing golden orange tacked across the wind perhaps a hundred meters away , turning in unison .
they opened like flower petals expanding to reveal the gondola in their midst - orange petals and the glistening gondola .
legata held her breath , expecting the bright orange flash and concussion .
thomas leaped to the right as the rock erupted in molten orange .
something more important was indicated on the screen : a slow blossom of red - orange which had not revealed itself there before .
she caught a glimpse of bright orange that might have been a buoy .
a moment later dinah was looking up at her - except she 's not really looking , laurel thought , she ca n't really look at all - with her bare feet splayed out behind her on the orange slide .
below big sun , just ahead of the horizon , a large silhouette glowed orange in the water .
only that orange glow from one end , pale fire against the silver and blue of pandora 's sky .
a warning rocket painted the water over him bloody orange .
ceiling speakers came alive then : ` ` situation orange !
twisp bent and looked at the small orange kit .
` ` looked like an orange stripe along the cabin top , '' twisp said .
through the spray - drenched plaz ahead and to his left , brett saw a great splash of bright orange , something floating a wave out there .
brett saw it then , a fiery ascent that flamed through the cloud cover and became an orange glow on the gray until it vanished and only the clouds remained .
at 6:00 pm the sun touched the horizon and turned the western sky orange .
the new clerk 's own hair is short and kinky , dyed orange on the right and green on the left .
as the trunk latch lets go and the lid flies up , disclosing a spare tire , some old newspapers , and an orange styrofoam cooler .
with the red - orange sunlight flooding through the trees from the right , it was at least impossible to become disoriented .
the thing was a nightmare with a tawny brown coat , crooked green eyes , and a mouthful of jagged orange teeth .
the red light had faded from the air now , and all that remained was ashes of orange .
bradley came the rest of the way inside , squatting awkwardly , and sat across from richards on a splintery orange crate .
he went to the back of the room and opened a refrigerator which had a big orange radiation sign on it , and beneath , authorized personnel only .
the fire painted his cheeks with hot orange highlights and dancing shadows .
one of the lighted tubes popped in a burst of cold orange fire .
it was all exactly the same , the thorny bougainvillea in full bloom over the porches , the overgrown garden swarming with tiny white winged butterflies , the lantana with its little orange blossoms pushing through the black iron fence .
' see the tiny brown and yellow petals , mingled with the orange .
and for the first time in nine years , the color of the national threat advisory had exceeded orange .
orange or apple .
15 big jim was sitting at his son 's bedside as approaching sunset turned the day orange .
lightsong was among them , sipping on a sweet orange fruited drink with some kind of alcohol enhancement .
he tossed the orange sphere up and down ; then - not paying attention to where he was throwing - he tossed it out onto the field .
` ` i have to have the lights on or i get the fear i ' m having intercourse with a thing made out of strings and piano wire and my grandmother 's old orange quilt . ''
a sharply defined orange crosslight from windows in the next room stretched his shadow beside him like something lifeless from the night .
he felt metal touch his forehead , saw the orange glow of a raygen beam stab past his face .
she turned to face me , and her eyes suddenly glowed with orange and amber and scarlet flickers of hellfire .
the runes and sigils on my staff erupted into smoldering orange hellfire .
the fire painted warm orange highlights along her thighs ; black circles of shadow in the tender folds behind her knees .
kimba rimer 's skeletal frame was all but buried in a gray serape lit with faint bands of orange .
wagons filled with squashes clogged the roads ; bright orange drifts of pumpkins and bright magenta drifts of sharproot lay against the sides of barns .
the green and the orange are reputed to be in lud and dis , respectively .
the room flickered with mild orange lamplight .
from the blazing citgo oilpatch a great red - orange fireball rose lazily into the black of night , faded , disappeared .
olive went off the gelding head over boots , with a black hole in the orange stripe of her serape - the stripe which lay above her heart .
she threw back her head and cackled , the straggling remains of her broomstraw hair flying out orange in the light of the bloated moon .
nothing burned in its darkness now except for one baleful orange spark - the tiny reflection of the rising demon moon .
streaming out they made a fine show , especially carried by the yellow reapers to either side of requiescat 's orange and red .
there was a faint orange glow of coming sunrise in the distance , to the west ; and then he raised his head again realizing that was quite impossible .
she patted excidium , who looked rather smug with two epaulettes of deep fire orange , to match the edges of his massive wings .
his beard was all colors , a grove of trees in autumn , deep brown and fire orange and wine red , an untrimmed tangle across the lower half of his face .
on the floor beside the men was a brooch of glittering silver ; a crimson - orange - banded stone , held in place with claws and with snake heads , and the expression on the snake heads was one of triumph and avarice and satisfaction .
i could see orange trees and lemon trees , and purple flowers and waxen white blooms .
her eyes were a startling orange .
mr . croup ran a hand through his lank orange hair .
he had lank , greasy hair , of an unlikely orange color , and a pallid complexion ; as richard opened the door , he smiled , widely , and just a fraction too late , with teeth that looked like an accident in a graveyard .
mr . vandemar had obtained from somewhere a centipede - a reddish orange creature , almost eight inches long , with vicious , poisonous fangs - and was letting it run over his hands , watching it as it twined between his fingers , vanished up one sleeve , appeared a minute later out of the other .
he had found a large black slug with a bright orange underbelly , and he was chewing it , like a fat cigar .
and then the doors closed , and the train moved away , and richard found himself staring at a sign which , no matter how many times he blinked - nor even if he looked away from it and looked back suddenly to take it by surprise - still obstinately persisted in saying : british museum eight it was early evening , and the cloudless sky was transmuting from royal blue to a deep violet , with a smudge of fire orange and lime green over paddington , four miles to the west , where , from old bailey 's perspective anyway , the sun had recently set .
richard squinted his eyes , and turned his head away from the glare , all vicious orange and retinal purple .
they sat in the living room at the front of the house with the lights dimmed , and the log burning on the bed of coals cast flickering orange and yellow light about the room .
brightly lit by rising beta andromedae , the slack orange line traced fantastic loops and whorls against the still - dark planet they orbited .
his blood is a kind of day - glo orange , and as it drips from his hand onto the table it sizzles and burns the wood like acid .
temeraire beat urgently towards them as lily raised her wings and flared them out a little : the brilliant orange and purple would have warned any european beast , and their immense wingspan , but it was no surprise if the japanese dragon did not recognize her as a longwing , or did not know what that meant ; and she was not a third his size .
junichiro had turned aside abruptly , near the dawn , and led laurence down a narrow barely marked trail to their present resting place : overshadowed by a great standing gate , two enormous pillars joined by bars painted in an orange now faded and peeling .
the sun was setting at the far end , throwing an orange beam across a flat and level plain of water placid as glass , with scarcely a wave to be seen : broad gentle ripples only coming in to shore , nearly silent .
blood was wet and sticky upon his arm and on his fingers , and the orange glow of torchlight played from behind his back and over the corridor walls , leaping like a bonfire .
a deep red - orange glow rose against the sky ahead of them ; the wind had grown stronger yet again .
the lizard puffed its neck out into a bright orange balloon .
he could see the sunrise beginning , a huge blood orange of a morning sun surrounded by gray clouds tinged with scarlet .
the sun had sunk until it was level with the path , and it burned a deep orange .
a spec of orange ?
the sweet orange elixir .
at the top of the cage , what had been a faint orange glow became a red ember , and the monkeys settled down a bit .
the setting sun burned red and orange above the mediterranean .
a flower of orange and red , blooming at the top of the water , expanding , receding , like a time - lapse photo .
it was difficult to search , full of gym clothes , an orange towel , a pack of playing cards that had fallen loose , and scattered loose change for the video - game machine .
hues of orange and crimson rippled across the blue skies .
a flutter of orange , a tent , flapped up in the gale .
the characteristic orange and red box lay near the sub 's nose .
brilliant hues glowed from the hearts of the caldrons : fiery oranges , magentas , dark roses .
farther down the trail , a section of shadow lurched toward him , a sleek mirage of dappled fur , black on orange .
the western sky was aglow with a mix of reds , oranges , and splashes of deep indigo .
the sun had set , but the western sky still glowed a rosy orange .
the sun had set , but the western skies still glowed a deep orange .
just one more ... she shook a single orange pill into her palm .
the tunnel behind him flashed with a dull orange glow .
gray spotted a flickering orange glow in the night sky .
the woman appeared to be of mixed indian blood , dressed in a long sari wrap of muted oranges and rose silk , draped over which was a long ebony braid .
below their perch , the hot engine of their sno - cat glowed a soft orange .
overhead , the sun was a dull orange blur .
she 'd fled from white through orange to yellow .
he had originally bought the used car for his kid brother , back when duncan believed his future was a spinning orange ball .
looking for an opportunity to escape , holden pointed at naomi across the room and said , ` ` excuse me , i- '' santichai cut him off with a curt wave of one hand that sent his loose orange robes swirling .
santichai shrugged in another swirl of orange .
the suits there were safety orange and green , made to be visible to rescuers .
the crate controls that would shut the magnets off showed the orange glow of a full seal ten centimeters beyond his reach .
her gray hair was spiking out in all directions , and the orange sari she wore hung strangely in the low thrust gravity .
the hall was wide and low , the dull orange emergency lights filling the passage with shadows and leaching the color out of everything .
a small , old , dark - skinned woman in an orange sari appeared on the screen , leaning forward and listening to an interviewer 's question with an expression of polite contempt .
a man in a small group of men and women in loose orange robes raised his hand , waving at them .
they found alexi knee deep in one of the water treatment baths , orange rubber waders clinging to his legs and his hands full of thick green kelp .
his hair had seemed brighter , the orange like something from a coral reef .
helpless to do anything about it , holden watched the orange dot that meant all their deaths creeping ever closer to the fleeing rocinante .
watching the rapidly approaching orange dot out of the corner of his eye , he built a navigational package for alex that would take them at high speed to the ring , then spin them for a massive and almost suicidally dangerous deceleration burn just before they went in .
the monitors were set to a tactical display , earth in blue , mars in red , the behemoth in orange , and the artifact at the center of the sphere in a deep forest green .
the saavin system floated in the air above the display panel , tiny colored balls representing the various planets rotating around a bright orange star .
two blobs of dull orange appeared in the schematic .
but the pilots in their dirty orange jumpsuits all waved cheerfully enough as han brought the falcon gently down beside them .
scarlet asked , staring down at the planet 's core as it shifted from dull red to a brighter orange .
the core below shifted from orange to yellow , and the platform shook more vigorously .
she knew it was a little too small , the spectrum of light from it a little slanted toward the orange , but it was familiar to her now .
in a world without moonlight , there was only the orange glow of the alien 's dying pyre and a thin silver highlight of stars .
the thing from the desert was nothing more than embers , glowing dull orange in the night but illuminating nothing .
the moon shifted colors for a moment , turning from dull red to a bright orange to yellow - white , and then back down the spectrum again , waning as suddenly as it had waxed .
on the displays , the tethers shimmered , the internal forces racing along the spider - web lines in crimson and orange and silver .
the fluorescent luminaires blurred past overhead in a river of morbid orange .
kendra marveled at the variety and vibrancy of the leaf colors : fiery reds and oranges , deep blues and purples , electric yellows and greens .
an astrid and a stunning orange fairy fell to a trio of four - armed women with spider bodies .
his skin was all shiny pinks and oranges , like burn scars .
kendra began sawing the stem of a tall orange pumpkin .
there was one , clad in orange and black with matching butterfly wings .
one in orange , the other in green .
until he could feel the fear coming off the man in orange like a stench , and could see fearspren on the ground .
the final shardbearer , wearing orange , arrived to join them , having left renarin behind .
the man grunted as adolin threw everything he had at the other shardbearer , the one in orange , slamming his weapon down again and again .
kaladin looked at relis , who glanced from the fallen green plate to the man in orange , then to kaladin .
at their feet , the armorers uncovered a set of plate , painted orange , taken from one of the men kaladin had helped defeat .
her audio input dulled to a faint , distant hum as the child of the stars speared through the wisps of clouds , and the sky turned from bright blue to blushing pink and pale orange .
a crop of palm trees in front of her glowed orange in the fluttering firelight and she heard the burst and crackle of sparks , but the noise seemed far away .
though the city had appeared bleached and sandy from afar , up close she could pick out vibrant swatches of orange and pink decorating the sides of buildings , and cobalt - blue tiles lining doorways and steps .
to the east , a cluster of skyscrapers rose up out of the earth , silver and glass and sparkling orange under the late afternoon sun .
several windows lit up with bright orange and red light as the incinerators roared to life .
when the wind is strange - gusting this way and that without purpose - great glittering particles from the north drift orange and purple and blue across the bay into ambergris .
bright orange for the gray cap .
one fire - red , the other a muted orange .
a thousand streamers rising in intense shades of red and orange .
he had shaved off his hair , and his scalp was stippled and layered in a hundred shades of blue , yellow , green , orange .
odd alliances formed under stark orange skies .
` ` i wait for that , and i wait until they get a little orange around the base of the bullet .
pointing to the black - gray nubs and jagged walls drowning in the sand and sea , suffused with the orange of sunset , he would say , ` ` those are the result of war .
` ` mary has sold her second book , '' bonmot told me one fall , the willow trees impervious to the change of seasons even as , across the street , oaks became an indignant red - and - orange , and then bald , and a strange whisper of flame spread through the city .
then it dissipated and the orange evaporated into nothing .
the sky was molten lava of pinks , oranges , and blues , a dance of delight to the eye .
it was autumn by now , and , though the arendish forest consisted largely of evergreens , there were enough groves of maple , birch , and aspen to add vivid reds , yellows , and pale oranges to the vast wood , and there was that faintly dusty smell of autumn in the air .
because it was late autumn and they were far to the north , it seemed almost that the sun was rising in the south , turning the sky above bhelliom 's escarpment a fiery orange and reaching feebly out with ruddy , low - lying light to paint the surging underbellies of the swift - scudding cloud with a brush of flame .
the blur of white light that was the god of the delphae was tinged around the edges with flickers of reddish orange , and the dusting of snow that covered the ground in the little swale above the valley of the delphae fumed tendrils of steam as it melted in the heat of his displeasure .
jodral turned and pointed south toward a huge , flickering orange glow in the sky above the low coastal hills standing between the cynesgan forces and the sea .
flickers of red , green , orange and purple , all interspersed with streaks of white , stained the azure petals of bhelliom as the troll - gods trapped within the gem fought to resist .
he turned and pointed off toward the left , where an angry orange glow stained the clouds .
sparhawk turned and pointed toward the ugly orange glow on the horizon .
thus it was that the sun , low on the eastern horizon , shone on the underside of the clouds and stained them an angry reddish orange with its light .
it was streaked with pale orange and milky white in alternating stripes banded closely together , and it was now stained with the wavering blue light emanating from the orb .
the fog was illuminated by a sooty orange color .
the sledge struck fiery sparks from the demon 's body , sullen orange sparks that sizzled and jumped on the ground like burning roaches .
` ` i do n't really mind what they 're doing , garion , '' he said , idly stroking the head of an orange kitten who lay purring in his lap .
satisfied , the cat jumped down , caught the orange kitten , and began to bathe it , holding it down with one paw .
a blowzy young woman with frizzy orange hair and a pockmarked face leaned out of a second - story window , calling to passersby in a voice she tried to make seductive , but which garion found to be merely coarse .
` ` ` ` the bond between church and state here in cthol murgos is well known , '' sadi noted as they entered a broad square where flaring torches painted the sides of nearby buildings a smoky orange .
they reached kadach at the end of a gloomy day when the sunset was staining the clouds to the west with an orange glow much like that of a distant forest fire .
at a corner beneath a misty orange torch , a ragged beggar sat against a wall .
once he was past the square , the streets were dark and empty again , with guttering torches hissing in the rain at intersections and casting their dim , sooty orange glow .
he wore a satin doublet of a faded orange colour , spotted and stained down the front , and he held a silver tankard in one beefy hand .
it sputtered there for a moment or two , and then bluish - coloured flame ran quickly up to the ridgepole , turning sooty orange first , then bright yellow as the flames began to spread .
suddenly garion heard a roaring in his mind - a sound that had a peculiar echo to it - and the shield of force surrounding aunt pol shimmered with an ugly orange glow .
chapter five the fire had burned down to a tiny orange flicker outside the tent , and the forest around the clearing was silent .
they were each the size of a large cherry , and in a variety of unusual colors : pastel pink , robin 's egg , daffodil , mint , and iced orange .
a faint mist lingered down one of the paths , and down another , tiny winking lights of pink , green , blue , and orange beckoned like little fairies .
lights from fires made the space above the front yard glow orange .
off in the distance , in the dawning light of the day , i could just barely make out a bright orange , wiggling flag coming down the highway towards us .
the sinking sun painted a splash of orange across the thin clouds in the sky , and a salt - tinged breeze washed across aristotle .
they stood in a circle , the sky above them fading from orange to purple , four right hands clinging to the infinity ring in the middle of their group .
the blood orange had left a blotchy red stain on the silk .
the fire in the hearth gave a somber orange cast to his skin and put deep shadows in the hollows of his eyes .
huge orange gouts of fire unfurled their banners in that hellish wind , the logs hissing and cracking , glowing cinders rising on the smoke to float away into the dark like so many newborn fireflies .
the flames writhed before her like the women who had danced at her wedding , whirling and singing and spinning their yellow and orange and crimson veils , fearsome to behold , yet lovely , so lovely , alive with heat .
arya saw a tree consumed , the flames creeping across its branches until it stood against the night in robes of living orange .
hot pie scuttled back inside , abandoning them ... but gendry came back , the fire shining so bright on his polished helm that the horns seemed to glow orange .
lady donella hornwood brought no tail of knights and retainers ; only herself , and six tired men - at - arms with a moosehead badge on their dusty orange livery .
as well catelyn spied the fox - and - flowers of house florent , fossoway apples red and green , lord tarly 's striding huntsman , oak leaves for oakheart , cranes for crane , a cloud of black - and - orange butterflies for the mullendores .
torchlight ran along its edge , a thin orange line that spoke of razor sharpness .
the firemage had conjured a ladder in the air , a crackling orange ladder of swirling flame that rose unsupported from the floor of the bazaar , reaching toward the high latticed roof .
a deep orange glow shone through the high windows .
a mouth descended on one eye , licking , sucking , biting ... then indigo turned to orange , and whispers turned to screams .
the ranger moved his head to the left , and the two of them crawled along the shelf three hundred yards or more , until they could see the dull orange glow beyond the lip of the cliff .
there was only the one grenn carried , the flames rising from it like pale orange silks .
` ` swiftly , '' ser brynden said , he nocked an arrow , held it steady for the brand , drew and released before catelyn was quite sure that the fire had caught ... but as the shot rose , she saw the flames trailing through the air , a pale orange pennon .
an iron brazier stood beside the king , its coals glowing a ruddy orange .
` ` a red sun on orange , '' he called , ` ` with a spear through its back . ''
he twisted his neck around , looking for his knife , and saw a dull orange glow .
only ember and ashes remained , but still ... he could not breathe , or think ... sam wrenched himself sideways , pulling paul with him ... his arms flailed against the dirt floor , groping , reaching , scattering the ashes , until at last they found something hot ... a chunk of charred wood , smouldering red and orange within the black ... his fingers closed around it , and he smashed it into paul 's mouth , so hard he felt teeth shatter .
he stood barrelchested and bandy - legged , the firelight washing his face like a monstrous orange tongue .
behind it sat stout lord mace tyrell in a gold mantle over green , and slender prince oberyn martell in flowing robes of striped orange , yellow , and scarlet .
for a heartbeat it flamed brighter than a star , wreathed in red and gold and orange , its wings beating wildly at the air as if it could fly from the pain .
when he pulled down on it , there was a soft rumble that sounded loud as an avalanche in the stillness , and a square of dull orange light opened a foot to his left .
steel scraped against wood and leather , and radiance filled the solar ; shimmering , shifting , a dance of gold and orange and red light , all the bright colors of fire .
he remembered the sullen orange glow of the coals in the iron dragon 's mouth .
in half a heartbeat its interior was alive with light , red , yellow , orange ... and green , an ominous dark green , the color of bile and jade and pyromancer 's piss .
his hand drifted down to brush lightly over the hilt on the longsword that hung half - hidden amongst the folds of his layered linen robes , the outer with its turquoise stripes and rows of golden suns , and the lighter orange one beneath .
darkness gathered beyond the walls , but inside the torches burned with a ruddy orange glow , and their smoke gathered under the rafters like a grey cloud .
a dirty orange cat came padding after her , drawn by the sound of her call .
` ` the bears danced and the bells rang , and the prince wore red and gold and orange .
at the gate a dim orange glow shone through the bars where the guards had taken refuge from the wind .
on his belly , clawing at the snow , he glimpsed the trees above , pale and snow - cloaked , the orange glow between .
the acolytes were clad in robes of pale yellow and bright orange , priests and priestesses in red .
` ` a cruel cold out there , m'lord , '' warned mully through his tangled orange beard .
melisandre knew a few by name : the cook three - finger hobb , mully with his greasy orange hair , the dim - witted boy called owen the oaf , the drunkard septon celladar .
she could see the shapes of other tents and lean - tos and the fuzzy orange glow of the beacon fire burning atop the watchtower , but not the tower itself .
men had a different smell than women , and there was a hint of orange in the air as well .
viserion replied , his own flames gold and orange .
asha could see the beacon fire burning atop the watchtower , a faint orange glow floating in the air .
his head snapped round , and from between his jaws a lance of flame erupted , a swirling storm of orange - and - yellow fire shot through with veins of green .
the gold flecks in her eyes shine in the lantern 's orange glow .
finally , when the sunset bathes my apartment in orange and gold , i break out of my trance .
then the plunge into pitch dark , not unlike the first last time , and whispering to megan to watch out for rat guts , and then into the lobby , where the boys who brought me to this party hung by the front doors , their bodies silhouetted in the dusky orange glow of the burning chopper .
the white blossoms of an orange tree trembled and glowed in the darkness .
the guy , or woman , or whatever , was wearing bright safety orange , easy to see , and maybe some kind of clear plastic helmet , and i thought , radiation suit ?
the sun holds on a little tighter to the day , and has to be dragged down screaming , with a kind of angry beauty that makes the sky burn away into pinks and oranges and violets .
i flashed them on and off and on , and that 's when i saw someone in the dull orange glow .
i ' m ... glad she had someone with her while we were apart , '' she said , and j.lo 's face went a little orange .
i threw a cast iron lid on the burner and waited for it to glow orange .
you shall have insight to some of the inner working of elf spy network - one of the best spy networks in the world krampus said even lord devil has nt been able to crack their secret orange code .
the sky had a beautiful hue of reddish orange , as darkness was approaching .
even through the increasingly thick smoke , i can see the flickering orange and red glow of leaping flames .
she knew it was the creature as she looked at the thick orange blood that dripped on the floor .
he held up the neon orange tennis .
she was running through a forest with the sky lit once again red - orange .
a pale orange glow wavered across marius 's skin .
the first colors of evening streaked across the sky ; deep orange mixed with faint purple .
a thin orange laser shot from the tip of her finger and shattered the truck 's driver - side window .
the room was briefly illuminated by a brilliant orange burst and one of the guards screamed .
inside , on the front seat , is a burnt orange backpack .
i m about to start rummaging through them when i notice a burnt orange backpack against the far wall with the rest of the employee belongings .
under her orange t - shirt , she wears skintight black shorts that extend almost to her knees .
otherwise , shed have dressed for dinner in something besides her too - tight orange t - shirt .
rya is veiled orange with the poison of battle .
a fierce orange moon and snowflake stars glittered coldly down at her from the sky like hundreds of searching eyes .
in the starlight , his dark pelt shined like a brand of fire , reflecting the glare of the full orange moon above him .
red ponytailed five feet and eight - inched vovina sits properly with her manicured bright orange painted finger nails holding her hands gathered into her lap of a pretty fluffy yellow , blue , and orange circular skirt .
she flutters her maracased - eyelashes once then twice against the blue and orange eye shadow , moving a pair of orange - painted lips in her alto clarinet sweet tone .
i like using the color orange on my lips with a reddish - brown tint on my cheeks , and finally i draw my eye sockets with a set of black thin lines surrounded by green , gold , and brown .
they both spot the canopy , camp , and clearing composed of limestone chair - sized boulders , stomped knee - high grasslands , and a secret overhang of rock ledge where the bandit protect the tubal glass colors of one medium navy blue , and two large tubes of midnight black and bright orange .
the boys get the bright flaming orange since they are the big brave targets for our enemies protecting the inferior sex from harm .
vovina twists her orange lips , ugly then agrees .
taffy leads as bandit leader wearing long - sleeved blood red leather jacket covering her shoulders down to her kneecaps paired with bright neon orange leather thick leggings for comfort and protection as she prepares to fight to the death against the rough riders stomping elegantly in her thigh - high orange laced leather boots .
i slowly trot up the thirteen orange brick steps in cowgirl boots , while twisting my lips , right up into my nostril , noting the front door is unlocked .
a typical interior compartment houses 53 - people , who can relax upon sets of soft cushioned - covered fabric orange chairs , while the seat drops to a reclining position for sleeping or upright for viewing any hologram tv screen on the wall console .
from my bedroom window , i prettily see the phantom lights of a hunts - bama biosphere as the orange and green colors mix into bright red , streaming like a flashlight beam up into an orange sky from the 158 - miles long by 256 - miles wide glass dome .
i bravely stumble into the grand orange room littered with dozens of nicely decorated yellow tables and hundreds of citizens , who stand , trot , and talk with their neighbor .
citizens plant like a batch of wildflowers in series of six u - shaped rows around the orange - painted walls of the auditorium .
he wears the same outfit , a floor - length white robe , sandaled feet , dragging a long leash of a big overgrown orange animal that snort green snot from nostrils and grunts yellow spit from black lips .
it shines a piercing whit beam over all the pretty flowers , flat rocks , and new plants , displaying a glittering color of hot pink , flaring red , burning yellow , fiery blue , and burnt orange , a beautiful sight to behold .
dirk grins as rita strolls from the entrance archway in an orange jumpsuit and annoys my eardrums and eyeballs .
rita rises from the big orange chair in her spiffy orange jumpsuit along with her arms in a v - pattern , strolling to the single black comfone at the throat - high podium .
i observe , monitor , and watch citizens viciously die from every beautiful release of an assortment of colored maser bombs and beams totally barrage and bombard onto the hot orange sands .
i eye roll , beautifully then twist my pretty face watching the dancing orange sands of heated sahara , automatically day - dreaming about its hot sexy male master .
the beautiful reefs are built atop of a rocky outcrop on the ocean floor , exhibiting a rainbow of colors from pink , bright yellow , aqua , orange , mint , lavender , and white .
i open my eyelashes and metaphysically follow ( tele eyeballs ) the bright yellow - whitish light as the hot water splashes over my naked toe bones upon the white steamy surface as i quickly truck by a new coloring of wall that starts with orange at mouth of the cavern then the hiking path turns into chocolate - brown .
general fat and bald ira who rules the entire force of militia that composes of land , sky , and sea troopers jokes with a silly tone of baritone tuba standing besides his wife mar upon the purple stage in the bright orange auditorium .
immediately , my red blood gashes over the clean orange floor as i cringe in painful beauty .
i girly strut into the almost empty living room parking my pjs on the broken down beige sofa given to me from the first time line by old and cold king rex with one sofa foot and no legs then i down greedy the entire tangy orange bottle of fiss , smacking my sugary lips like a flapping fish then loudly burp from the tiny bubbles inside my tummy and giggle .
i pad into the familiar orange auditorium inside the familiar red building on familiar commerce by the un - familiar and new set of big ugly and rude royal honor guard units with the single satin purple sash wrapped around their neatly pressed and ironed blue uniforms as i sit in the first unoccupied seat within the crowded room .
the blood flows throughout the body into all organs , veins , tissues , and muscles as his skin glows a bright peachy orange from my alien blood as i giggle .
bo blinks his eyelids once , twice then thrice , staring studiously at the nice cultural blend of african - american , mexican , caribbean , and anglo faces while noting the tall woman who wears a sparkling orange flowing ankle - length wool dress and direct points her westchester shotgun at both bo and tina .
ill think my gray matter has turned bright orange from overexposure .
he shuffles the burnt orange - tinted stoneware on the table for two people with the accompanying blue and orange strip cloth napkins while the spoon lays on the right side for the scrambled eggs and the knife on the left for buttering the toast as he seats his plate at the head of the table with mella on his right just like the way mom instructed .
i love the brightly colored painted happy faces of red , yellow , blue , green , purple , pink , and orange covering the ceramic white .
edgar bents at his kneecaps , shifting his gun at the moving target and fires a second time , missing completely , again while alfred successfully darts like a housefly to the right as his orange fire dies in the air for a second failure then alfred shoots a third orange beam , missing edgar .
priscella and her majorette suit with the reddish - purple top and matching hot shorty shorts , white knee high boots , and silver baton wrapped in maroon ribbons ; priscella and her yellow sundress and yellow ankle - stripped high heels next to her parents : priscella and her orange short and orange sneakers hugging her boyfriend jake ; priscella and her dotted - swiss red evening gown , silver tiara and miss bama state university sash across her shoulder ; priscella and her majorette suit with the other majorettes on the football field during a football game .
there is a basket of what were probably once red apples , but they are now a light shade of orange mixed with black and are all shrivelled up .
the sun is a blinding mix of orange and pink , resembling a fire on the horizon with its bright colours .
we continued our journey but were suddenly stopped by a flagman dressed in orange standing in the road ahead of us .
black smoke and orange fire poured from the groovejet like a dragons breath , scorching the pavement and blotting out the sun .
she demonstrated by unbuttoning the top snap of her orange jumpsuit , leaning forward so her ample bosom pressed into her folded arms and let loose her best tinkling giggle .
her breath caught as dureck made contact with her orange jumpsuit .
he held up his hands and clenched his fistsusually covered in bright orange flame when there was troublebut there was no fire , just a faint orange glow on his palms .
an employee in a bright orange vest ran up to her to make sure she was alright , then helped her inside the airport and called for a doctor .
while he was passing through the coral garden , a shoal of flame angel fish swam under his feet , then whirled around him with their small orange bodies , hastily moving their fins .
they were blazed and frosted with amazing colors , pinks and creams and oranges and deep purple reds underneath .
across the alley , the featureless wall of the next building was a blacker shape in the darkness , and above them the sky was hazy and starless , tinged a dirty orange by the lights of the city .
i d be in an orange jumpsuit and handcuffs screaming , its not breaking in .
blues , greens , reds , oranges ; they all bled into each other , rushing through the light like ripples in a stream .
when liam reached the corner with the other students , he saw a small orange patch on the shoulder of one of the students .
~~~ an hour - and - a - half later , i d changed into my new orange and pink bikini , and we were racing across the lake in a twenty - five - foot stingray .
either he was crazy for thinking she looked good sporting the ut burnt orange dirt all over her body or somehow her beauty blinded him .
the setting sun painted the sky with streaks of orange and purple .
the fire orange color makes you look hotter than hell .
she looked back at the heavy brass doorknob , now a few shades lighter orange than before .
in the middle of the room , not far from where i struggled , a heavyset man , wearing shackles and an orange jumpsuit , smirked at me .
his mother still smells the same : jasmine and a funny burnt orange scent that i ' ve always liked .
the skys angled movement churned , drawing the deeper colours together into a whirling , towering spout of mauve and orange .
a wall was almost completely aglow with the orange glow of the flames .
i noticed the prison orange sleeve of his shirt and felt the coarseness of his hands .
he stayed standing there , unblinking , staring at the lifeless lump of orange on the floor .
i reached the first wall with the shelves and removed a stained orange colored book .
were on an orange alert .
trees changing into brilliant oranges , reds and yellows are the mark of autumn .
heron lakes blue water reflected the oranges , reds and yellows of the trees framing it .
darkness slowly crept in turning the sky to indigo blue mixed with fiery oranges .
the safe monotone greens gave way to the firry oranges , brilliant reds and charred browns .
deravons eyes darted around gazing through the gold and orange trees .
toby the sky looked like a blaze of oranges and reds behind lyssas house that sat quietly in the approaching darkness .
the sky was filled with blazing oranges edged in a purplish rim of the sun that had sunk past the horizon .
the eastern sky slowly began to rise with an orange glow .
her voice echoed off the opal colored walls that were fragmented with pinks , pale oranges and lavenders .
the warm light made his hair look like strands of gold thread and his usual grey eyes fill with shades of yellow and oranges .
i tilted my head up peering at the bluing sky slowly pushing the blazing colors of yellows and oranges past the horizon .
small dots of yellow lights flickered in the town and the horizon still burned with slowly fading colors of reds , gold and oranges .
they were a brilliant orange in color , and shaped similar to a teacup .
the cinders burned from a pale orange to a dark pumpkin .
farther in , she caught a flash of bright orange .
the wind also brought the scent of baal - aarsh melons , which looked like volcanic rocks on the outside but were the most intense sunset orange within .
if the sun was shrouded with cloud , the kree - eh strands appeared as nothing more than opal shimmers of mauve and orange within the oceans gray heart .
the sun is still a bright orange and the breeze so refreshing that i inhale and breathe the tension out .
the ocean sparkled orange in the setting sun .
the orange of passing streetlights illuminated the cover .
boxes of lettuce , cheese , orange juice cartons , and eggs lined the metal shelves inside .
a faint orange lined the horizon to the east .
the lights dimmed , leaving only the orange glow of the setting sun peeking in through the windows .
gasping in surprise , i found that the caterpillar was actually a large orange tabby , purring vigorously and nipping at my arm .
when i tried to move i felt the dead weight of the sleeping cat and lifted my head to look at the furry orange and white body .
it then rises toward the ceiling and disappears leaving a small orange dot behind .
i can see the orange dot growing bigger .
most notably he wore a short cape that fluttered about his form , gleaming bright orange in the light .
off to the right , perhaps a mile or so beyond the camp , was a flickering orange glow .
the sword lit up a dull orange .
the horizon was glowing in a vivid mix of orange and red , as the fire district always seemed to .
the sun was beginning to rise , casting an orange glow over the place .
it had a bright orange sticker on it .
he pulled out three orange darts and shot them at darcel .
a small orange tabby jumps down from a scratching post to chase the fake mouse .
the ground was made up of packed orange dirt and a subsequent powder that spread across the landscape .
its sky glowed a dull orange from the lights , looking like the entire place was on fire .
christopher stood at the foot of a woman sitting on a faded orange recliner .
professor pops presented me with sixteen pairs of converse in an array of shades from bright orange to teal and lime green to lemon yellow .
he stomped down the side of the mountain through leafy trees and plants , over thick , dry roots and yellow - orange flowers .
the red building holds an interior orange auditorium for royal announcements including but not limited to weddings , deaths , dances , balls , and other social events in the past alien lines , not a seventh time line .
a second orange light streaks over the zippers roof top , not directly hitting at our ship .
i turn right following the crowd and last then two - step right against a wall paper of orange as the pirate orders , sit down !
every paint chip is in place , a familiar orange auditorium with a purple stage and one golden throne chair .
he s got himself a tie - tack , a small glob of amber glowing in the sun like a miniature orange .
its agent orange , leaning across from the drivers seat to hold the passenger door open .
now i m slipping crazily across the seat , crashing first into the door then back towards agent orange .
agent orange sets down the paper bag of groceries he d picked up off the cars rear seat before we d made our way up the partially overgrown path .
grocery packs , finding out more than you d ever need to know about real gold orange base and the campbell soup co. you read the catcher in the rye .
i left just as the sun was nothing but a sliver of orange in the horizon .
the yellow - orange light from the moon made the forest glow in diffused light .
i turn to the faces around the fire , glowing a soft orange ; all shadowy eye sockets and dirty hair .
in a clearing painted orange by the days last light , they stopped .
his body was mostly a burnt orange color with some white stripes going down his side .
the bottom was a rusted orange and the rest a dark grey .
she could be perfectly respectable , but she wore a bright orange gown that she was well - nigh bursting from , and a yellow turban was perched atop her yellow hair .
it was just after dusk and the street lamps had started to illuminate the street with a strange amber orange color .
the mayor is there , and there s a table with refreshments , punch and cookies and cupcakes with orange frosting and a spider ring sticking out of each .
the doo dad is the same as ever , stale chocolate cake , sticky white cream in the middle , bright orange frosting sweet enough to make a zombie beg .
a yellow and orange glow emitted from around a slight bend , reflecting on the damp wall .
it cast a weary orange light on the walls and the ceiling .
at south cherry public park , we sat around a picnic bench adjacent to an old white chapel with a single orange , yellow , and red speckled dragon atop it .
in it sat one orange , yellow , and red speckled dragon , the stub from where his wings had been pruned jutting through the bars , nostrils flaring in panic as he pushed against the metal bars trying to get out .
i shut his curtains , but still a little light framed the edges , giving the room a slight orange glow .
terry , finally aware of orange juice spilling on his shoes , grabbed a kitchen cloth and wiped it up , but i could tell he was carefully watching faye from the corner of his eye .
the orange glow of the setting sun cast pinks and purples and oranges on the clouds above it and the waves below it .
two orange rings of fire held them together , burning her every time she tried to pry them apart .
the tree on her left suddenly caught , blazing to life as red - orange flames licked up the bark .
it barely measured a foot high , with its fur the warmest shade of orange , interrupted by periodic sharp , black stripes .
the sun was in the process of setting , casting everything under it into an orange glow .
most of them had the same golden hue as the outer wall did , with red tiles for their roofs , while other had walls of orange ( or was it red ? )
she had bought him a black leather wristband with a customized orange tua logo imprint .
reluctantly i opened my eyes and was overwhelmed by the colour orange .
it carried an orange mark on the side , although i could nt quite make it out .
plus tobias had always had a thing for the colour orange .
as they settled on a harsh orange , the picture began to speed up .
every image was bathed in orange .
he wore a grey suit , which had an orange zigzapped shape on the side , which was similar to the dual lines on the side of his tower .
the most striking feature of all was his orange trainers .
two stunningly attractive nurses then walked on to the stage , their breasts practically popping out of their far too tight and bright orange nurses uniforms .
he wore gloves that had the same double helix of orange that tobias wore on his suit .
his eyes now pulsed a dark orange colour .
she saw their eyes had an orange glow .
his eyes had returned to a dark orange .
shouted grace as she saw the eyes of the crowd flicker to a dark orange .
his eyes flickered from orange to green .
his eyes flickered back and forth to orange .
some of the pictures portrayed science experiments with students eagerly involved , while others were of a goofy nature with mr . nordell wearing a rainbow mullet wig or a ridiculous orange top hat .
her cheeks flush pink , briefly , clashing with the orange of her hair .
he s too manly for emotions and me , harley offers , her orange dusted hand rising into the air proudly .
she takes a deep breath , tucking an orange lock of hair behind her ear .
she is fixing her hair , curling the orange locks around a thick curling iron to get a nice wave .
it looks like a sunrise , the moment when the sky turns to beautiful hues of pinks and oranges ; it looks like wonder to me .
a slightly pudgy girl in a bright orange dress too small for her and too much makeup stands up .
a small building , it had the design of the first two bedroom flat i built when i first started making money ; an aluminum hip roofing and the structure was painted orange and milk color , yea it seems quite feminine but that was because it was the house i married bisola into , i wanted to impress her .
maybe he does n't mind swimming with the coffee grinds , orange rinds and hypodermic needles floating by , but she does .
it cocked its head to the side like a dog and the eyes seemed to grow even yellower , verging to the tip of orange .
i could make out a wild flickering of orange just ahead .
she pinched two small orange pills and popped them into her mouth after she was sure she was nt being watched .
the setting sun bathed the structure with an orange glow , giving it an ethereal feel .
the soft , hot light lit his face in an orange glow , his fiery hair shining .
as soon as it dispersed , his perfect blue eyes were replaced by a deep thick orange .
she was quite attractive , but very flamboyant in her orange and green attire and tight skirt .
i have water , soda , orange juice and milk .
with a fence down both sides and two long rows of liquid amber trees that were just starting to drop their orange and yellow leaves .
even though it was only the middle of september , some of the leaves on the trees were already changing colors , bringing out beautiful reds , oranges and yellows throughout town .
they leaned against the wooden railing and looked out at the sun setting over wind lake , casting everything in hues of red and orange .
orange and wheat grass shots .
bright glaring banks of overhead lights made the maroon bleachers look like the steps of a mayan temple ; the irritating orange - colored wood everywhere else made my eyes hurt .
cooooool , he drooled , its an orange thingy .
it was nt a cold night , but still a regiment of chimneys exhaled pillars of smoke as the final embers began to die down in the fire places beneath them , casting an orange glow out through windows and onto the streets .
he got to his feet and tip toed as best he could through the murky reddish brown pool toward the bright orange vegetable .
said the mouse , pulling his nose from the hole he d chewed into the side of the soft orange vegetable .
lovely ... . he said , spitting orange flecks across the plate .
around the same time that the fire was dying down to its last red hot embers and the bruising to his face had finally come through , barret quietly dressed himself and then gently doused the lantern , rendering the room to a dull orange glow .
the trees turned brilliant golds and oranges and reds .
ten dragons paced a good distance apart , across the immense field , each a different color : yellow , pale orange , dark blue , purple , green , pink , bright orange , brown , crimson , and bright blue .
the orange of the rocks at the entrance now gave way to medium gray rocks that were the texture of dragon scales .
the one with the gnomes , the one with the bird fountain , and the one that was weirdly painted bright orange like a large pumpkin .
but the soft orange color turned lurid red and then cold blue .
the morticians each dressed in an orange , germ - free environment suit opened a dozen of the hatches , revealing a coffin - shaped hole behind every one , going back into the wall .
just as the morning sun began to rise and throw my room into a rainbow of pinks , oranges , and yellows , my body began to tingle and come to life .
my orange ears pique as i turn the upper half of my body to look at the owner of the voice , who i know from experience , is none other than valdez , my boss .
it shows too as my sleek orange furred form twists almost completely around .
the colors ranged from rosy red , pale orange , and a silvery - blue .
ella could already see the sky changing color , from deep red to a fiery orange , through her tiny window .
though the color in itself was unremarkable , a baby pink with a hint of orange , the cool flavor of the wall behind it made it come alive .
she could see , against the hills , that the sky had become a riot of orange and pink , the colors blending into each other with fingers of fire .
they paused at the base of the mountain which was their destination and looked upwards at the craggy peaks above , outlined in orange and red by the setting sun .
trix cereal , milk , orange juice , and half of a waffle .
jacky had strange frizzy hair that enveloped his enormous head like a brownish orange cloud , looking as though it could just float off of his head at any time .
` ` this , '' she replied , lifting her hands and lighting them up in front of him , just close enough to dazzle him with a bright , orange glow .
the sun was beginning to rise , mixing the dark violets and blacks of the starry night sky with peaches and oranges as the early sun rose .
a hasty glance behind me revealed a cloud of black smoke spiraling upwards in the rain , and flames , the regular orange and yellow kind , roaring skywards above the roofs of the trapped cars .
occasionally , i caught him scuffing his toe in the burnt orange dirt or picking at the long grasses and twisting them in his hands as he looked off into the uninterrupted distance , seemingly unaffected by my choice of pastime .
suddenly the sky was raining fire , painting the blackness with a burnished , smoky orange glow .
the road was quiet , and the street lamps disappeared off into the distance , casting their sodium orange light in either direction for as far as i could see .
this time of year , when the leaves are just beginning to transform into a variety of yellows and oranges , is my unsurpassable favorite .
he heard a rustling from behind him and jumped in shock , but saw in the light of the great house that it was just the same orange cat from the road .
it was skittering away before it hit the floor , a streak of orange .
kaille wondered for a moment what she thought to see them holding in turn a pistol , a dagger , and an ornery orange cat .
the cat departeddisappearing down the hall in a streak of orange .
the lights flickered back to life , casting an eerie yellow - orange light down on me .
dark skeletal branches against a brilliant orange sky , the setting sun a fiery ball that balanced on the horizon like a mystical orb .
the sun was setting , sending brilliant rays of red and orange across the sky .
i give him the do i look like an orange vegetable in my exquisite get - up ?
the street lights were on , turning the patches of ice beneath them to a faint orange .
olivers face was turned in excitement , the orange flames flickering off his chin .
attentively , i watched the bright orange and yellow flames jump around until the voices in the room faded into the background .
once i reopened them , the orange glow pulsating in the woods , where the fire bird had flown sought , to prove otherwise .
brilliant orange and red colors spilled across the sky as though the sun were bleeding out as it sank behind the horizon .
it was made with linking pieces of metal , each black with dashes of orange .
there was a rush of energy , and the orange stripes on the glove shimmered as the held the dark staff in check .
half an hour later , he had another gray glove with dashes of orange in it .
his breath flowed past the little knight , and his eyes filled with small orange flames .
it stopped bouncing around , and turned a darker orange .
they had changed from orange to white .
the bright white light changed back into orange at the shutting of the cottage door .
things in orange , in green , in red and purple .
she could almost see the orange sparks shoot from her body in a fiery shower , flashing bright and deepening to a thick , bloody rage .
one soared right through the ancient vessel , striking the groaning old carcass in a blaze of triumph and sending it into a bright orange , burning burst of flames , which danced and shook in eerie figures and gestures against the cheeks of the two girls watching .
beside it were a set of bongos , a tall conga drum , and a couple of african drums painted in bright oranges , reds and browns .
my outfit is iffy , but i still ca n't wear shorts because my legs have n't faded from the burnt orange they turned when becca talked me into getting a spray tan with her last week .
a moving orange glow catches my eye from the window .
the sun was setting and the entire street was aglow in a light orange hue .
rose landed on the concrete and hit her head on the sidewalk and found herself blinking up at the streaked orange sky .
bright oranges , reds , and greens splotched the house in a colorful array of designs .
the dimming rays of sun mixed with the blue sky cast oranges , pinks , and yellows to paint the land .
each wrist and ankle had a vibrant , pulsating orange ring around them , holding declan in place .
he lowers his stick and the light dims until it is only casting a soft orange glow over the two of us .
the light in this layer is a mixture of orange and gray , and there is no sun .
the dome is a burnt orange color , and there are designs etched into the stone of the dome .
there it stayed a green haze , but here the orange has faded but the gray is still covering the sky making it not nearly as dark as a real night sky .
earl reluctantly followed dagdron to the back where there was a light orange glow .
man and beast cocked their heads toward the embankment , where a shimmering orange orb whizzed into view .
then a second orange bomb went whirring through the air , closely followed by none other than romulus himself .
viktor 's nerves screamed as romulus struck a match to the orange split and pushed it into his hand , the fuse flaring .
cappi rolled his eyes as the small boy bowed so low his orange coat and black headscarf touched the ground .
viktor looked at romulus in alarm , waiting for him to light an orange split or disappear in a cloud of blackbirds .
really he touched together the wicks of three plump orange splits .
romulus tried to dive toward one orange split , but the ground beneath him collapsed ; his legs fell back into the hole as he skidded on his stomach , scraping his nails across the ground .
viktor rolled toward the farthest orange split and hurled it at a gravestone , blasting the rock into pieces .
amidst the chaos of breaking jam jars and romani swears , viktor spotted the final orange split behind him , only feet from the hole .
if the wick 's lit , the reflection should mess with people 's vision and their minds , because after seeing an orange split , they 'll think this is an explosive too . ''
viktor fought off the urge to run , to scream , to take out an orange split from his pocket and heave it at the leopard .
a gigantic orange firework exploded above kasta way .
his hand shifted and pulled an orange split from the bag .
the weighty stone sunk into the sand , pulling the orange split under with it !
he watched the bomb fall toward him until the last moment , when he swooped his arm down to cradle the projectile 's descent and then whipped the live orange split back at them .
romulus lit an orange split and heaved it at a bog .
inspired , viktor lit an orange split and tossed it backward .
romulus wove down a path to the left and flinched as a gray tree passed : curled around one of the branches was a brownish - orange snake whose scales had an iridescent sheen , like a rainbow had wrapped around its length .
` ` look , the stuff about dimovna and the orange split is all true , and word will spread to confirm it .
he was standing there in an orange jumpsuit .
specks of orange peeked out of his long grey beard , the remnants of his lunch , his eyes as bright a green as carrot tops .
remiel 's face glowed in the soft orange firelight .
the shovel 's rusted metal scoop looked bright orange in the pale sunlight , its wooden handle soft as silk from use .
the contrast between here and lael was obvious just by the use of color : green fences , orange houses with blue roofs , and multi - colored flowers lined the walkways .
he looked like a mixed - up rubiks cube , with his red sweater decorated with reindeers , an orange coat , green corduroys , and some purple sneakers with zippers .
there : finally the liquid orange had faded to sparkles .
the face was assymmetrical ; one eye bulged orange while the other seemed miniscule in light purple .
we were in a grassy field full of neon orange and yellow wildflowers .
sunlight slanted across the room , slowly climbing over the bed , the soft orange glow turning the comforter more cream than white .
the sun had climbed during our walk and then begun to sink again , turning a deep orange that touched everything with gold .
the man was painted in oranges and reds and the woman in blues and greens .
he handed the orange stained hanky back to jen who immediately tried to conceal it from her mum .
when they reached the peak , they turned to see the sun perched on the horizon 's shelf like a ferrous orange ball .
eighteen - year - olds who might be squeezing a trigger in a foreign war like vietnam , with the cry to kill on their breath , now cried about whether a leather ball should fall through an orange ring with a white net hanging from it .
max looks down at his clothing , which consists of faded jeans and a well worn orange sweater .
tammie had struggled between choosing orange juice or orange soda for at least ten minutes before finally deciding on the juice .
aunt lulus transformation was like watching a cloudy dark day transform into a brilliant sunset with bright pinks , purples , and flaming oranges .
the sky was casting oranges , reds , pinks and yellows as the sun bade its last farewell before sinking below the tree - line far off in the distance .
they were running through the grass , the girl holding an orange orb in her hand that was flecked with black .
the suns rays had begun to peek over the horizon and casted a burning orange glow over his two passengers in the back seat .
suddenly , saras eyes opened wide and were glowing with a fiery orange light .
- table of contents - intro the moonlit hills first impressions the island ( part 1 ) california paradise follow the leader el monasterio de san jamie the kings of the pacific regime change the graveyard of the pacific origins ( part 1 ) the blood diamond the author - intro - the legendary west coast : the golden baked shores where the rocks and the sand blaze orange in the late afternoon sun .
the tile shingles were a burnt brown orange , especially when they were ignited by the setting pacific sun .
the body was a chipping metallic burnt orange and the edge was covered by a thick metal ridging crudely attached by arbitrary looking bolts and rivets .
to the west , the gradient of the sky faded into a pastel orange where the sun had finished its descent .
her hair was dyed reddish orange and her delicate facial features were decorated by a nose ring in one nostril and a small gage in both of her ears .
the sun was getting low and was casting an orange glow on the west facing stages .
the rock faces were a deep brown , baked with a slight rusty orange from the near constant sun .
she crossed the threshold and surveyed his lodging , the orange glow of the fireplace , the silver moonlight in the window .
red and yellow make the color of orange .
the dogs skin is turning into a neon bright orange from the boys red blood , says my brother .
now , the dog uprights a bloody orange face then rings red blood droplets into the air .
but , i do like the color orange while alcoona trails behind studying ucal and sigo .
alcoona flashes fake re - designer eyelashes , staring at orange .
its colored in orange with orange and red flowers .
they are a trendy aztec print , but where hers is earth - toned orange and turquoise , katies is pastel - toned pink and blue .
cautiously , he moved toward orange , and the accident again blossomed into view before his eyes but this time , the impact occurred slightly to the left of the previous one .
peter left the headmasters office and made his way through the corridor lined with locker bays painted an atrocious shade of orange .
every time he tried to fall asleep , he had visions of a blond boy in breeches with a bow and arrow slung over his shoulder , stumbling up a steep incline through a forest filled with plants that glowed fuchsia and aquamarine and vibrant orange .
said lily , pointing at a neon orange flyer on a wooden post .
he skipped the infinite variations between orange and yellow , yellow and green , green and blue entirely , knowing that the color he wanted would be at the end , the unlikeliest of all there it was , so pale a shade of lavender that it was almost not there .
when i return to the motor lodge , the sun has turned the sky orange and spectacular .
ripped jeans , plaid flannel shirt unbuttoned underneath a bright orange down vest .
the colors in the sky are beautiful streaks of orange and red .
her walls were covered in orange and red paint which was unusual for a girl ryder thought , he was so used to seeing blue or pink walls , even green but not orange .
yellow roses are a symbol of friendship but i do nt know what the orange stand for .
no lights were on in skylars house but there was an orange glow that could be seen through the small window glass of her front door that told sidney that she was up .
ryder and nico entered and waited for the woman to turn on the lights , it took her some time finding the switch but soon the room was bathed in an orange glow .
one baby pink and one neon orange that i bought for halloween but did nt have the guts to wear .
she still had on her work clothesthe brown pencil skirt , orange sweater , and silk scarf combo that she said gave her confidence .
i suddenly focused on his pocket square , noting that it was kind of an odd colorbright orange against his dark suit .
and before you know it the oranges and blacks will be replaced by the reds and whites of christmas and then out come the yellows , greens and blues of easter , said zeus .
sun - kissed orange , yellow , and red leaves were everywhereon the trees and bushes along the road , on the ground and the slopes of the mountains .
no eerie pale mass floated through the gold and orange leaves that fluttered to the ground .
there were marble floors everywhere , which replaced the old orange carpet .
i guess genevieve did nt care anymore , because she was now sitting sideways on the couch , exposing most of her legs and her neon orange gym shoes .
it cast a warm , orange glow over the room .
it had several oversized orange couches and some of the most beautiful paintings i had ever seen .
are souls like milky or do they look like orange juice ?
it was with a brilliant streak of red and orange .
the room glowed with paint in effervescent colors : oranges , and reds , greens and blues ; beautiful silk floor pillows were scattered around the room .
the trees surrounding the farmhouse had turned to brilliant shades of orange and red .
angelicas was a brilliant shade of orange , while conrad and terrences were an army green color .
their loveliness stretched out across the rising hills and as the sun set lower in the sky , their reds and oranges melted into one extraordinary canvas of color .
ill have a caramel macchiato and an orange scone .
i look like a lumpy pumpkin in orange , but it could open all kinds of doors for me as a private eye .
the tall wall kept us from having a great view of downtown but over the top of it i could see the trees from the mall all turned brilliant fall shades of orange and red and yellow and i could see the tops of all the biggest buildings , first national , the holland center , the double tree hotel .
after a short rest , the girls returned to the slopes and skied until the sun dipped below the horizon , casting a pale orange glow across the sky .
she handed me a pumpkin orange , v - neck sweater .
the sun , low on the horizon , bathed the ocean in fiery shades of red and orange .
she motioned to a group of uncomfortable - looking orange plastic chairs , one of which was occupied by a coughing old man .
a dreamy orange joined the vibrant pink in the early morning sky .
it was similar in size and shape to a segment of orange .
there was a computer at one end , beneath the tall , dirty window , and in the centre there stood a small coffee table with four soft chairs around it , their fabric fraying and torn slightly to reveal the dull orange foam beneath .
outside , the sky was black and clear , yet it was impossible to see the stars in the constant orange glow of the city ; that was one of the only things that felicity missed about her previous residence .
he wears a pair of slightly dirty rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots .
i sit in socked feet padding on the rough orange brick gently parting the wood from the metal trying to be a good southern belle since mama feels bad as i slide on sweaty socks into the laundry room turning right into the kitchen where mama sits at the breakfast table on the south side wall with her leg propped parallel with the floor as her skull lounges in both hands looking like she s in really bad pain .
the windows pretty in vivid colors of bold reds , greens , blues , yellows , oranges and maybe a touch of gold but it makes the auditorium look and feel dark since this is supposed to the house of almighty god , not a creepy hollywood movie set .
the middle school houses the sixth , seventh , eighth grades in a neon bright orange which is one of the cheapest paint colors in the hardware store while the high school is composed of the ninth , tenth , eleventh , and twelfth grade students looking at baby blue walls all day long since its the official color of the sports teams .
i vividly remember my day dream when i kissed garth so solid and colorful in my mind when garth stands six feet and one inches with a sweaty wet t - shirt that clings to his board shoulders , muscular chest , and eight - pack of abs like he want swimming in the creek water forgetting to change out his farm clothes since he wears a pair of slightly dirty rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots .
garth standing at the end of my boot toes as i lay flat on my back muscles inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals strewed along on the grass as i clearly see an upright position of garths six feet and one inches with a sweaty wet t - shirt that clings to his board shoulders , muscular chest , and eight - pack of abs like he want swimming in the creek water forgetting to change out his farm clothes since he wears a pair of slightly dirty rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots .
i pass another 80 - feet high full canopy oak tree on my right with its own cedar wooden bench around it housing a set of orange wild roses under your bee_hind giggling that an orange rose represents the emotion of desire and fascination quickly thinking about stealing one rose for garth but axe that silly idea as i stomp my boots closer to the front porch walking passed a third oak tree that covers the entire ground but the short green grass grows nicely under the thick overstory as i suddenly stop and stare at the lawn .
the milky way galaxy stretches across the night sky in shades of midnight blue falling into royal purple cascading into light blue , then pale yellow into bright orange running down towards radiated red heat of the earths horizon .
why s it dull orange inside here ?
the team blew apart the paper emblazoned with an image of an indian head in orange and black as they ran onto the court .
i looked up at the deep orange glow that seeped through the thick canopy of leaves in front of me .
i pointed to the golden light that was slowly lowering behind a streaky orange sunset .
ben jumped on his bed and flicked his orange tongue at carda .
it really was magnificent , with its rich oranges and blacks and yellows , zigzags going in every direction .
she sat her flat rear on an orange settee .
shades of sun - bright yellow , candy orange , deep red , and chocolate brown , ever so shiny because of the water , soon covered everything .
he had a way of putting his head near the ground with his chin tucked down , then tossing his head high , his orange mane flying .
he looked like a huge puppy in her side mirror , with his head hanging out an open car window , his orange mane flying in the wind .
he watched as the orange rays picked up the reddish highlights in her dark hair .
the sun was setting to the west , turning the sky different shades of orange and purple .
nalae packed up her clothes in a dirty orange backpack as the sun rose every monday through friday .
blues , purples , radiant pinks , and oranges lit the eternal pitch black emptiness like paint spilling onto a canvas .
vianez took her time walking the rest of the way home , enjoying the light breeze and the start of the orange and purple sunset .
the entire area they were in was engulfed in bright orange and red hot flames .
the sun was a rich orange and hung low in the sky , but there was still plenty of daylight to find water , build shelter , and get a fire and dinner ready .
owl flight must have decided that morning when it woke up that winter should be on its way because the remainder of the leaves on the trees were completely gone and the bright oranges and reds that had filled the forest floors were now brown and gray .
fae was five foot seven with long , wavy hair dyed burnt orange .
the red of the fire , the sky overhead a war , half a bright , wavy orange , half a deep , dark blue , with soft specks as the stars came out .
she could feel as the bright , fiery beach of orange , those quick , high notes , the last resistance of the day , slowly darkened , deepened , faded into the low drone of the night .
the copper door handle glowed with a shiny burnt orange color .
she saw the car was vivid orange .
sighing , she quietly complained , ` ` a $ 200,000 , porsche 911 gt3 painted pumpkin orange .
ian unfolded the orange piece of paper .
lallielle particularly loved a strange orange bug thing .
they cast hazy beams of orange and yellow down on the cobblestone walkways below .
in the dust and smoke and orange flicker of the fire the dancers become dreamtime spirits summoned by the ceremony .
inside the houses , orange lights flicker like candles , not the steady white glow of electric lights .
apart from the pilot there are three men , all in the same orange overalls .
bring the heat up to just past orange but stop before it turns a true red .
liam took a last look at the burnished orange stripe and made a small adjustment to the chain .
there was a blinding flash , a muffled percussive pounding , and then flame caught in the grass and caught in the flowers that grew at the base of the trees , turning the blue and purple and yellow into flickering orange , into true light that came only from all - consuming flame .
i knew it had to have been my imagination , but it almost looked like his eyes were glowing an eerie orange color when she threw her arms around his neck , and gave him a friendly hug .
the sky was still clear of clouds , but the setting sun gave it an orange glow the likes of which he had never seen before , making the sky appear to be on fire .
a pale orange glow wavered across mariuss skin .
a thin orange laser shot from the tip of her finger and shattered the trucks driver - side window .
the sky continued to change first from bluish orange , then to dark pink and at long last purple .
* * * the sky was tingeing in cascades of oranges and saffron colors when jevan came up beside her .
it lit the landscape with rays of orange and red .
the sun was melting to a pool of orange in the sky and for once mom did nt say a word about its beauty .
i happen to like wearing knitted - hats in the summer , katie had said knowing allison was referring to katies favorite orange and white , hand - knitted , hat with the lopsided puffball .
first a dull green , a violent orange , a fiery blue , and finally a blazing silver .
she swept her hand out in front of them , indicating the stretch of blue sky and the burning orange sun beyond .
the light of a dozen torches cast an eerie orange glow over their deranged faces and the sounds of their snorts and heavy breathing echoed from the high , arched ceilings .
the sky was now light blue , lined with orange and pink along the horizon .
it started out looking brown and grey , but after a thorough cleaning , she was left with oranges , greens , browns , and dirty yellowscompliments of the 60s .
twilight had painted orange and purple streaks in the sky as she bumped over the curb to cross the intersection of apohana drive and kaniki way .
you re gon na have that orange stuff all over your fingers .
i studied my fingers , caked in orange , feeling his eyes burning into me .
henri had constructed a strong - looking desk out of the pale orange - colored timber of his hometown .
we both stood up , dusting orange dirt off our knees and palms .
colors of purple pierced bright oranges and deep dark reds the color of blood .
the sun was setting , a muted , streaky sunset , mostly yellows and oranges .
she spun on her heel and the room suddenly illuminated with vibrant reds , oranges , and yellows .
its so beautiful the wooden is osage orange , and yes , i did it .
a brightly colored orange and black backpack caught her attention .
outside the kitchen window , the sun was setting , turning the sky a dark orange .
i could smell the gum hidden under his tongue and i remembered how his lips always tasted like an orange dreamsicle .
well , my schedule contained a whole lot of painting my thumbs a tangerine orange and obsessively checking my e - mail .
after i threw on a pair of shorts and my favorite orange tank top , i sat at my computer and checked my line time and e - mail out of habit .
pushing my way through the heavy front door and then the flimsy screen door , i flew down the porch steps with the broom at the ready , prepared to go to battle against the fiercest orange tomcat in wyoming .
the leaves on the trees blazed orange and gold , and the scent of dry leaves wafted in the cool air .
chapter 25 mrs . pummelo was a young woman with a tanned , lithe figure showed to advantage in a tight skirt of pale peach and a severely tailored blouse of bright orange .
her hair was braided into cornrows and she had brilliant hazel eyes that the orange of her shirt made greener .
her hand was warm , the nails a bright orange cut square and sent tingles down to my groin .
one was driving and the other was standing next to the driver , both dressed in typical attire for maine lobsterman ; full length orange jumpers , heavy rubber boots and dirty white tee shirts .
there were oranges and yellows and reds and pinks .
santi glanced at an orange colored egg with a giant swirl of red in the middle .
he wanted to run to the childs aid but was distracted by thugs in orange lined up along the bleachers across the way .
with streaks of deep red and burnt orange , it looks to claw at the surrounding sky , raging against the powers that force it to dip below the horizon .
he closed his eyes and grabbed some fabric , which turned out to be a plaid coat of reds , oranges and greens .
a few men and women in all black , except on their collars where ` ` mm '' popped out in orange , served us beautiful plates of food .
the brass was polished to a shine , and the plumes in his helmet were all dancing in the air a beautiful combination of orange and blue the royal colors of the amark bloodline .
she broke the wax seal and poured the contents into her hand : four tiny orange balls , a little smaller than tic - tacs .
as she was resting holding onto the shelf , she saw the three other orange balls scattered .
each had four tiny orange balls like the first .
asked filipe , pointing to the tiny orange balls that mina spilled onto the shelf .
well , there s only one way to find out , said keoni , swallowing one of the orange balls and heaving himself up onto the ledge .
she carefully picked off the wax at one end and dumped the four tiny orange balls into her palm .
he opened his eyes again just in time to see a large orange dragon soar into the canopy of the trees .
instead of finding a solid wall , she found herself standing in a long passageway lined with paintings , a soft orange glow lighting the way .
they both looked up to see the sky erupt into flames , the sinking sun looking as if it had exploded , the bursts of colours blazing through the sky , like lightning bolts or shooting stars , turning from orange to red to blue to green before fading in a silver shower of sparks , that rained down on the horizon .
it was replaced moments later by a powerful surge of magic shimmering through the air as into view appeared a magnificent orange dragon , and though she was much smaller than he was , the power emanating from her was intense as she looked up to meet his stare .
the sky has an orange glow to it , like the sun is about to set .
apricot is a favored hue color of orange .
a being of orange is also optimistic , sociable , and extroverted like me .
so ill end up picking a favored hue color of orange , too .
i slowly walk seeing the raw colors of twinkling blues , greens , reds , oranges , indigos , yellows , pinks , purples , browns , grays , turquoises , golds , and magentas .
behind the teakettle is a non - matching china bone sugar bowl of orange and green and a non - matching pink and white creamer jug .
i see a round brown seedling beside an orange - colored flower pot with no soil in front of me .
she slams into the white canvas with the mop - sized brush of color of orange .
an excellent orange unicorn !
sunlight spilled through the bay windows , painting the floor in vibrant oranges and golden yellows .
something like a grayish orange jellyfish swelled over the sides .
her hair was arranged like an unnatural orange croissant , and her skin was similar to triolets , though not quite as reptilian .
a fiery orange skirted the windows , setting off monstrous screams .
he wore cut off denim shorts , an orange check shirt open to reveal the black vest hugging his lean yet well toned body , i let the door close on the vision , i mean what chance did i have ?
finally the chief arose and spoke to his people , he was very old and stood awkwardly as he leant on his staff , the amber head of which began to emanate an orange glow across their faces .
i start to open my eyes slowly and am taken aback at the clarity of my surroundings , the young man sat before me has a mane of shaggy hair , golden orange in colour and tied loosely at the back , his eyes are bold emerald green and seem to sparkle with excitement as he looks at me , can you see me now ?
tadge and the ghostly image of dallon , stepped from the cloud onto the lonely hillside , dawn was breaking and cast brilliant orange fingers through the pale blue sky as the sun rose to welcome them .
the furnishings she could detect were opulently dressed with a rich heavy fabric of red , gold and orange , the drapes pulled together where windows should have been , the walls she could see were panelled in rich mahogany .
his eyed burned as he glowered at her , he un - stoppered the decanter and began to pour one large measure of the orange whiskey , the smoky smell strong against her nostrils , sickening to the stomach , mixed with his own aroma of burnt chocolate .
cooper had quickly changed into a garment similar to mine but in green , alice wears a bemused look on his face and is wearing his usual cloths of orange and brown , the trace of my hand still visible , i can barely look him in the eye .
auburn sunlight poured through the door , making rose and the bag she carried a figure of black against blinding oranges and reds .
her pale skin blushed into fiery orange .
the driver , a thin orange skinned girl with blonde streaks in her waist length hair said .
technically we are nt getting that much aerobic activity from standing around waiting to shoot a stupid orange ball through a hoop .
it was nt actually an orange rock , but it did have a lot of graffiti scribbled on it in orange paint .
a cord tied snugly around his neck held a muted reddish - orange stone that pressed firmly against his adams apple .
i hurried over to the sidelines and grabbed the large orange cooler .
the bright orange and white vehicle was marked , mcdowell county hospital , so that s exactly where i would be heading .
dark shadows to either side were a result of the wall being painted in matt black emulsion , this then leaking onto a second wall only to stop abruptly , replaced by a vivid day - glo orange .
it was actually crowded for a change , too crowded to confine itself to the usual single dismal room , and i bumped against dancers and stumble over reclining bodies , was chased from one room by profoundly heavy conversation , from another by cloying fumes of smoke as people sat in a circle beneath a dim orange light and passed around joints , soothing their charred throats with draughts of lime cordial .
* there was the slightest hint of a sunrise at the edge of the sky , a weak orange glow in the east .
a paper lampshade hung from the ceiling to within inches of the floor and in the dim orange light which crept apologetically from it she could see a young man squatting on the carpet , preoccupied with whatever was laid before him , his blonde hair burning beneath the coloured bulb .
she laughed in triumph when the contents of her stomach failed to rise above chest height , and laughed again , more loudly , when she spat out another polo mint -marvellous things , polo mints , bursting like mortar shells when they struck the pavement- and saw it hit a seagull on its dirty orange beak .
the world also produces valuable stones and minerals of gold , silver , copper , platinum , alabaster and semi - precious gems from the orange , dry dirt called deserts .
his nosy subjects gather around a u - shaped figure orange colored auditorium , watching the new dog and pony show .
i fleck the neon orange paint onto my piggy toe that stayed home , not referencing ranns silly speech .
the room is ugly color neon orange .
flinging his feet to the side , rhen landed almost upright a split second before her forelegs lifted from the ground and she jumped away , backing from the bright orange blinding her eyes .
deep purples and bright oranges , all decorated with some sort of bauble that sparkled in her eye .
he stared into the orange flames , willing them to grow , to heed his command .
dario watched the huge bonfire blaze orange and blue against the black night sky .
the lights from street lamps are dim and glowing orange , revealing the dark silhouettes of vampires below them .
the bright orange and red flames cast shadows across the walls .
i blink several times as sunlight peeps through the blinds , a blend of orange and yellow , creating patterns across the bedroom that bathe the furniture in golden bronze .
a blaze of golden orange and red brightens the horizon as the sunset draws closer .
the setting sun is in its final stages , immersing the darkening sky in vibrant orange and pink , and bringing the day to a close and a start to a new night for the city .
dane shook his head again and watched the orange blaze popping onto the grate .
the sky transformed to million colors , bright gray and yellow orange like the sunset .
his real name was kevin , but his orange fro insured he d be linked with the macdonalds mascot into perpetuity .
off - white leather couches with zebra and orange pillows stand in the center of the room , facing a fireplace , which stands on the wall to the left of the hallway .
it was in the early hours of the day , as the sun was not quite up , but close enough to cresting the turusian mountains that the sky was brightening into an early morning fiery orange , and alanna was realizing she was going to have to give up on thomas that she heard the door faintly creak open .
its tiny orange flicker is just bright enough to reveal my boots lying beneath my narrow cot .
she scans the viewer window in the rear seeing a line orange tinted saucer ships representing the sixteen students from her class .
she surveys cutting her eyeballs left staring at the gray chest of drawer with pink and orange rosebuds as knobs then views the school desk of bright orange and yellow colors holding a gray projector wall monitor for school homework .
that s why we have such pretty colors outside around the archway and fake flowers and plants and inside my bedroom which is colored orange .
i love the color of orange .
the bombardment looks really pretty too filled with flaring tail colors of pink , red , yellow , blue , green , orange and gold .
intragalaxy looks like a great big outline of a massive single cloud with the pinks , yellows , oranges , blues and greens sparkles intertwined through the cloud like a sewing thread of a piece of clothing .
i view the yellow sun rays , the blue sky , the white clouds , the green tree limbs , the orange leaves , and the flying brown fleshy fowl and the shiny silver ships in the sky .
nothin , sniggers furno : cat - like feliux - species , ebony skin with colored yellow , red , and orange markings , long black hair slicked back behind two tiny ebony pointy ears , slanted yellow eyes , flat nostril holes , small orange lips filled with sharp fangs .
she is lean and tall covered soft ebony skin with splatters of bright orange and yellow horizontal long bars and short lines .
the difference between the litter kittens is a single orange bar .
nimtarts sweet breathes into her cheekbone then pecks a kiss on unique orange bar on top of her hair .
twenty - six , we have labeled each orange circle with the following format from a1 to zzz26 starting with the closest star and working our way back towards the edge of intragalaxy .
an outsized coin slightly bigger than a silver dollar lay gathering and returning the orange glow .
a lake of dull orange magma stretched as far as he could see .
their skin mimicked the network of red and orange cracks in the darker surface lava ; the colored markings seemed to glow faintly as they breathed , and occasionally one would crack open a crescent - shaped mouth at the end of its wide , wedge - shaped head to run a bright orange tongue along its lips .
outside , the sun was just starting to set and the sky was a riot of pinks and oranges plus a little blue .
the smoke billowed up into the blue summer sky , giving the whole city a weird hazy orange look .
annette had her hair dyed orange and yellow .
no trespassing signs in bright orange with black backgrounds stuck to two douglas fir trees , but rey and christy paid them no mind .
the sun kissed the sky goodnight as it started to set , bestowing vibrant hues of oranges and reds into the sky .
the bright remnants of the blazing sun illuminated the horizon in a beautiful shade of orange .
the sky glowed brightly , with the sun casting astounding shades of reds and oranges .
his big bulky orange coat made him stand out amongst the crowd .
a lit piece of newspaper flew into the middle of the air duct , filling it in bright oranges and reds .
a tiny orange glow faded in and out , briefly illuminating mordecais dark form .
they spotted a lady with a neon orange baseball cap partially covering her blonde ponytail , holding a sign that read camp life .
dara blinked and opened her mouth , but before she could respond , corinne threw the blouse back on the bed and grabbed a spandex bustier in chemical - spill orange .
he fluffed the fur up backwards and saw pale orange beneath the brindled brown and black .
he wiped his forehead on the sleeve of his t - shirt , leaving a thin orange smear , and yelped when someone placed an ice - cold can against his neck .
and she wore what , for her , was a relatively tame outfit of brown flip - flops , orange plaid shorts , and a turquoise t - shirt printed with neoncolored frogs , a skinny purple headband holding back her curls .
a baby 's crib sat in the middle of the room , an orange glow emanating from inside .
he had the orange armband of the attackers , but he was different somehow .
i saw an intense orange glow come from the ball and then without warning ashwater punched out -- fast for an old man -- and hit my chest .
it was covered in orange and red scales and had a head like a mythological dragon .
he was dressed in a clean day - glow orange jumpsuit with silver cuffs around each wrist and ankle .
their obstacles were an array of bright colors , from pinks and purples to yellows and oranges .
the burning in my nose from disinfectant ruins any desire i had for the wiggling orange gelatin on the table beside my bed .
she brushes the painting with orange .
they stood in the cemetery holding hands together as the sun began to fall in the sky , casting an orange hue across the landscape .
the floor was covered with an old orange carpet that looked to be in the middle of a transition to a nasty brown .
the sky was a dark orange and the clouds a nasty green .
royden asked , amazed at the yellow trees with the bright orange leaves .
broodangle lit the torch and then lifted it high above his head , sending a harsh orange glow into the tunnel ahead of them .
freaksnod lifted the object in his hands to the side of his face , which angelica could now see was made of a bright orange material .
it looks like some kind of weird looking orange .
his bright orange beak is more jagged than it should have been .
the stone is a burnt orange color .
the bright orange and yellow painted lettering in the windows promised old - fashioned burgers and fries .
she only injected half of the orange goo into the deputy before he spun away from her .
beneath the orange glow of the setting sun were the students and their families holding up a long homemade banner that read please do nt leave us .
the walls were a bright orange and the lights in the place were set low , setting a mood of relaxation .
red and yellow = orange : fascination , stimulation , imagination , dreamers .
the moon was a harvest moon , the first i had ever seen and was filled with a vibrant orange .
none of this meant anything to your humble servant ; i had resolved to spend the summer on la casilda drowning some recent personal issues in cold bottles of san miguel and peroni , retrieved every so often from a large orange portable cooler , half - filled with ice .
she wore a burnt orange dress and had tied her hair back with a matching scarf .
the blue sky started to give way to the orange glow of sunset .
the faint orange glow of the fire cloud reflected off the sheen of sweat across his face .
fox and the flute series : the fox and the flute ( book # 1 ) drum city ( book # 2 ) matchlock series : matchless ( book # 1 ) separate novellas : three turns champion time before the wolf tiger and the star blog series : blood black orange coming soon matchlock series # 3 : spectrum ( 2015 ) fox and the flute series # 3 : playful piano ( 2015 ) the binding knife ( 2016 ) connect with me ( i have pictures , comics , and updates for my old , new , and upcoming books ! )
without further pause for conversation , they made their way back out into the dissipating orange glow of early morning and down the side of the bluff .
a fire , somewhere inside the complex , poured mellow warmth onto the surrounding stone , and washed the area in a still calm of orange .
the deep orange and red shadows that drew through the vast windows magnified the effect of size and left the viewer in a state of contemplative reverence .
as he ran , an akkadian almost double his size erupted in a brilliant orange glow .
as light from the torches struck its surface , it seemed to magnify , and filled the chamber with an unholy , orange glow .
the trees towered over him , their leaves a brilliant orange and fading yellow .
the flames grew to a warm orange as they flickered in my eyes .
further back was what appeared to be an enormous , burnished lantern , once again emitting the gentle orange glow that had drawn us there .
and in tempe , arizona , twenty - seven deep - green western tiger caterpillars hatched to an orange , setting sun .
an orange blanket that had once covered the front window had been partially torn down , spreading light into the corners of the room .
her eyes looked sideways , and james waited for her response while the orange , setting sun dipped a bit closer to the horizon .
the image above now became an eagle in flight , with eyes of bright orange .
painted a pumpkin - orange , it was a charming little place .
a bunch of orange and blue confetti , intermixed with some silver pieces , tumbled down from above him .
and the west was destroying vietnams fabric of life so visually and pronounced , for within its landscapes are legacies of the ones the americans obliterated as their aircraft tipped agent orange herbicide over hundreds of square kilometres of forest , virtually removing all natural vegetation from the dmz south from coast to vietnams border with cambodia , and in doing so , they willingly transferred lush forests into stumps , and after the war , wastelands becoming replanted with trees foreign to native vietnam , including the australian acacia family .
it had been a cold day in the fall , and he had climbed up the high cobblestone tower and looked out over the forest and its autumn cloak of reds , yellows , oranges , and greens .
ill have the triple play special pleasethree scrambled eggs , three sausage links , three pieces of bacon , three pancakes , hashbrowns , orange juice and coffee .
he noticed her attention and smiled back as he studied her lime green , orange and fuchsia paisley top with its exaggerated batwing sleeves .
he helped her remove her orange jumpsuit and tenderly caressed her chest .
it does nt look that bad , and its not like orange .
their escort linked them up with the three custodians , who were decked out in their finest bright orange robes .
there was still a warm orange glow on the horizon between the houses on the right , from the setting sun .
in the distant water of the gulf he could make out the steel superstructure of half - a - dozen oil rigs , their gas - venting fires a vivid orange against the blue horizon .
towards my left the lights of chester lit up the sky with an orange glow .
everyone was looking at the large orange ball of fire lighting the night sky .
he stopped there , handing darryl two orange pills and a cup of water .
nodding to himself that it was time , he pushed away his memories like swallowing a bitter orange pill , opened the door and walked away .
next to the plate of food were the two orange pills .
brilliant reds and oranges met her eyes .
as she walked along the paved walkway , she turned to look back at the bright orange and yellow building proudly displaying a sign which read festival place and wished that she could stay awhile .
the small waterproof gps unit he d programmed with the coordinates of the dock radiated an orange glow that was readable from three feet away .
they were gunmetal blue and gray , then slowly turned a burnt orange , then fiery red .
the sun broke the horizon , its rays playing among the dark thunderstorms , causing fiery orange colors .
the sun sank into the haze , turning the sky a fiery orange , and the water around the boat faded to the color of molten lead .
warm colors of orange and purple radiate onto the soft blue horizon .
the brilliant orange and yellow setting sun sits in the middle of the window opposite me .
gazing at the glorious shades of orange , ava felt strangely drawn to visit the planet now , but that was nt to be .
it bled orange , red and amber , over a sheet of cracked glass , each separate pane a slightly different color .
only five minutes pass by , when two more cars turn up in convoy , a ford galaxy utility vehicle and a range rover , the ford is black and the range rover is coloured a dark metallic orange .
table of contents prologue part i : the agency of influence part ii : the agents of change about the author excerpt from agents of chaos prologue awake at an obscene saturday hour for a teenager , the girl looks into the distance as the rising sun behind her gives her otherwise golden hair a bright orange hue .
all dressed in camouflage clothing from head to toe , with small spots here and there of bright orange coloring .
the night was bathed in reds , oranges , and blues , as though i was watching the world through a colored lens .
he produced a sweatshirt and a pair of sweats , with a bright orange poncho on top of the pile .
she was a knock - out even in her orange jumpsuit .
emily started to walk over , her glasses gone and her eyes glowing an extremely bright orange .
she ran over , her eyes a bright orange and her nails little pebbles .
her eyes were orange , but a warm , dull , happy orange .
the cars bonnet displayed as bright orange , indicating heat , the headlights a rich red colour that was being toned down automatically by the system software .
malibu and orange .
the plane slowed , not needing much runway , then taxied around , marshalled for the last hundred yards by a ground controller dressed in bright orange .
hey , morning , the american captain called from within his dark orange suit .
the twenty foot tv screen above the entrance glowed bright orange with goliaths black logo in the center .
goliath stepped into the arena , and his fiery orange pyrotechnics exploded around him .
the shrubbery was growing in and weeds and grass covered the area but another tiny orange marker was nailed to a tree trunk ahead .
the dancing orange light and smoke that seemed to be squashed by the drizzle overhead , disguised the increasing darkness beyond their immediate area .
the track was now a path that could be followed easily without needing to find the orange rectangles but tall grass encroached from the sides , so sharp that it scratched their exposed arms and cathy 's feet .
inside , sitting on the wooden floor was an almost deflated orange and blue rubber raft , about four or five meters long .
as we both peered down the stairs we saw an orange glow , something which could not be natural light .
gone was the warm orange glow .
our momentum carried us forward , and in the distance , breaking through the storm clouds , was a glowing wall of fiery orange .
he decided to try the freezer next and was happy to see the still - frozen packets of hamburger and hot dog rolls , hamburger patties , hot dogs , sausages and several more cases of deli meats , frozen bottles of orange juice and more bottles of the same vodka .
it seemed to sydney that it wept silently for the dead as it leaked a trail of red along the horizon that bled to a soft orange the further out the color dripped .
a reddish orange glow pulsed outward from the building with a wave of heat and kira dropped to the ground , again , to avoid being seen .
there against the horizon was a flickering light of orange .
the cheese was the shade of orange you see on running vests , and the burger was pinker than tito .
she ripped off the burnt - orange pea coat and handed it to me .
once back in orange they would take a sampling of diamonds to several different wholesalers to see what they could scare up .
a tail of two fbi agents would be following them all the time and another group of two would be on the ground when they arrived in orange .
we became friends after she bought some things from my shop in orange .
the air fizzes and bubbles as the thoughts and auras of individuals within the collective clashed- flaring bright oranges , yellows and reds .
upon arrival , captain languenoc led us to the other side of the platform , where a large , bright orange , oblong vehicle was floating in the water , tethered solidly to the pontoon .
for a moment , grey in the orange and indigo colour of the fire and night , they looked like his comrades , fresh off the sandy lane , running to help him once again .
the living room was warm , decked out in browns and oranges .
all the seats were a hideous shade of orange , the plastic - coated cushions in various states of disrepair .
the semtex was a shade of bright orange , ludicrously colourful for such a dangerous weapon .
before it stood a double - row of fiberglass bench - tables painted orange with maple trees providing shade .
the hatred that had been cultivating , a dull orange glow smoldering in trents heart for thirty - one days , was fueled , fanned , and ignited into a blistering red inferno of hells fucking fury .
his hair is dyed bright orange and spiked with glue .
the kitchen itself looks very 1960s , lots of yellows and oranges and plastic furniture .
he said , pulling out a large orange container , and then another .
this is one of our most popular models , it has a supercharger in it and its orange , steve interrupted him .
well , its a burnt orange its a very popular color right now .
yes well , its burnt orange and like i said , its a very hot color right now .
david imagined trees exploding in white flashes , crackling , red - orange flames devouring the forest .
he was still watching the tablet where in the meantime most of the map and the graphs had switched to green with here and there a speckle of orange .
the setting sun had turned the waters crimson and bathed the austere walls of the chamber with an orange glow .
a faint orange glow smudged the skyline ahead and to the left .
a faint orange glow ahead finally alerted us to the presence of the bartender .
hungry flames painted the sky above the burning house with an orange glow .
they ran hand in hand through the fields of flowers at grass , all reds , yellows , sultry oranges and velvet purples , and they tasted nature 's sweet scents , and man 's work of refined essences and aromas , the honeydew , the ambergris , the distilled scent of celestial nectar .
a faint orange glow flickered from the spot where the car had crashed .
now the only thing left on the horizon was a strand of orange blanketing the clouds .
sitting beside one of her bodyguards , she looked radiant beneath the chandelier light in an orange , off the shoulder gown and white gloves .
ned walked into the long , narrow space that was painted fluorescent orange .
there was a beautiful orange glow painting the low - lying clouds that hovered above the sea .
the sun was dipping just below the horizon , sending a kaleidoscope of oranges , yellows , and reds , into the sky above .
i 'd reached around to check the back window , hoping to get the heat going , when my field of vision turned an incandescent orange , bright and glaring , as though the sun had just come in for a close encounter .
then came the explosion , blotting out everything , an immense orange ball that seemed to roll upward into the morning sky like an emerging sun .
the jp-7 fuel reading whirled from a feed of three hundred pounds a second to twenty - one hundred , and an instant thereafter the cockpit was slammed by the hammer of god as the monitor image of the hangar dissolved in orange .
but the next burst of energy came from the propulsion unit of vx-1 , which slowly began discharging a concentrated plume out of its nozzles , a primal green instead of the usual reds and oranges of a conventional rocket .
i do n't think there are too many men who know the difference between a pale orange rose and pale '' ann was about to use this sudden turn in the conversation to her advantage .
when i shut my eyes my head filled with colour , bloods and blacks and burnt shades of orange .
a few minutes later the jeep cleared the forest and the bright orange setting sun hit the jeep .
at the left corner orange suit number two jogged around the corner wheezing , with a gun hanging from his hand .
the shades of orange and pink and blue looked as if some surrealist painter had mixed colors never before used , just for this place .
just before trial whitefeathers mother had convinced him to tell the truth about the incident : little malcolm and a friend ( who happened to live at the torched home ) had forged several sticks of what they thought would be homemade dynamite but were really only plastic plumbing pipes filled with a mixture of gasoline , lard , frozen orange juice , and epsom salt .
strange as it may seem , considering her question was answered with honesty and amazing precision , megumi was clearly infuriated , her vivid orange and azure eyes burning with sheer anger .
he pulled his tweezers and a small orange collection envelope from his case , hoping against hope that he may find something other than the victims hairs caught within the linen .
a few sparks glimmered orange in the gloom , one of them belonging to the fire in mazol 's study where the lasher grew hot .
her lamp speckled the room with faded orange glow .
the dress shimmered bright orange and red .
chapter thirty - six claire orange , dragon - tongue flames licked up to the ceiling , racing from the bed to the far side of the room .
her dress flickered with flames , reflecting the burnt orange sky .
a dim orange candle flickered in a far corner casting a weak halo of light on what looked like a small desk .
right here 's a yellow place , a huge orange place , and a bunch of white !
she answered the door promptly in a dress of a muted orange color with a necklace of small blue beads as an accent .
do you think the blue goes with the orange dress okay ?
her skin had an orange cast from excessive tanning .
he stopped to stare at a woman in a tigress costume of orange with black stripes , her face also painted with black stripes .
all those beautiful orange and yellow , and red tongues of flame shooting up high into the sky .
` ` right on it doctor '' , responds ` ` orange '' as he moves towards the computer while miyazaki takes over the microscope .
in the dimming sky , the orange glow from the setting sun dazzles across the golden spires and steel - glass precipices of skyscrapers , showing the city in all its glory .
ryu drew his palms inches apart to rouse the hadou - ken , and this time the fusion of sparks collided in a concoction of red and orange .
this countrys gone frigging loopy , she snorted , a cigarette dangling from her bright orange lips .
i could see just fine in the soft lazy orange glow .
the sun luminously lit the clouds over the horizon with the most dazzling colors of yellow and golden orange .
the street lights were always lit with tall street lamps and the windows were softly lit with a cozy orange glow .
i pulled the chain and the basement lit up with a soft orange glow .
a moment later he had the machine started , and a faint orange glow started above their heads from dozens of sodium lamps .
the figure showed as bright orange and yellow as the infrared picked up the heat emissions .
and when a car ahead paused and then stopped on orange at the 13th street junction , did nt make the leap across , she beeped and banged her fist on the steering wheel in frustration .
a wisp of black smoke rises and the yellow pin prick turns orange and opens out into a perfect little black hole with a glowing orange rim .
mason stands at crosbys side like a good dog , orange hearing aid smeared into the conch of his ear .
she raked back the mask from her face as well , held the joint to her mouth ; the tip glowed a hypnotic orange .
from their elevated vantage point , she was forced to squint through the slant of a midmorning sun , already turning from orange to a carsick shade of white .
the sun had become a blood orange , half hidden by surrounding trees .
a hunched , lonely flower dressed in an orange jumpsuit .
she took a sip of orange soda , playing make - believe as she fought the urge to leap behind the bar and take down an entire six - pack .
the restaurant predictably decorated ; coloured with bright oranges and yellows with some reds , greens and blues splashed around in contrast .
oconnell looks around the empty restaurant , jumping when a young , thin man with curly blonde hair appears from his left side , zooming straight up to him ; a faded green menu in one hand , a glittering orange and red sombrero perched on top of his head and a black apron tied tightly around his girlish waist .
say carol , you know i m half scot myself , and thought i knew my tartans , but i m totally unfamiliar with that , he said , pointing to her orange and green plaid dress .
up ahead , a large white mansion stood out , majestically , under the orange glow of the horizon .
blue and white jeeps , each flying the united nations flag and carrying two soldiers wearing the bright orange jump - suits of the peace - keeping force , patrolled the streets closest to the remains of one of the citys oldest walls .
the dark shadows far below only heightened the white and green and bright orange and yellow that predominated above .
a mile later he was in the parking lot and walking toward the big orange building .
he pulled a small tube of hair gel from his new coat pocket along with a bright orange sticker .
ron ripped open the betadine packet and swabbed the mans right chest along the collar bone , turning it a burnt orange color .
out there was the swimming pool which nestled on the fringes of the ornamental gardens , a beautiful array of delightfully bright colours - oranges , reds , pinks and greens - which could be seen quite easily from where i sat with my iced fruit drink , as could the numerous rainbows dancing upon the droplets of water given off by the sprinkler system without which , presumably , nothing would grow .
jake ran through a small alley with a brown brick , brown tiled house to his right and an dark orange coloured wooden panel fence to his left .
it seemed that retail establishments were redesigning logos and store fronts to be as bright as possible with the brightest greens , yellows , oranges and reds .
about forty feet high , tin , with rusted orange spreading from every crevice and crack .
my body grows numb and the orange and blood red fire grows hotter , concentrated passion and fire and fury , higher , farther , climbing deeper this time , it is nt climbing in and down my throat but up and out as if unleashed , as if escaping before i have the chance to change my mind , seething down my legs as if i ve jumped into a scolding hot , boiling tub .
it glowed bright orange , and it was growing bigger as i watched .
have you heard of iff , asked orange to bates .
the impact on tv was about ten seconds behind real time , replied orange .
squinting , i pulled the hair out of my eyes and when my hand came back , a pale orange liquid pooled on my fingers .
the sky was slashed along its edge , and a hazy orange glow bled through the wound .
you know if you had orange trousers on you could stop traffic .
the days tensions melted as i watched in my rearview mirror while the olympic mountains and their framing clouds went from fiery orange to soft pink and purple .
the store manager crept back to the door and helplessly watched with his face lit by the hellish orange glow .
the entire arch of the bridge was blazing like a hellish orange rainbow .
i rolled past a sporting goods store that was ablaze in huge orange sheets of flame with no one to fight the fire .
there was nothing below us but the churning surface illuminated in stark shades of sunset orange , red and purple .
across spirit cove , jagged sea stacks were silhouetted against a bright morning horizon of pastel oranges and purples .
a small orange ball floated near the dock where the center of the ship had been .
the sun was preparing for its descent in my right viewfinder , undressing layers of pinks and oranges behind the clouds satin curtain .
the outline of the hill was surrounded in a gradually darkening orange glow .
daylight streaked orange and crimson over the eastern horizon , ardently splashing the morning sky with color .
instead of the husky gray light of an early winter morning he saw the deep , warm reddish orange of late summer afternoon .
but we do have ribena blackcurrant or robinsons orange squash .
as long as its not a short one , leo warned , getting testily to his orange , webbed feet .
as the spark caught , the filament inside burst into a hazy orange , filling the room with light .
* * * i do nt know how long i slept but it was broken by a bright light that stained my closed eyelids a burnt orange .
i could still see the shadow of the small tree with the orange leaves , though .
the only real difference was that the trees had shed their normal shades of green for more bold and brilliant ambers , oranges and reds .
floyd was smoking a cigarette and wiping his hands on a greasy orange rag .
the flames were lighting up the buildings dull brown brickwork in an eerie orange glow .
the trees on the right were thinning out to a bleak patch of ground that had lost its topsoil to the dull orange under - clay underneath and culminated in a crumbling edge and the gaping open wound of a mountain side ravaged in the quest for resources .
we follow him to the back and sure enough there are at least ten large orange and black striped tigers milling about the grass .
i wonder if i should ask her if its a good time to change into my orange bowling shirt since it would match so well but we feel the boat sink down even more .
i watch as he walks by carrying a bright orange bucket , at first i think its a tiger but then i remember we are at sea .
i look back where he s pointing and i see a giant orange ball radiating an orange hue all around it rising from the horizon .
i look back where he s pointing and i see a giant orange ball radiating an orange hue all around it rising from the horizon .
the sun itself is not the bright yellow it was ; it is turning a darker yellow , even a little orange as its sinks below the horizon .
her head sported close - cropped , jet - black hair with dyed orange highlights .
when he looked out the back window , a stroke of orange caught his attention .
as she panned the tangled greenery , a bright orange flash flickered deep in the woods .
the flash of orange set to boiling a fear that had been simmering since she had passed kyler 's house .
although she could not understand what the bright orange flash could be , she knew it was nt a part of the natural surroundings .
but then she heard the footsteps , and turning , she saw a flash of fluorescent orange from the handle of a shovel .
in a four inch opening straight above on a thin limb of an oak , the bright orange breast of a robin glowed .
he looked up , and there in the four inch opening on the thin branch of an oak was the bright orange of the robins breast .
she remembered hearing the footsteps behind her at the healing place and the flash of orange before everything went black .
i turned and saw a flash of bright orange .
they descended the iron stairs into darkness punctuated by a series of lights from dimly lit bulbs until they reached a small metal landing with a chinese lantern burning a dull orange and red .
bright orange .
just so you know i look lousy in an orange jumpsuit .
seeing my brother in an orange jumpsuit on the wrong side of the glass nuked my anxiety level .
i waited with the lights off and only got up when the orange glow of the summer sun had disappeared under the horizon .
the corner house belonging to bill and eileen hayward was burning with high orange flames greedily consuming the wooden exterior .
while she was still searching for the phone , she heard a meow and spotted tom , her huge orange tabby running toward her .
when andy opened the door , in ran a very thin but large orange striped tomcat .
i m also advising alex that homeland security should raise the terrorist threat level to orange , kendall added .
jaclyn came to the last bend before the observatory just after 11 p.m. a flickering orange glow emerged as she approached , giving her pause .
i noticed an orange glow from my kitchen table and a shadowy image emerge each time he inhaled his tobacco .
ribbons of orange and crimson streaked the edge of the predawn sky as another long night drew to an end .
the captain stood and snapped at his men , who retrieved five circular orange floats .
as i was fumbling to find them , a flight attendant leaned across to open the shade on the porthole , revealing a brilliant orange sunrise over a blue sea dotted with little green islands like vivid jewels .
the sun painted the sky shades of orange and red .
behind me , a light on a utility pole turned on with an electrical buzzing sound and faint orange light flooded the area .
at nine p.m. , after a glorious sunset full of deep reds , oranges and pinks , i stood and grabbed the card off the table .
the beautiful dark green leaves were now turning orange - yellow and falling off the tree branches .
three huge apple trees stood in front of the house , with leaves turning orange - yellow , many had fallen to the grass along with some rotten apples .
the trees were changing over here too from orange to yellow and falling onto the muddy hill and some in the river .
the fog had settled in and the parking area surrounding the motel was cast in an orange hue from the security lamppost lighting .
an enormous wolf glared at me from the shadows , hackles aggressively splayed , eyes glowing bright orange in the torchlight .
i could nt help noticingjust past where the chef stood helplessly tremblinga large orange harvest moon hanging low in the eastern sky , pouring its eerie light down onto our formal dining halls stone floor , basting the frightened cook in a sinister yellowish - orange glow .
i could nt help noticingjust past where the chef stood helplessly tremblinga large orange harvest moon hanging low in the eastern sky , pouring its eerie light down onto our formal dining halls stone floor , basting the frightened cook in a sinister yellowish - orange glow .
he shifted his weight awkwardly from side to side , his round hat catching the moons glow like a smoldering orange halo .
the firelight splashed across her bare torso , bathing her fair white skin with fingers of wicked flickering orange and with each measured step they took her body only glowed brighter .
it was nt the color of the garment bag or its orange handle and trim that caused redding to take notice .
meandering through the streets near the hospital , he stumbles onto cherry , and two blocks later finds a sprawling victorian home on a corner that has neon orange lettering in a front window that spells out tracys tans and clips .
the muted orange of the sun and the time on a tiny ticking bedside table clock leads him to believe its morning .
heads turned to acknowledge their presence in the open room warmed by a black iron heater blazing to the left of the podium up front , lanterns hanging from the solid raw walls producing a shadowy orange cast on the faces of their neighbors - strangers .
the dimming orange yellowish light says its almost evening .
this time , vibrating orange and red sunsets paint the distant dreary sky .
it then became a halloween decorated ski mask , and he was looking out through a bright orange jackolantern .
it was black , like ninety percent of the rest , but he d wrapped the handle in day - glo orange tape to make it easier to spot .
afterward , she 'd decide what she wanted to do about the man on the orange flyer .
as for the thief on the orange flyer , dana placed a call to devine , chance & merit 's front end secretary .
an orange flyer caught his attention .
sanyo produced the orange flyer .
moore had , of course , brought his case notes with him , including the bright orange flyer that ray had taken from devine , chance & merit .
she considered coffee and orange juice , but neither sounded soothing .
layers of greens , swimming with yellows , sleeping on reds , hiding from oranges .
he glares at the soft pinks and oranges chasing away his beloved dark night .
i would never wear an orange jumpsuit .
the sun was setting as they neared the lake , and its reflection on the water showed orange and yellow .
there was no sign of marietta , nor of her friend in orange .
the sunlight had faded to a dull orange , and she stood on the stone patio for a moment , watching the last of the brightness fade from the sky .
the exposed rock was brown , seamed with livid orange .
turning back , i look up at it , the massive bare form of this creature laid out in its glowing surface of skin , as flecked and pitted as an orange , oozing a taint of essential oil .
overhead the skys a livid orange color , stretched like a dome of burning gasoline from rooftop to rooftop .
breeze parked his bright orange renault in a no parking zone and put up onto the windscreen the yellow and green disabled parking sticker , which foot patrol cops and clamp - happy parking inspectors would know meant undercover law enforcement .
deputy director could nt in his wildest wet dream imagine that his troops would have bagged such a prize , but here angel was now seated across from her in an orange jumpsuit that mandated that she was an inmate of the atlanta justice system .
the fugitive has the same red hair , the same orange jumpsuit .
as he lifted his head , the light from the streetlamp directly outside bathed his face in an eerie orange hue .
i had reached perhaps 3,000 feet and was just about to look down at my petrol gauge when i saw the sudden flash of tracer going past my left wing and immediately afterwards there was a blinding orange flash and a terrific explosion somewhere in the bottom of the cockpit .
the three streets in ironside are blocked north to south by the alabama national guardsmen with weapons between the neon orange barricades stating ing big capital letters : no admittance .
she walks off with him , butt - naked , to let him peepee behind a withered orange wax - berry myrtle , one of the last bushes to hold its green after the drought got a grip .
rich , wearing yet another attention - grabbing suit , tangerine orange this time , pulls jon aside before he can climb into the cage .
-- chapter 6 beverly hills , california at the mountain gate country clubs parking lot an orange lamborghini occupied two spaces .
the sunlight that had managed to penetrate the canopy softened a little , changing from a brilliant white - yellow to a burning , muddy orange .
sal indicated a hard orange case about the size of a laptop sitting on the center of the altar .
when the clouds were low and thick you got that kind of hazy orange at night .
quite quickly , all three of them were looming behind me in the soft orange glow from the heaters , craning over my shoulders , yelling kong or suck on it , ass - candle as the circumstances dictated .
chapter four i could n't look at him as i talked ; instead , i stared into the flames , watching them lick at the midnight sky with greedy tongues of orange and green .
andso ian that i nearly fell to my knees and weptthe brown pull - over sweater i 'd envisioned him wearing , tossed carelessly over the back of a wooden adirondack stained the same orange terra cotta as the trim around the windows .
i looked at jupiter , orange bands around a creamy sphere filling half of the view from the port with my face pressed close , and looked for s.5 but i could nt make it out from this distance .
the purples and oranges were deeper than those in a bowl of the freshest and most tangy grapes and peaches .
the door swung open , and a guard let a tall , clean - shaven , silver - haired and man in an orange jumpsuit into the room .
emerging at dawn from the cabin they were in time to watch the sun rise from the sea in an orgy of oranges and reds , sending glittering paths of yellow and blue towards them .
there was a millisecond of silence before hannah sheraton , still dressed in orange , was led into the room .
he growled , his eyes glowing orange as a turn of his head caught the porch light just right .
a chubby woman in a bright orange dress waved her purse and sprinted heavily across the street .
in glorious orange and pinks .
soon - o radioed alex to stay put and alex waited , watching the sun sink down in a blaze of orange and a green flash .
up ahead , a long line of modern metal telephone poles crossed their path , strung with cables on which hung large orange balls .
the poles meant a road saddle road , no doubt and the orange balls served as a warning to low flying military aircraft .
they sat across from each other , the fire flickering between them , flashing their skin orange and gleaming in their eyes .
a shimmery rust orange colored car opened when she tried the door .
chapter 15 when she got back to the orange car , it had stalled .
the assassin stood there looking across the way at the burning building he once called home , a lone dark silhouette against the flickering orange backdrop amidst the midnight sky .
owner painted it in pastel yellow , bright orange , and an occasional red .
just as the orange glow beyond his closed eyelids starts to fade to black he hears a familiar ring tone .
the evening sun flickered with the sterilization field , bathing the park in a soft orange glow , which he did n't notice .
in the distance , the city took on an orange glow , and the smell of smoke wafted on the breeze .
the smell of smoke wafted about and an orange glow suffused the evening .
through the skylight they could see the dim orange glow of streetlamps flickering back to life .
the plant first shrivelled , changing its colour from dusty khaki to limpid yellow and then to screaming orange .
i used the hair dryer mounted to the wallreminded of it by the burning orange of its power indicatorand did nothing else until the fabric was dry , until i d set the things on the bed mattress , a spot i verified was clean .
* * * from the scent and the tint of orange to the overcast , i got the feeling it would snow , later on .
i licked my finger , dabbed up the flakes of bread , looked to the refrigerator , then to the bottle of acetaminophen in the little orange bowl by my telephone charger , swallowed six , then four more , drank warm handfuls of water from the faucet .
the explosion that ripped through the restaurant was anticipated by a blinding orange flash , a sudden invasion of sound and a rush of hot air .
in a dramatic twist from the morning rain showers , the sky now looked like monet had brush - stroked it with oranges and reds , and the smells of saturday afternoon barbecues filled the air .
its bright orange and blue colors gave it a caribbean feel .
chuck handed him some shells , which he fit into the pocket of the orange vest .
the sun was setting behind them , beautiful orange streaks filling the darkening skies .
patsy had no idea what her mothers natural colour was , but she guessed it was nt that horrible rusty orange .
` ` just to be safe , prepare for code orange .
you wo n't need that code orange after all . ''
then she stared in confusion as a huge orange ball took the place of the plane .
behind it , the sky was coming to life with streaks of orange and yellow .
the sun was a bright orange ball , rising fast into position to sear the land for another day .
the microphones were placed before him and the camera lights adjusted , and finally an attractive lady from memphis with streaks of bright orange across her forehead and under her eyes cleared her throat and asserted herself .
leroy wore the standard ford county jail issue of glow - in - the - dark orange coveralls .
` ` i know , but it do n't look white on tv unless it 's painted orange . ''
in the distance a boiling funnel of black smoke rose above an orange glow and drifted peacefully toward the half moon .
lights from the cars ' headlamps began to merge into one solid orange glow .
as they circled past a pillar - thicker in girth than any redwood she could imagine - vittoria saw an orange glow up ahead .
no light at all , except the last imperceptible taint of daylight and a little orange scatter from the city 's lights .
there was no light other than the orange glow from the cockpit .
each looked like a translucent telephone pole and was marked with a bright orange tag .
at the surface , the water appeared as a swirling bluish green , but tracing downward , the colors slowly shifted to a menacing red - orange as the temperatures heated up .
inside was a large crystal bowl in which were swimming two ugly orange goldfish .
dull alloy , with batch numbers stenciled on , and a broad band of garish orange paint wrapping the fuel section .
its light was fading to a dull orange glow .
she had a young woman 's hairstyle , colored a bright shade of orange and teased up off her scalp above a thin face .
there was a night - light plugged into an outlet low on the wall and its soft orange glow showed the child sprawled on her back , with her arms thrown up around her head .
he was holding a thin orange and purple fedex packet in his hand .
they gave a soft orange glow and made the foyer warm and inviting .
another cop was waiting by a well- dressed fiat sedan , complete with an array of lights and the word polizia painted in orange on every fender .
the map clarified most of the terrain issues all by itself with its faint orange contour lines , which were very widely spaced and which curved only gently .
his blanket and pajamas were taken away and he was issued paper underwear , an orange jumpsuit , and a pair of rubber shower sandals .
it lit up the white concrete building with pale shades of orange and pink .
grigor linsky waited in his car in a fire lane in a supermarket parking lot , framed against a window that was entirely pasted over with a gigantic orange advertisement for ground beef at a very low price .
generic caucasian , medium height , medium weight , red face and fair hair tinted orange and yellow by the streetlights .
the sky changed from black to gray to purple and then low orange sunlight came up over the horizon .
it was difficult to say whether it was intended as a living- or dining - room for a flimsy - looking mirrored sideboard , sporting an orange crackle - ware fruit dish and two painted wooden candlesticks , took up most of the wall opposite the door and contradicted the faded pink sofa ranged against the other side of the room .
bond got a fleeting impression of one of the most beautiful groups of girls he had ever seen , when irma bunt , hideous in some kind of home - made , homespun ' apres - ski ' , in which orange and black predominated , waddled out from among the galaxy and took him in charge . '
the winter sun spread a last orange glow over the thick overcast 10,000 feet below the softly whistling plane and switched itself off for the night .
the lights of yokohama glowed a deep orange along the horizon , and a slight smell of the harbour and the sea came in through the wide - open partition leading on to the garden .
the gleaming orange and silver express slid to a stop beside them .
he picked up an orange card that lay on their table .
the thinning orange hair scraped back to the tight , obscene bun ; the shiny yellow - brown eyes that stared so coldly at general g. through the sharp - edged squares of glass , the wedge of thickly powdered , large - pored nose ; the wet trap of a mouth , that went on opening and shutting as if it was operated by wires under the chin .
` ` hold on , '' bellamy said , disappearing into a nearby electrical room from which a tangle of heavy - duty orange extension cords snaked out , running away from them into the darkness of the corridor .
unexpectedly , the fireworks in her rearview mirror grew brighter , the initial flash followed by an unexpected sight -- a blazing orange fireball that katherine could see rising above the tree line .
the desk lamp 's bulb glowed orange .
around the door , slivers of glowing orange shone beneath the doorjamb , indicating that lights were illuminated on the other side .
it was a short , almost pretty girl with bleached hair and the shortest dress i have ever seen - it was a bright fluorescent orange that looked almost alive in the weird lighting .
on the opposite bank , the leaves were starting to turn , shading from tired green to brown and pale orange .
it was as if an lsd - crazed god had grabbed a paintbrush and daubed a psychedelic canvas of orange and pink across the twilight .
above them , a livid african sun bled the last of its rays into the land , oozing burnt orange over the tapestry of rich greens .
the receptionist was a plump black woman dressed from head to toe in orange .
his shaven head was scrubbed and painted with merthiolate solution that gleamed a bright orange under the operating lights .
it was december , summer in south africa , and the trek across the veld under the huge orange sun was a horror .
there 's blood everywhere on the industrial - sized boxes of cereal and powdered milk , the bags of rice and flour and sugar , the large plastic bottles labeled cola , orange drink , and fruit punch .
he 's wearing dark glasses against the bright orange glow .
a grassy meadow of blossoming orange lilies spread before him .
procedures called for every inmate to strip , shower , and change into an orange jumpsuit , and this usually happened before the mug shot .
he watched her , feeling the intensity , knowing its roots , seeing her face in the pale orange glow of dawn .
it was an envelope , light orange in color , five by eight .
each member of the press wore an orange , numbered button dispensed by the prison administration as credentials .
slim green cones of cypresses added contrast to burnt - orange roof tiles .
he delighted in shaking up the baseball world with such innovations as multicolored uniforms , ball girls , orange baseballs ( an idea with a very brief life ) , and a mechanical jackrabbit that hauled fresh baseballs to the home plate umpire .
as the parrot - nosed guard 's view was blocked by what seemed an acre of michelin street map , ambler silently vaulted over the low , swinging safety gate and strode up the curved concrete ramp to the parking level above and over to a small fleet of renault ambulances - painted a stark , sanitary white , with an orange stripe and blue lettering .
now two border guards from the swiss side emerged ; a small white renault van was pulling up to the checkpoint , idling before the low orange barrier .
from behind , he recognized a man - dressed in a dark gray striped suit but with a distinctive mop of hair dyed a shade that verged , implausibly , on orange .
two were overly made - up women in belly dancer costumes and a young male in a strangely ambiguous outfit soiled orange tights and a blue blouse - his gender revealed by a scraggly beard .
` ` i see no reason why , '' answered the driver , frowning , ` ` but i seem to remember a speck , a splash of orange , when i turned away from my wife and children and called all of you . ''
so youleft the gray - flannel crowd for orange shirts andgold medallionsp '' ` ` all the way .
he gazed at the strange , fragmented map as the first light of dawn fired theeastern sky , its orange glow filling the windows.then , with effort , his hands gripping the arms of thesteel chair , he pivoted himself around again , his eyeson the stark pool of light on the desk .
the late - afternoon orange sunfiltered diagonally through the tall trees , which notonly bordered the road but were everywhere beyondon both sides .
the twin - engined riems 408 circled the privateairfield at saint - gervais , fifteen miles east ofchamonix , the amber lights of the two runwaysthrowing an orange glow up into the lower nightsky .
a diagonal orange stripe ran across the file 's gray cover , with a second bloodred bar down the spine .
but unlike the usual blanket of its type , the backing on this one was not high - visibility orange but arctic camo white .
the last two members of the spetsnaz platoon , the radio operator and the junior demolitions man , watched the small orange helicopter buzz away over the central ridge .
furniture in butter yellows and deep oranges , crisp cream curtains framed each window , throw pillows here and there in polka dots , animal prints , and stripes added bright bits of color .
night was coming , proclaimed by a blinding orange sun piercing an immense , jagged fragmented wall of clouds in the west - sharply defined shafts of uncompromising energy about to plunge over the horizon , unwilling to let this part of the world forget the light .
he was caught in the wash of the amber lights , the glowing rows a cyclorama of yellowish orange .
there were specks of orange and red , and the visored officer 's cap was laced with gold ribbing , the visor itself too prominent for the american army , the crown of the cap too pointed .
42 sundown , and the out islands of montserrat were growing darker , becoming patches of deep green surrounded by a shimmering blue sea and never - ending sprays of white foam erupting from coral reefs off the shorelines ; all were bathed in the diaphanous orange of the caribbean horizon .
conklin spun around in the chair and wheeled himself toward the balcony and the descending orange glow on the horizon beyond the deep - green out islands of montserrat .
smith and the others ran past orange and gray electric locomotives , resting in their sidings , until they came up against a stream of people going the other way .
the front building was a faded orange in color , and expansion had taken place in every direction except toward the street .
the newer additions were of the same general architecture but with different shades of orange .
the psychedelic oranges and yellows and sickening greens played a visual tattoo on her frightened features .
the late afternoon sun was a caribbean orange , the shadows shafts of black across the miniature balcony .
it was brighter now , that strange admixture of pastel yellow and hot orange that is peculiar to the jamaican dawn .
it was sundown ; rays of orange and yellow light filtered through the green trees above him and bounced off the white stone of walter piersall 's house , four hundred yards away .
he stared down at the severed end , the metal edges still glowing with dying orange , then yellow - lingering - soon to be black again .
whitehall looked around , then crossed rapidly to lawrence , who was still over the coals of the banked fire , the orange glow colouring his skin a bronzed black .
the rays of the twilight sun shot up from behind the western mountains in spectral shafts of orange ; the intercepting hills were silhouetted in brownish black , emphasizing their incredible height , their fortress - immensity .
she had long auburn hair that showed up a little orange from the way the photograph had faded with age .
they walked east , toward the first glow of orange peeking above the horizon .
slowly they turned shades of orange and yellow and red , pale shades at first , then , suddenly , brilliant tones .
tonight as the sun faded in a fiery orange ball behind pines and hardwoods , tremont was standing on the roofed veranda of the first floor of his lodge .
suddenly , the room started to spin around , the sunlight through the windows became a sprayed burst of orange .
' he 's on the terrorist council in masqat , ' broke in orange .
he was barely able to read khalehla 's note ; only the last orange sprays of sundown now streamed through the windows .
blood erupted , covering azra 's face , as the israeli , code name orange of the masada brigade , fell back on the floor .
he looked over at his slain comrade , code orange , and closed his eyes .
there were side chairs , highboys , and chess tables in the manner of sheridan and chippendale : but they were glossy with thick shellac and given an odd orange cast by antiquing stain .
a bright orange test phone was the bulkiest item .
wyatt 's alert level moved from orange to red .
they brought him in , handcuffed and wearing new orange coveralls .
i could see a large front page photo of him in his orange coveralls .
just south of the city itself , tongues of fire still danced eerily amid the twisted and broken ruins of the teller institute , flickering orange and red and yellow as the flames fed on broken furniture and supporting beams , spilled chemicals , bomb - mangled equipment , and the bodies of those trapped inside .
walls painted in striking bright reds , burnt orange , and yellows and floors in vivid blue and bleached wood were matched by unusual pieces of artwork - many based on asian , hindu , or zen themes .
when the weather was clear , burke could walk outside at night and see the sickly orange glow made by the lights of washington , d.c . , and its sprawling bedroom communities .
an enormous orange and red fireball roared high into the air .
an orderly in an orange coat hovered near the door .
she held the glass of wine near her head , and looked at the orange and violet clouds on the horizon .
marshals and led to a holding cell in the courthouse , then to the d.c . jail , where i was stripped , searched , given an orange jumpsuit , and placed in a crowded cell with six other inmates .
for the occasion , he was kept in the same orange jumpsuit he 'd been wearing since his arrival at the roanoke city jail .
as the only participant in an orange jumpsuit , and virtually the only black guy in the courtroom , quinn certainly looked guilty .
to the right is a holding area where a dozen orange - clad arrestees await their initial appearances before the judge .
a deliveryman with a box of lilies , attired in the distinctive orange and black uniform of blumchengallerie , the upscale flower chain .
he went back to the body , set it carefully on a shabby orange lounge chair , arranging the arms and head so that it looked as if the old man had fallen asleep in front of the tv .
anna noticed her thick orange pancake makeup cracking over her sun - lined face .
an hour later , a deliveryman in the distinctive orange and black uniform of blumchengallerie rang the bell of number 73 trittligasse .
ben had peeled off the baggy orange and black uniform to reveal his ordinary street clothes .
now it was a pale blue trimmed with reds and oranges .
an orange flash that , a split second later , exploded into an immense , blazing fireball .
a white background nearly faded with intermediate shades of orange - yellow , pale red , and brown mixed with cooler shades of green and blue .
then malone and ely leaped out as the room behind them filled with waves of bright orange .
he stared in wonder at a wall of glazed bricks , their blues , yellows , oranges , and blacks still vibrant after two millennia .
the woman had a tight perm , dyed orange , like a carrot .
her heat signature was picked up in strange reds and oranges and purples .
there were some stars visible through the faint city smog and the orange glow of street lighting .
five miles north the orange glow of the gasoline fire was still visible , but it was dying back a little .
and in front of a baleful orange sky .
she had gotten back to her old home , gained entrance , been fed and watered , and had a toilet provided her , and now she jumped up on jane 's armchair in the living room , curled into a striped orange ball , and went to sleep .
the ancient city dump truck was painted dark orange .
` ` and by the way , she likes light orange - i think she calls it peach - and green . ''
the sofa and matching chair were violently flowered in orange and brown and cream .
i 'd inherited madeleine after robin left lawrenceton , but i remembered writing him about the big orange cat .
i stood , in my orange knit dress , feeling the coolness of the house , the shadows cast by the bright morning sun streaming in the windows , the sudden lack of contrast when clouds floated across the sun .
reds , oranges , and yellows streak the evening sky .
directly ahead , a wood - burning stove cast the interior in a flickering orange glow .
the big man led them to a giant orange storage tank , streaked with rust , that sat on a set of deflated rubber tires .
1893 fifty - two under calmer circumstances , gloria might have noticed the sky - clouds striated with a thousand tones of orange , like you were staring up into the guts of an overripe peach , and some of them still bleeding pink curtains of snow .
she looked at her left hand , felt the candle in her fingers , saw only the faintest impression of the wick , fading from orange into amber .
looking at the lacquered lake suffused with deep orange , garnet , and magenta , i stood by the shore for several moments , watching two sunsets collide .
in the center of her lawn , against the ashen late - october sky , a silver maple exploded in burnt orange .
the top of the kerosene heater was a level metal plate , exposed directly to the glowing orange coils underneath .
the carbon blade glowed lava orange , and the metal secreted smoke .
andrew flicked the on - off switch several times and the light returned , just a faint orange glow , but adequate to work by .
there was an orange blossom .
the shadows undulated , due to the artificial fireplace , a plastic log flickering electric orange .
pulled out the shotgun , but it was too light , too small , and it was n't black metal but orange and green plastic .
turn a glowing orange .
miles to the south , the horizon put forth a deep orange glow .
the road wound through an aspen grove that was peaking - pale yellows and deep yellows and the occasional orange - and when the wind blew through the trees , the leaves fluttered like weightless coins .
he held the glowing orange coils of the van 's cigarette lighter to a dry corner of the fabric .
either way i seemed to drift not far below the surface , watching the sea above , a shifting mottle of blacks , greys and the flaming orange of burning ships .
anne was screaming now , needing help as they clambered through the wicket door of the prison compound and out into a night glowing orange with the fire of ah tabai 's explosions .
only his had signs of life : flaming tressets that painted a small loading area a shade of flickering orange ; empty carts nearby , and standing by the closed door a pair of guards .
the entrance hall was empty now and still dark , though lit by an ominous flickering orange glow .
he lit the taper then placed it into his mouth and pulled a short torch from the knapsack , which he lit and held above his head , casting a soft orange glow all around us .
it glowed with a power that painted al mualim a dusky orange , which intensified as altair watched .
35 night was falling over acre port , the grey stone harbour bathed in orange , and the last of the sun painting the sea blood red as it melted into the horizon .
but then your team made the playoffs , or you saw a movie , or a billboard glowing dusky orange and advertising aruba , or a girl who bore more than a passing resemblance to a woman you 'd dated in high school a woman you 'd loved and lost danced above you with shimmering eyes , and you said , fuck it , let 's dream just one more time .
he placed his hand on the ledge above him , and saw the orange reflect off his wrist and he pulled himself up and onto the ledge and pulled himself forward on his elbows and saw the light reflecting off the craggy walls .
the sun had set but the sky still held its warmth , a canvas of beige streaked with wisps of orange .
by the time i left my apartment , the temperature had risen into the high forties , and the muted sun , trying to push through the sheet of hard sky , looked like an orange trapped just beneath the surface of a frozen pond .
on a bright autumn morning with the air so fresh it felt like a tonic and the sun dancing lightly on the orange leaves , it seemed silly to not be at peace with my surroundings .
a pinpoint of white in the center of the black pirouetted into several larger circles of orange and expanded past my field of vision like tracers .
whittier place is part of the charles river apartments , a horrific complex of modern luxury housing built in the seventies along with city hall , the hurley and lindemann center buildings , and the jfk building to replace the old west end neighborhood , which several genius city planners decided had to be razed so boston in the 1970s would look like london in a clockwork orange .
one of them - an emaciated orange tabby with sharply defined ribs - shot past broussard and then around me , leaped into the air , landed atop one of the trash cans , and dove its head into the collection of tins i 'd seen .
bright yellows and reds afire , burnished oranges and rusty greens painted the leaves that floated from the branches , collected in the grass .
they 'd walk back down the avenue - giants , both of them - mr . olamon wearing a satin fedora at least fifteen years out of fashion with a weathered orange feather in the band , his head cocked slightly , as if he expected taunts or trash to be hurled down on him and his wife from second - story porches .
wet hand prints , tinged a bright orange under the harsh fluorescent , stained the cupboards and refrigerator door .
muted yellow or orange lights appear in window squares and shaft from car grilles , and the coming dark promises a deepening chill .
a muslin curtain hung down on the other side of the glass , and as i watched , the panes turned muted orange with light and lovell 's muddy silhouette passed by and vanished on the other side .
` ` the orange ?
he was a short man with a face the color and texture of a long - discarded orange peel and eyes as dull as his brown shirt .
he looked at joe , the moon turning his flesh orange .
` ` and i certainly am not used to dealing with the ineptitude of salespeople who write down the wrong numbers and get completely inappropriate and unwanted goods sent to me like lime green carpet and paint , and screaming orange bathroom tiles . ''
jake groaned into her mouth , then slowly disentangled himself and crawled off the bed , saying , ` ` i 'll make you grilled cheese and tomato soup ... and ginger ale and orange juice . ''
she squinted , shielding her eyes from the blinding orange rays and wishing they had a few more hours to continue their search .
i almost wiped my hands on my spiffy - keen , orange jumpsuit , but stopped at the last moment .
my knees throbbed , and his eyes shifted from orange to their usual dull red .
it was more than a little relief - it would be just my luck that a third party summoned me and i ended up in someone else 's circle dressed in this hideous orange outfit with fashionable white canvas pull - on shoes .
none of what i was wearing was mine , but it was clean and better than an orange jumpsuit .
the gas swirled constantly , resulting in patchy il umination and a shifting orange glow .
florence is very beautiful even at this time of year , if a trifle '' -he glanced at alexia- '' orange .
through the window , the sky against the horizon was a dark blue , and a faint orange glow signaled the approach of the sun .
a faint orange glow trickled out between the cracks , but pushing on it revealed the door was locked or stuck .
then a searing light spilled over the buildings , turning the tops a blinding orange , and we ran .
the boom of the heavy pistol rocked the room , echoing off walls and flaring orange and white in the darkness .
eddie leaned over and gasped , the orange flames reflecting off his face .
then we ate our roasted chicken on the patio and watched the sun set , the burnished reds and oranges rippled across the sky and reflected in the water below it .
everything was cream , gold , burnished reds and oranges .
` ` we would hold hands as we watched the gold , reds , oranges and pinks fill the sky , and we 'd talk about our dreams and goals .
teren 's eyes obviously glowed as the last of the orange flames died out .
the multiple flickering orange lights masked the glow of his eyes and emphasized the desire in them .
my vision swam and faded , the orange glow of the parking lot warping and distorting , and i never did actually see him standing in front of me .
the sun had set on the long drive over and the lights of the miles wide metropolis lit the sky with an orange glow .
the flickering orange glow from the burning coal turned the cavernous room into a waltz of light .
the cavernous storage chamber was lit only by a flickering orange glow coming through the slats from guidance engineering .
it burst into flames , red and orange .
the colors of the heavens were blood red , surrounded by shades of orange and pink .
i wo n't give you something like olive oil to drink instead of orange juice . ''
lightning edged the sky , turned the darker clouds to a fiery orange .
he gazed steadily at the sizzling streaks , building the energy until he could gather it into a bright orange fireball and direct it straight into the scurrying mass of scorpions .
within the display of white light , colors suddenly began to shimmer , blues and oranges and reds , tongues of flames like heat - seeking missiles .
mud and rock blasted from hole in the ground , a fiery orange , spewing venom after the hunter and his lifemate .
he brushed back her hair , noting the stripes once again stood out against her skin and hair in bands of orange and black and white .
instead of seeing bland gray , falcon could see them in vivid color , blue and purple shirts , one an atrocious orange .
the ghoul seemed to glow for a moment , the eyes lighting an eerie orange in the darkness , the skin sloughing off as if the creature were a snake rather than a man .
mikhail grimly continued , calling upon nature , directing a fiery orange ball from the sky to the pulsing heart .
he was shocked when the hunter held his hands in the orange flames .
blues and reds , oranges and greens - every shade of color everywhere he looked .
she gathered together the electrical particles in the air , moving them with her mind , shaping them into a fiery orange and red ball .
an orange glow soon accompanied a crackle of flames .
the flickering flames cast reflections on the wall from the pools of water , reflections that danced and mesmerized , tiny flames of orange and gold .
his eyes spun in the deep sockets , glowing red orange and yellow .
sometimes i get really brave and have them put orange juice in it . ''
bright splashes of red at its chest and abdomen , surrounded by shades of orange fading to a perimeter of glowing yellow .
the fires cast a bright orange glow and there are no vampires - the highers have vanished .
a lady , wearing a fluffy pink robe , steps onto the porch and scoops up a furry orange cat .
we were at defcon four , orange alert , or whatever came right before the blowup .
its irises were red surrounded by a sickly orange color , and its pupils were slit sideways like a goat 's .
the stench of burning plastic caught at my throat , and the flickering black and orange of a fire beckoned from the parking lot where the fib van burned .
his tattered orange robes identified him as a buddhist monk .
sparks blew up in a sudden puff of brilliant orange against the black sky .
the light from the campfire cast sky above and around in a warm orange glow .
the aging pop star was wearing outlandish orange slacks .
the older warlock straightened , tugging the soft orange of his slacks straight .
i 'd never known anyone who could look good in orange , but takata managed it .
evan 's fingers wrap around his throat and he forces his back to the ground ; his hands blazing fiercely with violent orange and red flames .
all the tv news vans were gone , and the setting sun cast an orange glow over everything .
jenks would n't bring his gaze from the kitten , a puddle of orange in his lap .
i went to jump into the van , stopping when rex took one look at me , swelled into an orange puffball , and vanished in a streak of common sense under the front seat .
he had a glass of water with a slice of lemon and two drinks of differing shades of orange .
unlike takata , i looked awful in orange .
a small but gorgeous koi tattoo swam in orange and black across a high patch of her upper chest , a permanent sign of her inclusion into the ray pack .
i glanced up to jenks in the chandelier , and the pixy shrugged , his wings a dull orange .
it exploded in a shower of orange and red .
the sun had risen just over an hour ago , but the flags of dawn still colored the sky with clouds of orange and gold at the foot of the hill on which i sat there was a hive of activity .
the sunset was beautiful tonight , all oranges and deep reds against a dark , endless blue .
claire was about to ask him what he was waiting for when the first ray of sun crept up in a blinding orange knife , and michael gasped and hunched over , pressing on his stomach .
quen 's was a green so dark as to be almost black , shot through with vibrant orange streaks about his middle and his hands - not good .
he would blab it around , and trent would hire a plane to ` ` accidentally '' drop agent orange on the entire block to stop the rumors .
even the sun shone brightly of yellow , orange and gold .
the once - dim alley was alight with a flickering orange and yellow glow .
the trees were still mostly green , with a few orange and gold leaves poking out here and there .
on screen the flames were brilliant orange , dazzling against the background of darkness .
and then there was a sudden huge burst of orange , an explosion , as the flames below the window poofed and began pouring themselves upward with frantic energy .
not the bright orange they would have been at night .
trevor was passing out orange flyers with black writing .
at his feet was an orange can that read petrol .
the sunset was glorious , spilling colors all over the sky in shades of orange and red and gold , fading into indigo blue .
the second man -- shorter , squattier , wearing a dirty orange ball cap and a stained university of texas sweatshirt with the arms cut off .
dawn was rolling over the town 's sky in waves of gold , pink , and soft oranges ; it was beautiful , and it felt ... new , somehow .
claire stood at the windows of the glass house and watched the flames paint the glass a dull , flickering orange .
the water was emerald green with bursts of orange flaring from the burning city .
phineas looked down at his jeans and bright orange , number seven knicks t - shirt .
behind the wheel , there was a flare of orange as v took an inhale from his hand- rolled .
the perfect peanut gallery for some clockwork orange shit .
as he rounded the corner of a short - and - squat , he hit a wall of mhis and penetrated the shit , coming out on the other side to a whiff of turkish tobacco and a tiny orange flare in the way - back of the alley .
the sun became an orange ball .
as my boots sunk in the soft sand , it did n't take long to see the tell - tale orange glow of the first fire .
he opened his eyes as we teetered on the thick orange rolled bars of the coaster 's track .
beautiful shades of blues and greens abounded , accented by reds , corals , pinks and oranges .
there was only one narrow window beside the weathered blue door , but the window box under it was filled with bright orange and yellow marigolds , giving the whole place a cheerful look .
the columns were in the egyptian style , not fluted but smoothly round , and brightly painted in orange , and rising to giant lotus leaves at the capitals .
chizabel was piloting the boat into a dramatic orange sunset .
it was like the dictionary definition of nondescript , sandwiched between a house with snow white and the seven dwarves enacting the nativity on the front lawn on one side , and one with a pink - and - orange swing set on the other .
the night air stirred around me , bringing with it the teasing hints of jasmine and orange .
the spurt of flame died , becoming little more than a sullen orange glow that lit the night , but the acrid smell of smoke filled the air , mingling with screams that spoke of fear or pain or both .
the only other things of note were a sagging couch covered in an ugly orange - and - brown plaid and a crooked coffee table .
gregori parked his suitcase next to the sagging couch of burnt - orange velvet , then set sean 's cell phone on the scarred coffee table .
out of place in the cramped living room was a black leather duffel bag that sat unzipped on the skirted orange - and - brown plaid sofa .
ahead of him , he saw a dim orange glow through the veil of silhouetted evergreen trunks .
in addition to the heels , he wore yellow checked gaiters , gold satin breeches , an orange and lemon striped waistcoat , and an evening jacket of sunny pink brocade .
his eyes were almost completely yellow now , with a ring of orange about the edge .
deep blue , emerald green , golden yellow , glowing orange .
kishi hirata , dressed as amaterasu , the japanese sun goddess , hi gold and orange .
` ` in traditional floral symbolism , orange or red would have been more appropriate .
she laughed again and glanced up at the sky , painted in shades of orange and blue .
white and true gold tend to be the colors associated with higher powers and metaphysics , just as red and orange are linked to love and baser instincts .
jenks had darted up at my exclamation , and his wings took on a faint orange glow as his circulation increased .
the morning sun lit the aftermath of the party with its scattered glasses , crumb - smeared plates , crumpled cocktail napkins , and decorations in orange and red .
the oranges and deep blues of the sky morphed into an inky black , while the muddy ground dimmed to a velvety sienna .
a roaring orange fire commanded attention on the far wall .
the sun had just gone down , and there was still a fiery orange and yellow glow on the western horizon .
she had on cute platform shoes that matched her orange tank top , and she inspected her nailsalso done in orangefor signs of chipping .
those that did were long and thin , a dull orange colour , grouped near the tops of the trees .
there were roses blooming , too , all colors , crimson and golden - orange and blush pink .
they 'd been carved in the rock , with pigments added - orange for the hair , white chalk for the garments , green for the plants that grew around them , and even blue for the sky over their heads .
beyond , through the open window , she saw the southern sky full of a faint orange light .
i looked up just now and i can see the palest streaks of dawn in the sky : light green and creamy orange and the faintest aqua ... .
the lighting in the old - fashioned lobby was dim , with dozens of candelabra giving the room in an orange glow that cast large , hulking shadows on the wal s. every time one of the shadows moved , i glanced over my shoulder .
at once the soft ashes exploded with tiny orange sparks ; and the sparks fastened themselves upon the wick .
soft sand stretched into clear azure ocean , the water undulating into foam , misting , blushing under the stroking beams of a bright orange ... ball .
a glowing orange ball - the sun .
the glowing orange - yellow ball of fire rose in the sky , higher and higher , burning zane 's skin but not truly harming him , as the gods had promised .
his hide was a dirty orange , with a network of horizontal and vertical lines ; if brick stood up close to a wall , he was quite hard to see .
in sator square , and in the plaza of broken moons , it hissed on the white ash of the bonfires , occasionally exposing the orange glow , which would briefly sizzle and spit .
the torches were dimmed and then raised , and the servants brought in extras to fill the room with an orange glow .
the sandstone and mud brick buildings basked under the friendly orange glow , and the slatted rushes high above their heads made crisscrosses of shade at their feet .
will shivered as the runes appeared under kahli 's finger , flashing bright orange , like flames .
waning sunlight poured in , painting the snow an eerie orange .
all was twinkling and glowing , and there came the soft rustle of green leaves overhead - the sharp sweet smell of the orange trees .
the green - tiled coffee table between the olive - and - orange - striped couch and the brick fireplace - painted to match the floor , incidentally - was on its side and shoved into the raised hearth .
i shifted nervously in the nasty orange chairs they had out here .
ford 's amulet flashed a confused orange .
there was an unusual amount of orange in a few people 's outer fringes , but everyone was upset , and it did n't surprise me .
the cot burst into flame , a glowing haze of orange hovering over it , looking like a body contorting in torment .
energy , orange and pulsating , flared between her cupped hands .
with the orange fire ? ''
` ` that 's good to know , because you 'd look awful in orange . ''
that 'd sounded infinitely better in his head than it did coming out of his mouth , as it invoked an image of him in prison orange , sitting on a bench doing time in angola like his dad .
an orange glow radiated from his hands to her stomach , similar to the one that usually shot out of acheron .
caleb 's eyes turned to a demonic orange that glowed in the darkness .
his soaking - wet skin mottled from human into its demon orange .
just as i expected , there was much chemical research being done there , and there were numerous restricted areas , and there were people working in the night in the strange rubbery orange plastic suits i had seen , and these suits seemed to be filled with air .
the walls had been newly painted a burnt orange .
nothing on the floor but the thirty - foot orange extension cord parker used to connect an old - fashioned headbolt heater in the pickup 's engine to any building 's electricity .
the lot behind the restaurant was lit by a single , fuzzy orange lamp .
leaves rattling , a glow of orange .
his floppy , sandy - brown hair stuck out from the sides of the phillies cap he wore , and he carried an ipod emblazoned with a skin swirled with orange and green .
in the library , i sat alone in a small chair in one corner , the light orange and gold through the stained - glass window , and kept staring down at my notes .
paint striped her forearms , and she 'd even gotten some orange in her hair , but she just kept grinning down at her work in progress while munching on a cookie .
the one lamp had an embroidered shade in brilliant orange and pink , which made the light unexpectedly warm and almost pretty .
a model i knew as bea was talking , her greasy - plate lips stained a weird glossy orange as she held court .
i was wearing a lovely orange pantsuit , perfect for concealing weapons .
i took the stone path through the garden and straight to the looming stucco house , painted in burnt orange .
the warm orange glow of his bedside lantern soothed to my eyes .
blood spilled over her jaw and down over her orange jumpsuit .
i knew this because i saw the color of her aura change from green to a light orange .
` ` i 'll meet you in an hour at the block in orange .
the block in orange is a hip and happening outdoor mall that seemed to appeal mostly to groups of fifteen - year - old girls who spent most of their time doubled over with laughter .
the western sky was ablaze in fiery oranges and reds and yellows , a beautiful reminder of the sheer amount of smog in southern california .
the aura around my sister was a powerful orange , a contented color , a peaceful color .
my innate sense of navigation kicked in and i was locked on to st . jude 's hospital in orange .
and the particles themselves blazed in multiple colors of oranges and blues and violets .
this one was a local orange county number .
although the sun had set an hour ago , the western sky was still aglow with oranges and yellows and reds .
very typical for old town orange , an area i loved .
now , i was on a quiet street in downtown orange , near the offices of a private investigator friend of mine , mercedes cruz .
anyway , i knew she was doing good work here in orange , protecting the legal - and illegal - immigrants from those who would take advantage of them .
as my own lyft ride commenced , he drove through orange and headed for the 22 freeway .
gouts of smoke , now a reddish orange , boiled up through the splintering mosaic .
he had described the gas as a burnt reddish orange with a sweet , spicy smell to it .
he fell into her silver eyes , reflecting orange from the firelight .
behind his shoulder , the last light of day , a feeble orange glow , shone through high windows onto a mosaic of christ feeding the apostles with the host and the wine , while angels beamed from above .
the setting sun washed their faces a warm orange .
above the massive dome of the basilica , the sky glowed amber orange .
she blew on it , brightening its color to a feeble orange .
off to the east , the horizon had brightened with the new day , rising in a steam of pinks and oranges .
in his hands a giant sword glowed a dull orange .
there 's an orange glow coming from outside my window and my bedroom door is wide open , the hallway suffocated by darkness .
the heart with an arrow through it burned a bright , bloody red , then a sunny yellow , then a burnt orange , casting its intense light out over the folks waiting to get past the red velvet rope at the entrance to the club .
a circular orange ruby a little smaller than my fist surrounded by several dozen wavy rays .
the framed pieces all had to do with fire or heat in some way , and all were done in burnt siennas , bloody oranges , fiery yellows .
warmth bubbled up in my stomach , and it had nothing to do with the orange flames crackling in the stone fireplace .
his skin was exceptionally tan , bordering on orange , the sort of fake , unnatural color you got out of a bottle .
a moment later , a bit of elemental fire sparked to life on her index finger , and her eyes began to glow a dull orange from her power , like two matches burning in her face .
the symbol glowed with a faint orange light , as though it were still hot and smoking from being burned into the wood .
stone buildings ringed the open grassy space , and a couple of maples towered up out of the ground , their red- and orange - streaked leaves providing patches of dappled shade that danced over the lawn .
the mysterious orange and yellow glyphs on the floor of kate 's office faded .
i whirled , rammed the attacker 's furry orange arm , exposing the armpit , and forced a needle into the shoulder joint .
the fire surged , bright orange and hot .
radiant , brilliant orange , streaked with pale green that almost looked like the crystals of ice growing on a window during a freeze .
from the massive roots to the tops , etched against the garish orange and gold of the sunset , the dense mass of green looked impenetrable .
arcane symbols ignited with a pale orange glow , forming complex patterns on the gray carpet .
the colored stripe on his shoulder shone bright orange .
` ` pale orange . ''
something along light orange on the m - scan . ''
outside the windows , a sunset burned down , one of those glorious texas sunsets when the color grew thick and vivid and long stripes of clouds glowed orange on a nearly purple sky .
the light outside changed slightly , gaining a pale orange tint .
an orange plain rolled outside under the purple sky .
a dozen varieties of maples in brilliant yellows , crimsons , and oranges unfurled like colorful parasols against the green , blue , and gold of the conifers .
across the ruined city , the sun was rolling toward the horizon , turning the sky orange in its wake .
the sun had set , and the moon claimed the sky , a huge , deep orange as if dipped in blood .
her eyes shone shapeshifter orange .
it looked like some magical giant had cut the world in half : the bottom was a vast field , the blades of dried grass frosted white with snow , and above it , endless , painted with the pink and orange of sunrise , the sky soared .
star - shaped lilies bloomed among wide leaves , some lavender , some scarlet , some with petals of light orange darkening to copper - red near the center .
the sun was just beginning to set and the sky burned with a riot of orange and red .
it stood straight up on his head , forming spiky peaks of brilliant orange and pretending that it was on fire .
the creature was covered with sharp orange scales and it 'd just raised them , like a dog raised its hackles .
next to them lay an orange scale .
i lunged at the orange monster .
in the west , the sun was rolling toward the sea , the sky gaining a pale orange tint .
the flames exploded with bright orange .
the scales on its stomach glowed with orange , reflecting the flames below .
ten seconds later curran hurled the twisted wreck of black and orange that used to be the maserati into the wall .
something sparked with orange in the slit of the bunker 's narrow window .
the spot where her pole had been flared with the contact from those greedy orange and yellow tongues , but i yanked her away in time .
it looked like orange and red snakes magically appeared and grew .
every now and then , though , i 'd catch an orange glow from the corner of my eye , hear indescribable screams , and know vlad was still alive .
but the pleasantly warm temperature and cheery rays streaming through the burnt - orange leaves over my head did absolutely nothing to improve my mood .
the only things that ruined the elegant scene were the wooden planks , orange extension cords , piles of power tools , and burly dwarves shouting to each other as they moved into , out of , and around the sides of the mansion .
yep , i hastened my way through the room , tugging ezra and kicking a couple of empty orange juice bottles - did n't want to know - out of our path .
the sky was a muted gray streaked with burnt orange .
the sun edged toward the horizon , the sky changing to a pale orange above the treetops as we pulled to a stop .
two blue , two green , one orange , and one yellow .
its eyes blazed a feral orange and its skin was both scaled and leathery .
the thing hissed at her , its eyes flaming violent orange for a moment .
i saw the glimmer of red as she kept digging , her paws moving quickly , the orange so thick i almost could n't see her .
a low orange cast spread downward , creating dancing shadows on the rumpled sheets .
ray did n't have any legal right to harass me in my hallway anyway , and as a former cop i knew my rights - but if i tossed him out i might as well just buy my own orange jumpsuit .
i also noted , when she finally let me go for the last time , that her ensemble today consisted of a bright pink sleeveless blouse accentuating her ample br**sts , coupled with an orange miniskirt .
three of the walls in this room were painted a virulent shade of orange ; the fourth wall was decorated with pink , yellow , and magenta flowered wallpaper .
` ` milk or orange juice ? ''
even her hair , still all weird shades of orange and red , did n't stink anymore from whatever she had done to it .
taking in the audience staring at her , meg 's fair skin turned a deep rose color , which probably looked appealing with her natural black hair but made the weird orange look weirder .
` ` the hair looks darker here ... '' a bad dye job would explain the weird orange color .
his dark blue eyes , now glowing light orange , no doubt still sensing danger , shot to her face .
his dislike for derek made his eyes a brighter orange .
the hues of gold and oranges had faded and it was now ten different shades of pink .
his eyes were the deepest , darkest shade of orange she 'd ever seen .
her eyes glowed the notable orange color of a pissed - off were .
his eyes were an angry orange color .
his eyes glowed a deep , burnt orange color .
when she turned , she saw that his eyes glowed burnt orange .
his eyes tightened and turned a light orange .
perry 's eyes turned the same orange as lucas 's .
it did n't help matters when lucas came to a sudden stop beside kylie , his eyes glowing a shade of pale protective orange .
fredericka rose defensively from her seat , her eyes glowing a shade of pissed - off orange .
and the hint of orange in the girl 's dark eyes said the claws were definitely an option .
his blue eyes grew darker , and around the edges , kylie saw flecks of burnt orange , which meant anger .
his eyes were a brighter orange now .
his eyes glowed that bright burnt orange color .
his blue eyes turned an anger - filled orange .
fredericka 's eyes turned a bright pissed - off orange .
fredericka 's eyes turned burnt orange and kylie knew she 'd pushed too far .
his own eyes were a bright orange .
` ` that 's not her blood , '' burnett answered , his eyes turning a burnt orange color .
` ` over my dead body , '' lucas roared , and his eyes deepened to a burnt orange .
a big orange cat followed them into the back .
her heart jolted when she saw their eyes glowing a burnt orange color .
` ` i look just as good in orange as you do , '' the witch sassed back while twisting a strand of her multicolored hair .
the were 's eyes grew a bright orange , but this time , he took a second to actually look at burnett 's badge .
she watched the ball of orange as it slowly inched up into the sky , drowning out the sunrise colors , but bringing dusty light and some white clouds that swayed in the blue sky .
the only scents she drew in were natural scents : the damp forest ground , and the smell of fall - that earthly smell of the leaves losing the battle to hold on to life , and turning from green to golds , reds , and oranges .
looking up , she noted the fall colors : reds , oranges , and shades of murky browns painted on the leaves .
his orange t - shirt lay on the corner of his nightstand .
she had jet - black hair , coal - black eyes , and she was dressed in bright orange .
there was a bright orange streak where the sun had gone behind the clouds that cast an ominous shadow over the land .
he then looked closely at the pictures and names on the doors and found her name in a bright orange smiley face .
there were no apples now and the leaves had already started to turn subtle hues of gold and orange that shimmered in the sunlight .
the clearing was alive with the swirling oranges , yellows , and reds that floated lazily toward the ground .
woven across her stomach , through the dress , were subtle strands of gold and orange that accented her slender waist .
victoria saw the glitter of lights ahead and along the bridge , but the orange roofs and cream - colored buildings had turned gray in the low light .
connected buildings , creamy white ones with the familiar orange roofs , butted up along narrow , twisting cobble streets .
the sun had gone completely to bed , and the only light was from the anemic half - moon and the orange cast from the torches .
victoria turned toward the house , which had crumbled in on itself in some areas and still blazed angry orange and red .
a wiry orange puff of hair preceded the maid 's eye peering around the corner .
the upper part of her face was covered by a gold mask painted with glittering streaks of blue and green , sparkling curlicues of orange and pink , and had no protrusions that would catch on nearby shoulders .
the plaster wall in front of her was scrubbed with a dark orange color that flaked off when she tried to brush her foot against it for a toehold .
she had been hoping for pinks and oranges .
it would be a very short time until the entire room erupted in flames ; the dry , rotting curtains that hung at the black windows were already suffused with angry orange and red tongues .
the metal double doors featured a prominent blaze - orange , tripetaled biohazard symbol , indicating a real or potential threat to cellular materials or living organisms .
jim 's eyes were open , his pupils dark , the sclera around them turning grayish orange , almost like an uncertain sky at dusk .
gus reminded himself of this as he angled the mirror so that the blazing orange shafts of reflected sunlight shot into the overturned van .
with a very crooked finger he picked out one wooden match and struck it against the strip on the box , bringing it flaring orange into the night .
but outside the door , a faint orange glow flickered , and there were screams and howls .
a spill of orange down its leg cooled immediately to yellow as it pooled on the ground , the creature emptying its bladder .
the sun was setting in blues , oranges and purples just above the horizon as ashe lifted sali into his mist and went straight to the roof of his house .
ashe gave cori a grin before turning the cap on the orange soda she 'd given him and drinking .
` ` metal box buried in the middle of nowhere , '' winkler choked a little on his orange juice , coughed a bit and then continued .
with orange and gold in it .
flashes of orange and yellow and red flicker around the window .
' er , yes , ' grandpa smedry said , holding up two small orange pieces of paper .
he hides them underneath some plastic orange shell chairs , and we stroll over to the stage , which is pushed against the far wall .
the stadium lights were on , bathing the campus in an orange glow and casting the hills into shadow .
when i pulled up , cassidy was leaning against a streetlamp , bathed in its soft orange glow .
a few of the houses on summit terrace already had halloween decorations up , orange lights glowing from the trees and fake cobwebs over their hedges .
his eyes really were a different color : orange .
the courier had reported an unusual aura , caught between orange and red .
his aura 's a kind of dark orange . ''
it 's orange and green , and brings out the orange in my eyes even though my eyes are usually green .
he tries to scrape a mushy orange mound onto my food , and russ screams , ` ` we are not rabbits ! ''
` ` definitely , '' i answered , still taking unfocused pictures of the green foliage mixed with hints of red and orange .
the paint brush in my hand was coated with a burnt orange , to fade the fiery hues on the canvas .
evan lit the fire as the hues in the sky transitioned from orange to dark purple .
the strapless orange top clung to her body , revealing just a hint of bronze skin around her waist .
lena began to peel a blood orange .
and i knew she was touching one of the things in that dented metal box when i saw the orange glow of the flames- the fire ignited , flames curling around the gas burner one by one , until they created a single , beautiful blazing circle on the stovetop .
he unfolded the orange flyers , and there they were : four orange invites , each cut in a circle and decorated to look like a basketball .
i pulled a folded orange flyer out of my pocket .
he took a few puffs , until it glowed a steady orange .
it moved closer and closer , turning from orange to blue and purple flames as it ignited bone after bone .
even in the pale moonlight i could tell their skin was a healthy shade of orange .
the fog gave way to a sky that was the color of the fading sun , a cross between red and orange .
i lifted my head , eyeing the burnt orange sky .
the sky was now a darker orange , signaling that night was close at hand .
some of the weight lifted along with the mist , and before us was a cobblestone road that honestly came out of nowhere as the skies cleared to the odd burnt orange .
up ahead , a rocky hill rose sharply , and beyond the crest , the glow of orange was stronger .
the dusky sky brightened in hues of orange and red , intensifying every couple of seconds .
alex continued with a mouth full of bright orange .
but it turned out that alex 's weird obsession with water , tea , milk , orange juice and even v8 , was the biggest concern .
in the sky a faint orange and pink hue lingers until finally the shadows pull it away and leave only darkness .
most of the lights in the house are on , letting a faint orange glow spill out of the windows .
nathan and isaac stare at each other for an intense moment , the fire glowing orange on one side of nathan 's face .
there is no electricity here and the only light glowing in the windows is the dancing orange flames most likely from lanterns lit all throughout the house .
the dark sky is layered by a thick orange glow with cinders and flames rising up in every direction .
the walls are bathed in a dark orange glow and everything feels eerie , maybe because it 's always early in the morning when i ' m here and venturing into aramei 's mind .
it was dark outside , and akiva 's eyes reflected orange in the window glass .
soon all the lush greens of the landscape will burn away into fierce reds and oranges ; and then those , too , will burn away , into the stark black brittleness of winter .
the smell of smoking wood , the low , flickering shadows , raven 's shoulders touched by an orange glow : it makes me feel as though i have n't yet woken from my dream .
soon we pass one of portland 's two gas stations , around which a group of regulators stands guard , guns pointing toward the sky ; then dollar stores and a laundromat with a faded orange awning ; a dingy - looking deli .
i half expect her to snap back at me , but she just sighs and stares at the smoldering orange glow still embedded in the ash , like a buried sunset .
the sky is now streaked with long filaments of orange and red , like the tendrils of a massive jellyfish , floating in a milk - white ocean .
the vertical neon sign advertising consultation and diagnosis is dark , but a small orange sign hangs beyond the grungy door : open .
the sky was streaked with brilliant oranges and reds .
shannon 's long hair flashed burnt orange as i recognized her long stride .
slowly , slowly the reds faded to oranges , and then swirls of blue appeared .
the tips of the intertwined peonies flamed white hot , with the centers burning deep reds and oranges .
in between an awful neon orange sweatshirt and a university blue one is a black dress .
does she realize that right now she 's lit by the warm orange spreading from the horizon , as not - quite - day becomes not - quite - night ?
a few moments later , he returned with his sneakers , loud orange and white high - tops .
the sound felt imprinted inside him , the same way a bright orange shimmer lingered on his corneas after staring too long at the sun .
nothing unusual , or at least that 's what i thought until i picked up the final object - a glass swan with a bright orange beak - and noticed the floor of the bench rocked slightly .
the fire casted an orange glow on to their faces , which , of course , were blurred over by a sheet of haze .
there was an old wooden table pressed up against the back wall where a candle burned , the orange glow of the flame lighting up the tiny dirt room .
stephan strolled up to fireplace ; the bright orange glow of the flames reflected in his dark eyes .
i could also make out the faintest orange glow up above me that had to belong to the sun .
aislin sprinkled a black powder over the candles , making the flames shift from a bright orange to a deep red .
` ` good work , '' stephan said to the vampire , his eyes glowing like coals in the bright orange glow of the fires .
` ` what- '' she cut off at the hiss of flames , flickers of reds and oranges and yellows peeking out from behind the tree .
the sky glowed bright orange as the sun dipped below the horizon , casting distorted shadows along the ground in front of her .
the photos were all gone , the cream - colored walls vacant except for the subtle orange glow enveloping the apartment from the sunrise .
he may have been there to surrender himself to a bright orange jumpsuit and confinement in a rat hole , but he saw no reason why he could n't at least do it in style .
corrado remained locked away at mcc , outfitted once again in an oversize orange jumpsuit .
we were sort of just standing in the middle of the gym holding sticks , watching everyone else chase and slap at a little orange ball .
his eyes followed the little orange ball that the rest of our gym class was running after and slapping at .
` ` no , i do not want cadmium f**king orange ! ''
` ` what 's wrong with orange ? ''
the long shirt with little tears in it , little flashes of orange showing through each rip .
` ` oh , orange .
the orange is so close to gone , now it just looks like light brown mixed in her dark hair .
i fixed my gaze on the bright orange and red flames .
down the street was a tomato orange car with whitewall tires and dark windows .
landscape flying past a window ... then a sports car , shiny tomato orange .
she wore a flowing orange gown and a wide - brimmed hat , looking like something right out of a painting .
well , i do n't know how normal girls react to the ` ` do n't look now '' command , but spy girls are trained to find the nearest reflective surface ( which was the sterling - silver orange juice pitcher ) and look .
there were uniformed officials holding big orange markers .
it 's really pretty to see the reds , oranges , and yellows fade behind the mountains , outlining the landscape before finally disappearing for the night .
but living with an ugly orange chair is a lot different than putting up with a fraternity .
the corridor was narrow and dim , and led to a room that glowed a luminous orange .
wicked - witch orange . ''
between his fingers burned the orange glow of a cigarette .
without warning , an orange glow flared in my mind .
the light from a blazing fire flashed through the smoke , flames leaping and dancing like an exquisite magic show : brazen gold and molten orange and great plumes of black smoke .
there 's a stack of coats and sweaters on the chairs and i recognize my cousin heather 's bright orange down jacket .
i looked at the glowing orange ball disappearing over the horizon , wishing we could go home .
when he raised a hand and shoved it back , the porch light caught his pupils and made them glitter orange .
a huge orange moth fluttered by my head , alighting at the top of the post , and i waved a hand to shoo it away .
wooden shutters and doors stood open to the night , and an old - fashioned lantern hung beside the entrance , flickering orange .
the flames sprang up , tongues of orange and red , bathing the glade in a ghostly light .
here in touristy stratford - upon - avon , they stand out like fire - orange poppies in a field of green .
willem has the guilty grin of a bank robber , not to mention loot spilling out of his hands : a candy bar , three cups of assorted hot beverages , a bottle of orange juice under one armpit , a can of coke under the other .
she holds up a pair of shiny orange flip - flops .
i check out an orange , plastic container made to look like a picnic basket .
there is a huge faded poster of a football player wearing a bright orange uniform .
a torpedo of orange raging its way , the certainty of a white death coming mine .
the glowing knife did , the blade sunk deeply into its heart , the handle pulsating orange beneath the moonlight overhead .
bright pinks and oranges ripped across the sky at night .
the sun is just beginning to set over the ocean , the sky turning orange and purple .
the doors and entire front wall of the club were now nothing more than an orange , raging inferno .
enormous bales of hay covered the landscape as far as i could see , lit in orange and red .
huge sections of asphalt spun into the air , turning bright orange as though heated from within , and zinged straight at the arum .
in the center of the stone , there was a reddish - orange flame and below it , speckles of blue and green .
at first it 's simply confetti , but then orange marbles pour down .
the bread was thick and white , the carrots a sparkling , bright orange .
the open sky in front of him was a deep purple , slowly fading into the bright blue of day , with tinges of orange from the sun on a distant , flat horizon .
there is a sign above the doorway , made of carved wood , showing a semicircle sitting on a horizon , with rays coming out of it , all painted in bright golds and oranges and red .
the first object he pulled from the dusty trunk was a human head , mummified and shrunken to roughly the size of a navel orange , the skin turned the color of molasses .
night had fully fallen , but now the grounds were alight in a smoky orange glow , crowded with spasmodic shadows , choked with the cannon - ade above and the death cries below .
most of the lights in the masons ' house are dark , just a faint orange glow coming from the bowed living room windows , and two porch lights flickering .
andy reaches under the pillow and pulls out a neon orange square that reads : andrea .
` ` this is like an orange alert , breakup - wise . ''
some the typical orange and yellow colors , but some more a green or blue hue .
there are certain things a girl just knows , like that a fourth minute on a punk song is a bad , bad idea , or that no way does a jersey - boy bassist with astor place hair who wears torn - up , bleach - stained black jeans and a faded black t - shirt with orange lettering that says when i say jesus , you say christ , swing down boy - boy alley ; he 's working the ironic punk boy - johnny cash angle too hard to be a ' mo .
the city tinted as pink in waking as it is in orange and blue when it falls to sleep .
it was warm and bright and , if it were n't for the trees that had already changed - deep reds and oranges interspersed with the deep green of the pines - it might have been the beginning of summer .
out of his back pocket he pulls a pair of elbow - length , bright orange rubber gloves .
he pulled a fat orange envelope off the bookcase and handed it to me .
chapter 4 hanna marin , campaign strategist on thursday evening , as the sun was sinking into the trees and dyeing the sky orange , hanna marin pressed her iphone to her ear and waited for the voice mail message to beep .
she climbed out of the tub , wrapped herself in an orange towel , and handed three towels to her old friends .
the woods were a wall of orange .
she said , a halo of orange around her mouth .
the front walk was crowded with yellow buses , a traffic guard in a bright orange vest , and , of course , the ubiquitous news vans .
the house smelled like apples , the walls had been painted deep reds and oranges , and bejeweled indian tapestries hung on the big space under the stairs .
she promptly selected a purple down - filled jacket , legging - like black ski pants , matching purple - and - black padded ski gloves , a package of thick wigwam socks , and orange goggles with a thick strap .
now , in spencer 's den , emily reached into her pocket and touched the silky orange tassel once more .
now the news showed a video of jordan walking out of a courthouse in an orange jumpsuit .
jordan being led to jail in an orange jumpsuit .
it felt like someone had just told her the sky was green , the water orange .
the liquid had oozed out , coloring their faces orange .
her father wore an obnoxious orange and pink hawaiian shirt under his armani sport jacket , just like every other man in the room over the age of forty .
management spray - painted parts of the 1970s orange brick white to hide the graffiti .
even now , it hurt me more than it did normal people , and my eyes burned to the point that i put on my glasses when other people were staring right up at that glowing orange ball like it was the best thing they 'd seen all day .
the scientist moved a dial and concentric rings kindled to a glowing orange .
the fire had burned down low , so fade moved to stir it , churning the glowing orange sparks through the ashes , then he added a length of wood from the pile .
with some work , instead of looking the same everywhere , the city would eventually become a patchwork of reds , oranges , greens , whites , and purples .
unless , i ' m one of those people who does n't know they smell bad , because it 's you and you 're so used to your own smell- ` ` i do n't have anything to drink other than beer , orange juice and water .
the sun drops into the ocean and splashes browns and reds and yellows and oranges into the world outside my window .
green and red and orange hues , warm lamps softly lit in the large space .
in the months since i 'd been at red rock , the magenta had faded to a rather putrid shade of orange and my roots were coming in under the black .
although he still wore the tattered jeans he had worn on the night he crossed , he had crossed shirtless , and now his muscular chest had taken on a faint orange , velvety sheen - almost like fur .
he looked like a sock that had been flushed down the toilet - having traveled through all those gross pipes - only to be spit out of some sewer grate into a wet orange nike box set up sideways like some elementary school kid 's diorama .
ricky holds the shirt above his head and reads the words written in hunter orange .
` ` cool , '' franks says , taking the shirt from me , admiring the orange lettering and rubbing the material between his thumb and forefinger as if the shirt were made of precious fabric - like it 's the original american flag sewn by frickin ' betsy ross or something .
angelica 's was a brilliant shade of orange , while conrad and terrence 's were an army green color .
eyes that flamed orange as if they themselves were the setting sun , orange as if they were the spark of light in the oppressive darkness that were the only things strong enough to burn the entire world to the ground .
his eyes flashed with the color of fire , the brightest orange for a moment before settling into a burning flame that would warm the coldest room .
her eyes were like gabriel 's , orange and glowing , but deeper , more burnt orange , like the color of leaves changing in the fall , than fire .
i looked at him , his eyes flaring to life in flames of bright orange , ` ` you are the oracle .
the sun had dipped further into the sky , cresting over the mountain peaks and painting the horizon with vibrant pinks , oranges and purples .
however , there was no disguising gabriel 's orange flames that flickered wildly behind his aviators .
threat level orange .
i smiled down at her for one more perfect second while the light of the eastern rising sun lit up the wide open nebraska sky in a rainbow of pinks , purples and oranges .
a tiny flicker of orange against my closed lids prompts me to open them to see tarver nurturing a fledgling fire so carefully that his hands are shaking with the effort .
she points out a few dim orange lights here and there that i missed - the machines are in standby mode .
she ran a hand through her fiery orange hair and looked up at me from the floor .
serena 's hair naturally flamed bright orange .
she 's wearing an orange tank top and her hair has been lightened by the sun .
claire sat next to her dad , a triangle of stubby legs in the corner of the couch , knees splayed out from her orange jumper , fingers and lips golden from the curry .
his wound blazed orange , yellow , and red , like a fire .
little tributaries of faded orange ran down the creases of her lips .
her fingers rubbed lotion along the border of william 's inflatable orange water wings .
when she reached into her locker for her english book , an orange flyer fluttered to the ground .
cat was debuting a similar dress in orange .
cat and eureka passed a tribe of pilgrim - costumed freshmen gathered around a fire pit in the center of the lawn , their faces lit orange and yellow by the flames .
as a hazy orange sun crept up over the bayou , she studied the erratic pattern of madame blavatsky 's breathing .
she squeezed william 's inflatable orange muscle as he wiggled under her covers .
i stand beneath the shelter of the carport watching the sunrise and the sky shift to a bright pinkish orange .
we were all dressed in the style of suli fortune - tellers , in vibrant orange silk cloaks and red lacquered masks carved to resemble jackals .
i see a lovely shade of orange .
as they pulled out of the drive , prudence gave me a sassy grin and held up something that looked like my chronos key , glowing a soft orange ... ` ` we only had the one car - so following them was out of the question .
the house is dead quiet , and the only lights are the dim orange glow from the nightlight plugged in the nearby hallway and the one over the kitchen counter , illuminating the bar .
a tall , searing rod of fire curls up over the top of the pile and illuminates the darkness all around us with a dancing orange glow .
when the doors opened , the air spilling in from the outside tossed her hair about her face and carried that honeysuckle - orange scent rolling towards me .
` ` how many mercers does it take to clean up an orange juice spill ? ''
` ` i bet he looks good in orange , '' gabby trilled .
emma was about to switch on the light when she saw the burning orange glow of a cigarette in the backyard .
the window over the door was a stained - glass image of the sun coming up over the mountains , and the light filtering through it cast an orange glow over the room .
the unit numbers were painted on the doors in bright orange , starting with 100 .
her eyes scattered over my cliche , right down to the hunter orange color , jumpsuit .
of course , modern day essentials like email , texting , or even a damn phone call were a rare luxury when you stood on the other side of the judicial line in an orange jumpsuit , so there was no way for me to know with absolute certainty joseph had everything i 'd entrusted to him under control .
` ` i look like a lumpy pumpkin in orange , but it could open all kinds of doors for me as a private eye .
he was almost as large as her overseer , clothed in reds and oranges that matched his thinning hair .
in the light of the setting sun , the castle hallways were awash with red and orange and gold , the colors bleeding together .
roasted lamb rubbed with thyme and lavender , duck glazed with orange sauce , pheasant swimming in green - onion gravy ...
fire in the realms was a rippling orange and yellow light that gave off a gentle warmth .
it outlined the curve of talon 's cheeks with an orange glow .
the steel arrowhead inches away began to glow orange .
his temper trilled with excitement , bright orange and pungent .
my hair turns out orange .
we ' ve tried everything , re - dyed it like five times , even tried to dye it jet - black , but the color always washes out to the same horrendous , eye - stabbing orange .
i choose the chair facing away from christian and his pals so they ca n't see my face , although i ' m sure they 'll recognize my wild orange hair if they give me more than a cursory glance .
we park along a weather - beaten log fence right next to a big orange sign that reads , private property .
it will play down the orange of my hair and play up the blue in my eyes .
the sky a golden orange .
the sky is turning that familiar golden orange .
the trees surrounding the cluster of buildings were stunning shades of red and orange and gold , and when the bell tower chimed the half hour , i thought my heart might burst with pride .
it 's got a shiny orange top and its gills glisten with a purplish iridescence .
i could surely sell cloth like this in charleston , if not stuffy old boston ... further study is required ... after my bottom is well wrapped in a light orange and white sari with little green flowers all over it and a light chemise has been put on my top , the end of the sari cloth is placed over my right shoulder for me to use as head covering or veil , whichever i choose .
the groom 's cake was a 4 tiered chocolate cake that had an orange longhorn on the front of each layer .
her orange stilettos match her oversize orange earrings dangling down to her shoulders .
` ` we did n't grow , '' said the fox , its fur the vivid orange color of a blazing fire .
we walked , hand in hand , through a wood of blue - tinged evergreens , and we crossed a lacquered red and yellow bridge over an ornamental pond ; we walked along the edge of a field in which young corn was coming up , like green grass planted in rows ; we climbed a wooden stile , hand in hand , and reached another field , planted with what looked like small reeds or furry snakes , black and white and brown and orange and grey and striped , all of them waving gently , curling and uncurling in the sun .
a fire blazed in the hearth , illuminating the room with oranges and yellows .
i could have run down it , if the far end of that tunnel had not ended in a bitter orange sky .
on a stump beside them a green - grey lizard blinked a red eye at them , a golden hornet buzzed above their heads , and a snake that was grey on top rolled out of their way and showed an orange belly .
one hand groped at his pocket , came away , scratched absently at the orange thicket under the shirt , then went patting his hip pocket .
everything in it was gray - no , not quite everything : something glinted on the floor , something the color of an ember in a nursery fireplace , the color of a scarlet - and - orange tulip nodding in the may sun .
nana spread some kind of orange sauce over the top loaf .
the moon was round and full , set ablaze with orange and red , as if the surface had been wounded and was bleeding .
i watched the cold black creep over the orange .
but this beast was all black fur with ripples of fiery orange .
at the landing , the stained - glass window of noah gathering animals into his ark filtered hues of orange , cherry and lemon into a pattern of light over the carpet runner .
i was already yanking my nylon orange windbreaker from its hanger .
not one single joy division or clockwork orange type of vintage poster .
when he woke , all horizons were a bright orange , as if multiple suns were rising in every direction .
another one that was not so near seemed like a natural formation of orange and yellow sandstone rather than something constructed .
coming up behind the bony warriors lumbered a dull orange stegosaurus with maroon markings .
positioned at the right angle , the torivorian metal picked up orange highlights from the burning dock .
there were peacocks with feathers of lustrous blue and violet , and others with plumage shimmering in vibrant shades of lime green and yellow , or fiery hues of red and orange .
her flames had become gloriously varied - golds and reds and oranges .
i quickly puff out the smoke and do it a few more times , getting light - headed and then i hand it over , the end glowing orange through the dark .
` ` what a slut , '' seth says under his breath as he reaches for a red plastic cup full of vodka and orange juice .
as if to prove a point , ellie twitched her line , reeled it in , inspected a tiny orange nubbin on the hook .
something slammed against her back as a bright orange flash erupted out of the dark , and a shotgun boomed .
the knife had cooled to a dull orange , but she could feel the heat radiating in waves and knew the steel was still plenty hot .
with the day gone , the west window was a pulsing orange sliver with light thrown by grace 's cook fire .
the moon was n't up yet , but the horizon was a wash of scarlet and neon orange .
that kind of dirty orange stuff . ''
in the yellow light , his blood spray was dark orange .
the color of iraq then was this really funky neon orange , not dead ash - gray .
the light clattered to the floor , the orange spray winking out .
an orange - yellow rose blossomed .
the blast , an intense neon orange , ballooned ; pine logs exploded in a shower of yellow sparks .
an orange geyser spumed from a bedroom window .
she dog - paddled , her head cranked so far back she stared at blue sky blushing orange and red , the end coming on .
the orange of the fire eventually diminished .
this particular old guard sported a ratty moustache so saturated with nicotine it was dirty orange .
the light turned what you 'd only think were regular old rock - rocks into bands of deep rust - red and gold and , best of all , neon orange , as bright as iraqi sand .
when the orange tom only shows his needle - teeth , she says what mom always does when lizzie misbehaves : ` ` my goodness , what 's gotten into you ? ''
to the left and across the drive , the big prairie barn hulks in the gloom , and that is when her sharp eyes pick out the pulse of a weird orange glow that is very , very wrong .
the beam 's color was off , too : not blue - white but a ruddy orange , like old blood .
in the dwindling orange glow of the fire , his expression was unreadable .
` ` you know , like some kind of nerve gas or that agent orange . ''
` ` agent orange ? ''
dropping on its hydraulic slave , the snowblower came alive with a mechanical scream , the massive orange auger chewing and biting snow that , finally , had decided to behave a bit like real snow .
rima 's lips peeled away from teeth tinted orange with blood .
` ` characters writing characters that bring other characters to life ... '' what was left of rima 's mouth skinned a grin that was all tattered flesh , smeary orange teeth , and purple clot .
` ` so are you okay or do i have to wait till tomorrow to rag on you for wearing orange ?
andrea soto was lean and muscled as if she did pilates or yoga , with a big orange satchel slung over one shoulder , as advertised .
it was a moment before i glimpsed sam , ace , and charlotte talking behind the orange tape with the security guard watching them from a few yards away .
the sun rose behind us , but haze or smog filtered out most of the orange , making the ocean a slowly developing blue - and - purple portrait .
onscreen , a little girl plugged in a small orange speaker and clapped delightedly .
code red : fire code orange : hazardous material spill / release code yellow : bomb threat code blue : someone 's heart has stopped a few of the more twittering idiots in my class had been transported by fear at the idea of a code possibly going down during our clinicals .
probably it would have been insufferable if he had n't also had a very comfortable - looking sofa and an orange bust of beethoven and all of the woodsided old speakers he 'd brought to the very first episode .
browns and reds and oranges , all worked through the counters and cabinets and tiles and faded photographs stuck into the doors of the cabinets .
this was a frigid evening - maybe six or seven o'clock , judging from the sun glowing orange through the leafless tree line .
the strongest of them , caramel and brown sugar , smell as yellow - orange as the sun , came first .
adam and gansey sat in a cracked orange booth along the wall .
he was not truly red , but the burned orange of a fire ant .
streetlights fenced the asphalt , slashing reflections over the atomic orange hood .
as blue moved to where gansey sat , she caught a glimpse of his car at the curb : a flash of impossible orange , the sort of orange orla would definitely paint her nails .
the furred lichen on the trees was a murky orange .
its face and clawed feet were black , but the rest of its bumpy hide was a checkerboard of orange and black .
there was a hint of orange in there .
in the flickering orange light , a massive black animal bellowed and charged as tall , whip - like men with horns tormented it , tossing glowing hot embers at its sides and face with their bare hands .
` ` it was more like ribbons of orange , something you 'd see twirling off a cheerleader 's baton . ''
tick dropped his eyes and held out his hands to look at the glowing orange mist of chi'karda swirling around his arms and through his fingers .
a flat layer of bumpy clouds panned across most of it , the eastern edge outlined in fiery orange .
he looked at the firekelt , mostly in shadow again because of the faint orange light still coming from behind it .
he threw another blast of chi'karda at her ; she blocked it with a visible bubble of solid air tinted orange .
the cathedral was dark now , the only illumination a weird orange glow eking through the stained - glass windows .
then i saw her cuffed hands flare orange , and she reached behind her and grabbed him .
i looked up but could see only clouds of smoke , the flickering orange of fires reflected against them .
the flame in her hand changed color , fading from orange to a cool indigo .
its orange glow fell over the eight sacred pillars that graced all djinns ' temples , and magpie knew she was right about this place .
its threads took on the orange glow of the djinn , but the subtle sparkle of many other colors gleamed in its folds .
i saw an orange flash of light and the windshield exploded , showering us with glass .
i saw another dull orange flash , and the rear window exploded .
we drove in silence until a faint orange glow appeared on the horizon .
straight ahead the horizon glowed a brilliant amber with little sparks flying around in the orange like sunlight reflecting off the tips of waves .
now the orange on the horizon had deepened to a fiery red mixed with bright white sparks .
i looked toward the orange glow and now there was red tracer fire from the group ahead arching into it , and when it touched the fire , a black tear or hole appeared , lingered for a few seconds , then closed back up .
i turned and saw two things : the sun rising in the east and something silhouetted against it - actually about fifty somethings , coming straight for us , flying in tight formation , their four low - hanging turrets flashing orange balls of light as they came .
the tallest peak was surrounded by a familiar orange glow flecked with bright white light .
but my shot was true - the muzzle was only a few inches from its head - and the thing blew apart into flecks of black and orange and gold .
this was n't illusion created by the demons to drive me mad ; this was real and , looking to my left as we flew into the southbound lanes i saw orange and black everywhere , and the flashing red and white lights of fire engines .
his color , never very healthy looking , now looked even worse , a kind of burnt orange , and spit rolled from his open mouth .
there was fire in louisville and frankfort ; we could see the fuzzy orange glow of it burning through the fog .
after a few more miles the yellow had darkened to a dusky orange .
countless orange balls of fiery light filled my entire field of vision , like burning meteors screaming toward the earth , and in the lead paimon came , holding a flaming sword in its right hand , and the thing it rode came at me openmouthed , teeth shining in the light , flying faster than i could fall .
nueve was waiting for me by the windows , sitting in one of the rockers that had been painted the classic orange of the university of tennessee .
some souls glowed bright orange , others were the shade of dusky twilight , others were a pure blue , others shone in colors liza did not have a name for , so the whole effect of standing before the web of souls was like staring up at the world 's largest christmas tree .
he went over and sat down next to her , taking care not to disturb either the tube they had stuck in her arm or the tube sending air down her nostrils or the tube he knew occasionally got taped to her chest , when the bright orange chemicals were pumped into her at her treatments .
the sun was starting to set , painting the sky in brilliant oranges and reds .
wara was wearing frayed jeans and yet another hippy shirt , this one a pumpkin orange with purple tie - dyed rings and little brass bells hanging from the sleeves .
but wara found alejo staring off at the pile of blue canvas orange sacks , looking much more serious than she had hoped .
the room just inside the door was cramped , graced with a burnt orange couch with torn upholstery and a few armchairs .
the older man flipped on a light , revealing an office with blond wood walls and multiple low bookcases painted a very ugly burnt orange .
she was a tawny orange color , so i called her cheez - it , my favorite snack at the sophisticated age of seven .
tarren remains silent , but his energy ticks with hints of orange .
i feel tarrens energy coming at me , simmering an angry orange that he s obviously trying to hold in check .
tarren lets the leash on his energy slip just a little and his aura ratchets in bright oranges and reds that set my body humming .
his aura is a rush of rusted oranges , browns and reds .
gabe sighs , and his aura pulses a tangy orange that i m beginning to associate with his embarrassment or distress .
looking at it on google it reminded me of a match box that had been painted grey , stood on its edge ; then had a bright orange pitched roof plonked along the top of it , it was out of all proportion .
the morning sun had already lifted the veils of darkness and painted the mountain tops with broad strokes of orange and red when a long trek of vehicles of all kinds , engulfed in a cloud of laughter and lively voices , rolled slowly into town , just to disperse into all directions to deliver the happy party guest to their homes .
looking over my right shoulder the night sky was lit by an orange glow , there was a violent explosion , evidence the fire had spread to the ships .
i ve got sodas , tea , orange juice and water ; or , he held his glass up , something a little stronger , if you prefer .
the high spots were blacker , while the low spots blended into a rusty orange color .
they kept diving off the raft and swimming like small orange alligators into the cold clear water below .
the bonfire lit , filling the chamber with its orange glow .
the sun was setting over the desert landscape , painting the sky in hues of orange and yellow .
the sun was now extending one orange tip above the horizon .
quite a darkness there , he said , his head down , but now i see two orange boxes .
as the two passed overhead , prissi saw a flash of orange .
she flapped her wings , and went airborne trailing orange , yellow and red particles like the tail of a comet .
he can make out flashes of orange and knows that the wingers are too deep into the woods to be able to easily fly out .
when the girl looks over her left shoulder , she sees that an arc of yolk has risen above the horizon and the pre - dawns red lava line is morphing into a sweep of orange .
it showed a huge mass of whites , oranges , and reds , indicating live bodies , but trailing behind it was an intermittent string of cooling corpses colored green , blue , and black .
in the night , in the mud and rain , in the orange glow from the stable lights and the blue lightning the two of them looked like one single alien thing suffering its final death throes .
an orange flicker , as if from flame .
today , they each wore pastel dresses , one of them fire orange and the other electric blue .
gray haired , he wore tattered jeans and the most hawaiian hawaiian shirt lucas ever laid eyes on , a veritable explosion of orange and red flowers .
zeida had on formal clothing , this time instead of lavender all around the room her reddish orange dress stood out .
let the sacrificing commence , shouted the demon shaking the ruler of the house of dames hand then disappearing as the disciples chanted a few words and entered the childs body by her mouth like a black smoke turning her hair blood red and eyes fiery orange .
she was in every way flawless , a tan skin as if fitted upon her body to perfection , her eyes a fiery orange , fire red , waist length hair held in a bun , but was loose enough to let the hair cover her shoulders .
she married into irish nobility from antrim causing her children to argue between the orange and the green .
the grass was a dark shade of orange .
zos pulled to a stop at the bottom of the cliff near what looked like a three dome house with a large orange crystal triangle across its roofs .
this outfit was warm browns and dark greens with streaks of orange and black .
she was colored with vibrant orange strips and white around her nose and chin .
it was a sickening orange and green shot with the most awful purple she had ever seen .
the dawn just breaking over the horizon was a breathtaking display of reds , oranges and purples .
it was comforting to see the leaves in bright orange and yellow .
yellow plains sheath is a type of large ornamental grass orange plains sheath is a type of grain , is larger that the yellow verity and used for flour .
i used a cloudy atmosphere ; the clouds stroke across the sun , covering almost half of it , making the birds and part of the clouds appear dark on a deep orange horizon coloured by the setting sun .
ready at last , they stepped out onto the little back vestibule , made of crumbling orange brick , and mana pointed a large , black umbrella at the path that bisected the back gardens .
a small orange crab waved a claw at riki , and a bright blue one nipped at neils finger .
brilliant streaks of reds and orange set the sky ablaze .
the night gradually slipped away as the first light broke across the morning sky , the bright orange cutting through everything in its path , a brilliant hue settling over the lands below .
rainbow colored reflections seemed to shimmer and twinkle even in the dim orange glow from the open flame .
the sun was gone , and only a shrinking orange semi - circle still glowed over the darkening sea horizon .
the sun was dropping on the horizon , and the plaza was covered with an orange glow .
the wire moved the carrot by itself and peeled off only the outer layer of the orange tuber and cut off the green stems within only a few short seconds .
without making a single sound they weaved closer until there came a faint orange glow growing brighter the further they made their way .
the area became saturated with an ominous and flickering orange glow .
someone was using a lit torch because the dark ceiling turned into a flickering dark orange .
i concluded the dance and faced the entrance of the enclave , and i saw the orange coat with black spots signalling ra 's arrival ; i greeted her with my mind and she responded .
the violet light began to grow dappled with orange .
her overlook lifted highest in the air , had the brightest orange glow in its window ( the last to go out every night ) , and a solid , miles - long view down the only path .
it was a shade of darker orange , or maybe it just looked that way because of where we were .
as the zombies approached jeff and jennifers eyes began to glow orange .
soldiers in blue and green camouflage escorted scott and siders from the jeeps which they traveled in to the helicopter where they were meet with soldiers dressed in orange and green camouflage .
earlier on the way in from celina they had borrowed a police no parking orange warning cone .
this ring glowed a bright orange but was not hot , but she could feel air rushing from it .
before sam could answer , the lower ring of the saucer began to spin faster and faster and started to glow a bright orange color .
then all of a sudden the storm clouds went from dark grey to fiery orange , and that is when i saw a flame come right at me i awoke in a cold sweat .
smoke , black and dirty grey flecked with orange from the cannon flashes , just rolls down on us from out of nowhere .
the sea is running a long solemn swell , and all we can see as we close the distance , is the huge pall of smoke pitted with flashes of orange marking the spot where the two fleets have locked horns in almost zero visibility .
as dusk falls , an orange glow flickers in the sky , and we hear later , that true to form , the french strike their colours with little resistance .
an orange glow showed at their bows as they began to push against the shield .
one of his neurologists said his symptoms suggested agent orange .
at the time i had no idea what agent orange was but now , yeah , they could have been right .
another thing i did nt know back then - agent orange was a vietnam want - to - forget item .
as this bottom ring spun , it glowed bright orange that appeared to be hot ; however , i did nt feel any heat emanating from it but i could feel the rush of air it caused .
yes , thank you , the prince said , but the leaves - how are they gold and orange and red ?
the sun has nearly set , though it is difficult to determine through the veil of trees , the entire sky glowing a dark shade of orange .
an eerie orange glow overtakes the battlefield , as each of the men continue to assert their strength .
leaping backward , the gerudo is momentarily confused by the growing orange glow all around him .
a maniacal laughter echoes across hyrule field as the ninja slowly absorbs the fire into himself , a blinding orange glow emanating from beneath his hood .
navi asks , suddenly very interested in the random patch of brownish - orange grass .
they were interrupted when spice returned , carrying an armful of large , bright orange spheres .
she had to refuse champagne , orange juice , food , coffee , meals , nuts , and popcorn .
behind the counter on the wall was an illuminated splash of yellow , white , orange and indigo .
she could see sakura had an orange aura ( emotion , health ) but she had strong spokes of green ( healing , love of nature ) .
it got louder and louder and an orange glow began to be seen through the side portals .
that s the reason the lights are showing orange .
i have two greens and one orange .
they made a small hole in one of the pouches of liquid orange juice , squirted the yellow bubbles of juice into the vodka bottle , doing their best to mix the two liquids together , and aligned the openings of the two bottles .
it should have been magnificent , but in the dark night with the orange glow of dozens of burning torches it just looked evil .
neither was there the orange glow of a street - light flooding through the window to tell her she was in her own apartment .
the lights simultaneously switched off at that moment with only an orange glow from the door window to provide overnight light .
her skin no longer looked pale but had an eerie orange hint to it .
the autumn came quickly then it should be , the proof being the tress which were metamorphosing their leaves in vivid colors like yellow , red or orange .
look angell , the oriental orange .
the sun was setting bored , throwing its last orange rays before it would enter the sea .
the name is oriental orange .
my house has the oriental orange signature ; its a building company , right ?
* * * the sky , astern of the speeding e - boat , lit up with bursts of orange and red light from the escorts exploding ammunition .
the ticket collector had a shaded hurricane lamp propped in the corner , its orange glow illuminating his plump pickwickian face as he clipped the ticket .
the bridge was still intact and the flicker of orange from her guns , told their own tale .
they were so sharp in their brilliant orange and neon blue colors hailey was a little jealous she was not also those colors .
the perfumed air from millions of orange blossoms softened the erratic flight of the busy white - orange winged butterfly delivering pollen from tree to tree .
thadeus sat wedged into his orange tree root chair at the entrance of his burrow twenty yards away .
and like a huge orange disc the sun hung above the mountains now on one side of the road and now on the other .
ben thought to himself : its as if the mountains are playing football with a huge orange ball .
initially it had been a light orange colour , but then it had turned into a tender blue but now it had taken on a dark blue hue carpeted with bright silver stars .
as they drank their orange mix and crunched freeze - dried rations from plastic packets , they became aware of a noise in the distance .
grabbing one corner of the bed sheet , ted yanked it off with a flourish , to reveal a shiny new orange utility vehicle .
she concentrated on the revolver 's front sight , bringing the orange plastic insert in the black metal into sharp focus .
the hare was happily chewing on a bright orange carrot .
the walls appear to suddenly glow bright orange and for a moment lisa sees herself flying through the white noise of eternity .
the cic is shaking , the walls are shimmering and glowing orange .
a corpse , dressed in a bright orange jumpsuit , is strapped in the chair at the left control station , its flesh is burnt and smoking .
opposing energies collide and crackle between them , sending out shards of orange and yellow .
and so it was that paul found himself walking into the orange room of the training area the next morning .
so until after lunch , i would like you to spend your time in the orange room .
instead of going straight to the orange room , paul went upstairs to the balcony to try reaching stephanie .
he was so angry at having been used by dittrich and so frustrated with the situation that he reached the orange room before realizing he d forgotten his original reason for being on the balcony at all .
one of the walls to the orange room was rock ; the side of the mountain .
instead of the traditional colours , blue for the dragon province and orange for the tiger province , the two men wore silk robes that showed both colours in an appealing mixture .
jay closed his eyes and raised his hands in trepidation as the burning hot orange flares scraped the forest bare and enveloped the entire scene with scorching bright darknessand he felt nothing .
jay opened his eyes and all he could see was bright , blinding orange .
he stood up and brushed himself down , the orange glow of radiation he just shone , fading to pale skin once again .
then he glowed bright orange and he focused on a spot near philippa .
he erupted into flames and then shot up into the sky , his arms were a burning orange and his feet were hot red .
its more like a swirling plasma of murky orange and fiery yellow .
his body shone bright orange and he erupted into flames .
there was a small gap between the entrance and the tunnel , all you could see was gravel and a small man wearing an orange waistcoat walking around with a clipboard in his hands .
the snake ducked his spell , which hit someone elses and created a cloud of orange that fogged up the view of the snake .
they stooped through the tunnel , flickering lights of orange dazzling at the corners of their eyes .
the ball of water sparked orange and transformed into fire .
jordan squealed as a small orange fist punched its way through the stair case .
jay watched intensely as the flames began to fade and a beautiful orange and red bird replaced it .
if you really want to change it , go spray - paint a tree orange .
with the queer , half - crazed smile he donned like armor before plunging time and again into chaos and the unknown , he declared for everyone who cared enough to listen , i ' m gon na paint the whole fucking world orange .
the torches flickered at the very force of the pronouncement , washing the chamber with dazzling blues and oranges that did not quite touch the low - cut amber dress terradyn wore like a suit of armor .
sunlight was glinting through the trees , painting the world around him in a red and orange glow .
a few scattered candles lit the room in a dim orange glow , and the tavern maid was cleaning a nearby table , whistling an old drinking song .
a blackbird hopped along the path , searching for grubs , its head tilted and its orange beak glistening against the dark ground .
burnt orange in color , fierce on the battlefield and boasting some of the hardest warriors their high schools could artificially graduate .
she was now in an orange jumpsuit .
a translucent orange display suddenly appeared on the windshield !
the vivid reds , oranges and yellows with a dash of plum brightened the vista but as the month progressed , more and more the browns dominated .
their orange glow provided ample shadows for thorn to creep around without being seen .
the soft orange glow from the windows of the trade caravan came into view as it rounded a bend further down the road to the west .
a trail of smoke rose from the chimney against the dusky sky , and through the windows came the soft orange glow of a fire .
as twilight fell , the distant snowy hills blazed with a red glow , the breeze dropped away and the squawk of birds and the bark of seals could be clearly heard while the moon rose an orange ball over the sea .
these were channels of extraordinary beauty between mountain barriers where rank upon rank of rugged ranges marched away into the distance , high peaks covered with snow catching the pale sunlight so they seemed to radiate their own orange glow .
some of the leaves on the banks of the dnieper river were flecked with orange and gold though the landscape was predominantly green .
he tried manipulating different colors and had easy success and found the darker blues green and reds lasted minutes longer than the brighter yellows , oranges and white by making a second orb with the same time allotment .
set on the inside of the open mouthed building was an orange glow from what would be another lamp to guide the family and their horses to it .
one was blue , the middle is yellow and the bottom orange .
i have three beads and they are signified as thus , the top blue signifies i m first and foremost a priestess , the middle yellow marks me as a huntress and the bottom orange is a warning that i m a deadly warrior .
far off over the hill in the western sky , a giant orange glow rose higher and higher .
four candles burst into life , adding a flickering orange glow to the tightly wound cavern .
a large orange tiger sat in her upstairs hallway .
he d traveled the world , seen a lot of strange things but never something as horribly terrifying as the ocean - bred orange arachnid squaring off with him at the waters edge .
the electric sign read moz burger and flashed orange .
she procrastinated watching the heaters bar filament change from rust to brilliant orange .
bags got stuffed with washing and his horrible orange quilt got straightened .
ahead of her , lanis could make out the shapes of the other members of shiv team nine as they hustled through a narrow alley between two large factories , the complex magical ward patterns of their rune - enhanced body armor , or rebar , glowing bright orange and yellow in the murky darkness .
reds , as their name implied , usually ranged in color from bright red to a rusty orange and bore striped or diamond patterns of green or blue on their backs and underbellies .
upon the girls arrival to the near - empty parking lot , tomika approached her car with arms wide open and gently pressed her body against it before softly caressing the black frame glossing under dim orange lights .
it was immersed in the orange early morning light that was flooding in through the open shutters .
the colours i associated with africa were hues of yellow and gold , oranges , and ambers , somehow warmer than the cool greens of england , but at the same time less gentle , and harsher , promising much for those who fought and worked to survive , but little for those who did nt .
they glistened in bright hues of red and brown , orange and grey .
i had once read these plants were a favorite in southern gardens because they grew virtually pest free and produced striking red - orange blooms lasting from spring through early fall .
and it may have been a trick of the light , but her eyes seemed to pulse with an eerie orange glow .
a mansion , white columns against red orange brick walls , with a sweeping lawn and ancient trees carefully arranged by some ancient plan stood out from the rest of the houses on the island .
the sky was clear blue , with a hot orange red sun rising big above the treeline and cornfields .
along the brush and tree trunks at the rivers edge , there was movement , flashes of orange and black against the bright glare .
frank could see the orange and black of human butterflies , several in the front part of each boat , wings folded to their sides .
there was a faint orange glow off in the distance to the north - west , visible to us because it was higher on the southeastern slope of the sierra piachos than we were ; it sure looked like the location of the fire was right about where the zeta compound was .
its orange glow was menacing in the dim light .
the brilliant stars and the black of night faded to a blue gray that gave way to subdued orange that melted into pink that reddened into sunrise .
andrew looked off into the reddish orange glow of the morning sky .
andrew shined with brilliant shades of orange and bits of green around his edges and his center was pure white .
a dozen mixed bottles of coke , grape and orange soda , next to several quarter and half liter bottles of milk lined the right side of the cooler .
she smiled as she opened the door wider and said , i see the roses changed from orange to red i suspect this is a good sign .
there were occasional exceptions like liath luachra where tinted flickers of orange or red could also be observed .
the bonus story , ` ` genderbent '' , marks the second return of the princess in orange .
back to toc + + + discover other titles by kevin l. o'brien : available on smashwords - https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / biochemborg a fidus aranea , adventurer 's honeymoon , barbarians r us , the beast of exmoor , the christmas vampires , dark vengeance , a deliberation of morality , the denver walker , desperate acts , disposable commodities , do unto others , far - sight , feline savior , felis ex machina , fun ' n ' games , the golden mushroom , gourmand hag , gratuitous crossover , gruff tolls , immanuel , in an octopus 's garden , inseparable , jigsaw dragon , the lions of inganok , man friday , masie 's mind , no torrent like greed , oak do hate , one - percenter vendetta , the peril gem , post - traumatic redemption , the price of folly , pride and fall , pyrrhic victory , redshirt , rhapsody in orange , the road to hell , sacrificial offering , shenanigans , the steel gazelle , the surrogate , survival & sacrifice , the temple of ubasti , a typical friday night enjoy these other titles at fine ebook retailers everywhere .
he tapped an orange blinking light on the center console .
tahir extended the reddish - orange fruit outward .
the clouds soared from blue sea to blue sky , their edges etched in silver and in the orange and pink of the diminishing sun .
we saw people loaded up in buses and trucks , we saw them in cars and taxis and rickshaws , we saw them on motorcycles and on bicycles , every one of them decked up in orange , every one of them drunk with the fervor of faith , every one of them shouting and singing jai mata di , and every one of them heading to katra , more than four hundred kilometers away .
they add a disturbing dash of color to the bare earth and the brown tree a mix of steel and dark blue and ktm 's orange and white .
one day perhaps all the pieces of the puzzle will be derived from the playful mocking of nature , and then we will sit together in a large circle , you and i included , in the clearing of a dark forest , around a crackling orange fire , and piece together the entire image of god .
and the pieces will come together , slowly , slowly ; slowly revealing to the gathered curious , a large crackling orange bonfire in the clearing of a dark forest , surrounded by a large circle of you and i and other many adventurers .
slowly , slowly , the fire and the orange glow resonate with the dissipating darkness ; the insects of the land march towards the fire ; slowly we nestle deeper into our coats , closer to the fire and closer to each other , and slowly we learn to speak in silence .
the sky was beginning to show a dull orange glow as the sun was preparing to broach the edge of the earth .
the snap - hiss of a match being struck was followed immediately by a short - lived blossom of yellow - orange light .
he pointed to the gap at the bottom of the door , and matthew saw a flickering orange glow .
distance had reduced the fire to nothing but an orange glow by the time the stryvog began its descent elsewhere in the city .
matthew barely managed to duck the boiling orange slash as the startled man lashed out at him , brandishing his torch like a weapon .
terry sat in the television room in her orange jumpsuit .
the engine looked a sick orange color with little chrome .
she stepped out on the front porch to see the house and north flanker house engulfed in flames , the soldiers illuminated by the inferno , their orange faces looking like demons .
upon meeting at about five feet behind the rear of the truck , the trooper goes on to explain that he pulled james over because of the large , bright neon orange parking tag that is hanging from the trucks rearview mirror .
james is happy to go on explaining the irony behind that question ; as the neon orange obstruction happens to be gerrys players only parking lot tag from spring training back in florida .
nasih sat dead still without expression , his orange coveralls making his dark face stand out in the meagre light .
the tip glowed a brilliant orange .
our sincgars backpack radios would never reach back to tf liberty , so they relayed the signals of all the teams operating in the area via microwave transmitter , line of sight to the big tower at fort orange .
oh - no , j started , she s notta crim he glanced at josie , sitting in her orange coveralls with her hands and feet shackled .
the city lights come alive and bounce off the reflective pool of lake michigan as the sun begins its descent , bringing a shimmering rainbow into the intimate space as the warm oranges and reds pass through delicate crystal glasses on the shelves .
my senses filled with blood orange and cherries as though he were still in the room .
the bow of the beast was painted a bright orange , someones idea of a duckbill .
just behind the orange bill , a large red - rimmed bulls - eye with a rather lecherous cartoon duck smoking a cigar and toting a fifty - caliber machine gun was prominently displayed on both the port and starboard sides .
he wore a garish orange and red hawaiian shirt , bermuda shorts , and a liberal coating of zinc oxide on his blunt nose .
this time the helicopter lowered the orange rescue cage .
kept ahead in the sights sky flashed fire , the sky dyed orange , the battle seemed to be very intense .
the blood from my mouth rubbed over it , mixing the orange and red .
i do not care a whole lot for the orange or purple , though , '' she stated thoughtfully .
whoever breathes in this orange vapor will become severely weakened with their entire body system dependent on this drug , in essence making them a constant buyer of fontanes new drug .
http : //www.skullsofatlantis.com cover design by tim collins and mike bauer edited by c & d editing shadow cult prophecy book 1 prologue esephris ran through the darkened wheat fields towards the orange glow of the fires .
only it was nt chocolate , or an orange ; it was eight gleaming segments of pulsing crystal .
the pupils were a deep fiery orange .
over on the horizon , the sun pulsed like a giant orange , cruising steadily out of view and as the sky faded into twilight , the first twinkling stars became faintly visible .
hiro watched as a jagged line cut through the glass with a deep orange and red glow come from within .
the westward hills were already darkened to indigo while the ones to the east were bathed in soft orange pastels .
only spearmint gum , a bag of weed , and an orange lighter .
chaiko reached into the fire , took a burning twig , blew upon the burning end till it glowed bright orange , then presented it to the boy and said without emphasis here , take this .
an orange glow to their left , out of the east , formed into a distorted orb of the sun at the horizon , hot butter melting in reverse motion .
the glow in the water by this time had intensified from an off orange to a brighter white .
the metal glowed a pale orange and jack kicked at the door in frustration .
it had a dull orange sheen , but the business end was wickedly barbed and sharper than a razor .
suddenly the angry red in his hands burst into bright hot orange flames that made his skin almost glow .
the feather was a mix of orange and red , but ethan felt need to ask what kind of feather is that that burns without oxygen and does nt eat up the feather itself ?
big , fat drops of water tinkle off its shiny dark orange and black striped scales .
the upper floor was dark , but below there was a flickering orange glow escaping the floor as one of three bricked chimneys billowed smoke into the cool scottish air .
the agony made it drop the swaddling nymph as it clawed at its smoking chest before a bright orange flash blinded everyone and as it ended there was nothing but a gray form of the desiccated elf being blown away by the wind .
the faint orange glow of celestias fiery body stood outside and he redoubled his pace .
he still looked straight at the building and kira noticed the lens had gone from clear to dark blues , reds and oranges in color .
black and dark orange bands were beneath and a wedged head curved around .
the tower of fire burned over a mile high and wide began to swirl and change colors from orange to a deep red it was almost purple .
a sharp crack sounded in the distance and a dull orange glow emanated from over the tree line a quarter mile away .
the only two cars in the lot exploded and filled the darkness with a fiery orange light and black billowing smoke .
* * * they sat in silence once again as the torches caste an orange shimmer over the lagoon and the moon dipped behind the trees .
the orange light from two candelabras washed over the freshly polished , twelve foot mahogany table giving it the aspect of glowing orange .
an orange towel draped loosely over her thighs revealing only a provocative and inviting portion of her perfect , heart shaped rear end .
shed expertly changed her appearance with the use of a smoldering orange eye shadow , thick black mascara , black eyeliner , and blood red lipstick .
it reminded me of standing next to a rushing waterfall , or a jet engine at take off as this bottom ring spun , it glowed bright orange that appeared to be hot ; however , i did nt feel any heat emanating from it but i could feel the rush of air it caused .
we smoked a cigarette and drank a beer in silence , as we gazed at the shrinking orange semi - circle made by the sun as it sank behind a row of tall conifers before us .
she walked casually around the desk looking for the orange bulletin that she knew had been passed out .
i think so ; for sure ill leave markers for spiffy with the blaze orange tape .
her hair , a mane of deep orange that falls far down her back , is absolutely stunning .
above him the sky is lit with reds and oranges , and the smell of dry timber charring under the infernos onslaught overwhelms the nose .
behind me the sky is still a vibrant orange from the scattered fires dying around the city .
occasionally , there were villas painted colorfully , some in bright orange or vivid red .
but after the sun peaked and fell westward , thrusting its last orange beams through his window , he found himself growing restless .
within heartbeats , the burst changed to a warm orange that raced over the landscape .
overnight , it seemed , the leaves had turned color , to vibrant yellows and glowing orange and crimson .
a small orange beak popped out from the darkness , and the old man started back .
i arrived at melissas door just as the family was walking out , the boy barely containing his excitement in his spiderman mask and cape and the big - cheeked baby swaddled in orange , a pumpkin .
gilgal is made of dull orange brown dirt with grass and boulders , two miles northeast of jericho .
the city was a shadow with the blue - orange sky behind it as the sun rose over the countryside .
the dragons translucent belly began to glow bright orange with fire .
she stood on two legs , had long , elegant wings , a slender yet muscular build , and reflective orange scales with red tips .
even in the darkness the few lit braziers around the statues and gardens allowed him to see the various hues of blues and shades of orange , and the lush greenery that surrounded him .
before joining his boys , henry pulled a tiny orange marigold from his pocket and placed it on the table .
i criss - cross the room to the open windows seeing an array of yellowish - white stars below heaven along with an almost full moon of orange .
i have a canopy frame that looks like a bell - shape with a set of hot orange sheer lace ruffled foo - foo curtains tied at four ends of the posts then drapes to the floor .
the bedspread is a big gigantic hot orange sunflower then a big gigantic yellow sunflower with a beige background .
i woke up squinting with an explosion of bright orange and red colors behind my eyelids .
hazel eyes are composed of green , brown and orange .
thirty - eight it was late afternoon and a mesmerizing orange and black sunset hit the horizon as joe emerged from his chickee to gather with the other men for the ceremonial lighting of the new fire .
i sat down beside her , taking in the vista of rising wolf towering over us , backlit by orange and red sunlight streaking across the sky , igniting the long , thin clouds that stretched out to the horizon .
they stared into the glowing heart of the fire , to the small tongues of flame dancing about the embers , variously changing colors , from glowing orange to ash white at every puff of air .
the once yellow sky was now in a state of blend between orange and yellow .
he did nt drop down , in fact he turned into orange , fading away slowly .
you she giggles just as the orange glow of torchlight suddenly enters the dark tent , snapping their attention upward .
dashing into an alley , the hunter spots the base of a lantern dip left as its orange glow quickly vanishes , its possessor laughing once again , but in a broken , painful sort of way .
the jasmine bushes exuded a heady perfume and orange - flowering flame trees stood out against the pink clouds in a deep blue sky .
i sat on the veranda and dreamily watched the misty hilltops turn shades of orange in the sinking sun .
female : tall , sexy , blonde , light skin , burnt orange gown , and gloves .
i wiggle side to side , seeing his white triangle with burnt orange colored letters a and b for the identification society house of jacidee on playtus .
jacidee stands in her cat suit and matching boots of orange , her family i d .
jacidee is burnt orange .
the fire quickly flooded the room in a dim orange glow , gradually filling the area in a welcomed warmth .
they are not a very big butterfly but they are a beautiful orange colour with black markings on their wings and when they land the whole tree looks like it has turned into a moving mass of colour .
she looked around , the street lights were casting an orange glow on the road beneath her leaving the slated rooftops in shadow .
paul pulled his map out from his pocket and peered at it in the orange glow of a streetlight .
they walked in silence for a while , troyes just visible as an orange glow reflected onto the clouds behind them .
in a blaze of lightening shades of purple , mauve and orange , the sun rises on the far horizon , reflecting the sharp glint of steel .
as he came out of the trees , amongst the tattered brambles and small splaying elders , pauls eye was caught by the bright orange shine of berries , standing out starkly against the mottled greens and browns behind .
paul gently blew on it , watching an orange glow spread around its contours .
the admiral , perfectly composed , watched as the numbers counted down to zero and the yellow dot representing the ship flashed orange .
the numbers reached 18 and the orange dot turned a bright red as the admiral dropped his hand .
his mouth gaped when the glow of ash and fire transformed the clear blue sky into a burnt - orange flame .
the light turned a deep orange , the warm , soothing sensation caused tingles to dance on his skin throughout his whole body .
kalin took the sack from marantes hand and gulped down a bunch of the orange crystals .
the light changed into an orange glow and he dashed towards it .
kalin gazed into her green eyes as she poured the orange crystals on his head .
the horizon ahead of them shone with the oranges and yellows of a rising sun , but had yet to brush away the shadows of night .
they seemed so cozy and glowed a comforting orange color , like a fruit .
she would be now around thirty two , at least three years older than nil , but in her tight fitted orange sari sporting the navel and the heavy bums bulging out of the slim waistline , the red low - cut blouse displaying the sharp cleavage below the neckline , eyelashes trimmed neatly , hair closely fitted into a chignon and with her shining eyes and sharp nose she looked barely twenty five .
swirling in the orb was a pearly black fluid ; it emitted a pale blue glow that fought with the warm yellows and oranges of the glass obelisks .
within seconds they were blazing in his hands , all signs of crusted red enveloped by a flash of bright orange .
jeremy watched the ashes curl in the blue , ragged claws of black and orange that vanished like smoke .
neo - nazis and their blind prejudice again , i got in his face , i hate whites , blacks , browns , oranges and greens .
a wave of ugly black stuff , rimmed with a fiery line of glowing orange , traveled across the paper from both of the short sides as the whole thing slowly curled up into a ball .
the black purple of the sky had slowly brightened into a mixture of oranges and reds , streaks of fiery clouds scratched across it .
eyes squeezed shut , he saw only a dark swirl of orange and black in his vision , and the air hummed heavily with the power of chi'karda .
the inside of the castle was dark , but an eerie orange light shone from somewhere .
a mouth was opening in the gray face , the gap also full of fiery flames , red and orange .
streaks of sparkling orange and thick , gray bodies flew in all directions .
the light had faded considerably , the orange glow of sunset settling somewhere to the west beyond the trees .
on some level , he felt the tops of trees scratching his back , felt the cord still cinched tightly around his waist , but his vision had gone from orange to bright white , and he could hear absolutely nothing .
heat ebbed along his skin , as if his pores were straining from exertion , the orange might of chi'karda trying to burst through .
the three of them kept moving , protected by a bubble of clear orange , going deeper into the depths of the gray storm .
the shiny orange bubble of chi'karda hit the ground and rolled .
hundreds and hundreds of people - dressed in oranges and reds and browns and blacks and turbans and robes and jeans and sandals and every color and type of clothing he 'd ever imagined , and many that he hadn't - were charging the enemies on both sides .
inside the dark hole within the brick frame were hundreds of orange sparks flashing and snapping , crackling like a fire , though there were no flames .
the dancing orange lights suddenly stopped , winking out of existence .
little flashes of orange danced throughout the ethereal substance , along with zigzags of bright electricity , like miniature strikes of lightning .
she could dimly see his outline against the orange tree .
tonight , a harvest moon hung low in the sky , colored a brilliant orange by the dying embers of the sun .
she dropped the towel on the floor and walked completely naked into his kitchen , crushing some ice cubes with the bottom of a pickle jar while making them a concoction of cherry 7up , orange juice and green gatorade .
the tip of the cigarette glowed a fiery yellow orange almost instantly .
when lo opened his eyes , tiny was dressed in a pair of tight blue jeans , a bright orange tank top , and a pair of flip flops .
lo smiled thinking about thelma 's glasses , and her thick orange turtle neck .
he rubbed the skinny little trunk slowly between his fingertips , and the fruit began to turn a pale golden yellow , then a bright golden orange .
ty and elly were still gushing over the little orange tree , as antoine came skipping happily through the foyer .
behind them , a curious being melded with the trees , observing every detail ; and , opposite from where they stood , a strange shadow lurked among the crags at the border of the diern badlands -- a shadow with bright orange , all - seeing eyes .
they emerged from behind the trees and other foliage -- three of them -- shaped like men with eyes burning bright orange in the dim light .
an orange glow appeared underneath songs hands as they slowly moved the over the bark .
chapter 33 the battle begins the elves stopped and sang as the sun disappeared behind the horizon , leaving streaks of orange and pink across the sky .
the sun was beginning to go down and the streetlights popped on , their orange glow matching the colors of the fading sunset along the chicago skyline .
tristan followed her line of sight to a very beautiful woman with hair as red as a blood orange so red it reflected every rainbow color the strobe pumped out , gleaming perfectly off her sleek , sharp haircut .
aldritch returned his mint - green eyes to meet kazimir 's orange gaze .
it was an orange , rose blossom mix , and it had always been my favorite .
kali could nt help grunting as she retrieved the bulky orange , brown , and purple atrocity from the cabinet .
changing from orange to an unnatural grey , the flames pulsed methodically .
deserted cities of the heart the sun peeked over the hill , streaking the morning sky with vivid splashes of orange .
one , two , three from either sides of the street , walls of flame came and met in the middle , throwing an orange glow on the already silver night .
they glowed a soft orange from the low flame from the workshop 's fireplace .
the once roaring fire had become a pile of bright glowing embers that cast the tavern in a deep orange .
guided by a flickering orange light in the distance , the hunter made his way to the campsite where he found leo and kane .
then a faint orange glow emerged from the darkness .
it quickly brightened and in moments all was a bright orange .
the room was dark with a faint orange glow .
shining blues , sparkling purples , glittering golds , bright reds , gleaming pinks , splendid oranges .
recognizable by her bright orange scales , sasha sunbeamalong with her sister and mother are the only maidens to sport the vibrant color .
sasha slips through the entrance after them , her bright orange scales making it impossible for her to blend .
colors are rarely handed down from one generation to the next , though in this case orange must be a dominant shade .
there are hues of gold and yellow , and of course one bright spot of orange .
` ` i brought her , '' sasha appears in the hole next to cordelia , her bright orange scales casting a sickly glow on poseidon 's expression .
and a hot line of torches blazed orange against the village walls .
a bright bonfire silhouetted his father in orange .
she seemed to be out of breath , but smiling , the low - hanging ornate lamp behind her giving her hair an angelic orange glow .
tethina looked toward the mountains and the orange glow that outlined them .
a flash of light appeared above them , filtering through the gaps in the sod , bright enough to play orange before their closed eyes .
maryann 's eclectic sense of style had the common thread of bright colors , so her orange - rimmed glasses , orange shirt , red pants , and shoulder - length red hair stood out against the rather old - fashioned , pastel - colored walls and interior decorations .
i have been here a long time waiting for you , and because you did not follow smoke speakers directions by heading straight for the sun , she pointed behind her at the blazing orange fire in the distance , the only source of color in the otherwise monochromatic world , we have lost time .
the sun cast a dim orange glow across the sky , but shadows of the souls created an aura of blackness that flowed across the rough terrain .
in this land of black and gray nothingness , the incredible orange and red hues stung his eyes while burning his flesh .
its orange - tinted light bathes the exposed mountain peaks and shadows ripple across their contours as the clinging mist takes on an orange glow .
its orange - tinted light bathes the exposed mountain peaks and shadows ripple across their contours as the clinging mist takes on an orange glow .
bodies filled the street , the orange glow of the setting sun shimmered on the crust of frost covering them .
an orange hatchling lies closest to the entrance , its neck bent and trapped under its body .
a quick sweep of his head shows him two more dragons , mere orange and yellow specks in the distance , making their way from the lairs to the battle zone .
water sheets off his body as the orange turns ; his flight path will take him over the valley .
the camouflage dome above him polarizes the light from the late afternoon sun and gives his surroundings a faint orange hue .
phocaea - orange female dragon with green eyes .
immediately , an orange glow emitted from my hand , and a fireball appeared in it .
the clones eyes were swirling pools of orange and red .
its wings are beautiful , translucent with burnt orange at the joints .
something about her head was the wrong shape ... or was it the firelight , the same firelight that seemed to show lips and fingers stained with that peculiarly bright shade of orange , unlike any i 'd ever seen .
i slipped into my clean jeans and orange tank top and headed for the small bathroom .
they littered the ground , congregating around fallen tree trunks and surrounding foliage , camouflaging the land in orange and yellow .
he motioned to a dingy orange couch coated in a thin layer of black hair .
the sweltering red , fiery orange and charcoal black battle scene appeared to burn on the wall .
there was also a small wood table with a burnt orange tablecloth on it and two non - matching wood chairs in the main room .
her orange and gold dress made her look extraordinarily large and freakishly pale .
fading swirls of brown , orange , and bluethe murky brown indicative of a lack of focusing skill , and the orange indicating agitation .
an orange glow filtered through the narrow window to lite on the mournful christ , wreathing the twisted body in rays of gold .
the waves of sandstone swirled around us creating a beautiful encasement of several hues of orange , beige and brown .
they all got out of the car in the dark that was slowly turning to shadows as the orange glow of the sun to the east over the mountains now provided a pale light .
its why i m drinking orange juice .
the office was in darkness , lit only by the sodium orange of the streetlamps outside .
the others were all of varying shades of blue and green , like the sea , but this little creature was colored as the sunset , all in gold and deepest orange .
their screams echoed in the square as the magical fire turned them into flailing bonfires , their armour glowing a searing orange .
the swords pulsed a sulky orange color again .
the flames moved with a life and purpose of their own , rising high and illuminating the village with a fiery orange glow .
little - azarban possesses an orange and pushes holes out to wear it like a jump suit as we record and play hype men for each other .
the amolvian kingdom appeared to be flame - orange , since the sun had begun setting and the trees of life began to flare up .
the tree lit the dark desert emitting a very bright flame - orange flash .
they descend through ancient twisting passages until they arrive at an enormous cavern whose roof is lit by an orange glow .
trak recognizes the same luminescent orange that emanates from his forge .
at the third fork they encounter , krage turns the party into a side tunnel leading to a large cavern , dimly lit by an orange glow .
a weak orange glow now illuminates the ceiling .
they reach a cavern where there is sufficient orange glow to see the source of the stench .
myrel points to an orange streak that is flowing out the doors of the temple .
lava still flows in the caverns chasm , and an orange glow lights the space .
the stone cobbled streets were slick with the previous night 's rains and reflected the intense yellows and oranges of the burning warehouse ; the fiery glow was almost hypnotic .
the dusty red and orange of the sky mingled with the clouds , lighting up the textured grasses of the landscape .
it was colored bright blue , dark green , pale yellow , dark blue , pale orange , with bits of red spattered around for good measure .
its illumination diffused through the atmosphere , painting the sky in cascading hues of fiery yellows and oranges , purples , blues , shocks of pink and gold caught along the nebulous clouds , made solid by light .
each picture was the same , reminiscent of a child scribbling on the walls over and over in florescent orange paint .
then his hands burned even hotter , even as the heat distributed throughout his body , and a faint orange glow flushed his skin .
she tried , and then she stopped trying , and then she simply let her mind be as black as the night , with only a dull orange glow in the centre .
jonas appeared , blade in hand glowing dull orange .
his mind was wiped and his body deposited back with his orange headed roommate .
charles mused , his blade whirling so fast all i noticed were streaks of orange cutting through the dark room .
a bright orange spark flared , singeing charless skin .
i m going to another flash of orange .
it began as a bright orange sphere the size of a man 's fist .
his sight showed the purple energy changing to hues of orange and red .
with his eyes merlin saw hints of orange and red sweeping through the cloud , looking like bright clothing on the upper torso of a young - looking plamen .
at first they shimmered like silver , then the reflective surface deepened into a dark blue , then a fiery orange , and finally settled into a bright yellow to match her dress .
the furniture and decor seemed stuck somewhere between the fifties and the seventies , with a copper starburst - shaped clock on the olive green wall , curved burnt - orange plastic chairs with thin metal legs , and an old - fashioned wood - cased radio on a corner stand .
it was a steady orange glow , easily visible when she shut her eyes .
a little orange ball of flame in my minds eye .
the world was all yellow and pinks , oranges with streaks of midnight blue .
it was not just the oranges and yellows represented in the walls .
the sun , which i could not see , must have been dipping for the horizon because the sky was now filled with orange and red .
no one wanted aggressive colors like orange or red when others were generally ruled by their senses .
evening was creeping quickly over the vicinity and , in its twilight , a stone - circled fire already flung sheer reflections of mixed orange and black shadows onto the dark walls of the small enclosure .
while sitting there with the flames reflecting a soft orange hue across his face , ever so slowly his countenance began to alter .
on his ears fell the soft crackling of the fire and its dispersing hues of orange and yellow .
a great orange , looming sun , which was now beginning to set , was draped by a thin layer of cloud , \ and painted the gate and dwelling a soft hue of yellow - red as it so often did in the evening hours of the day .
their flames of orange and blue cast a subdued light upon the walls and ceiling and only illuminated the hall to some small degree .
behind and beyond the grey mist the sky glowed a reddish orange and cast its hue upon all things .
an angry face stared back at me from her bedroom window , with eyes glowing a bright orange color , and a mouth that was twisted into an angry scowl .
from the window beside his bed , he had seen pure gold illuminate the skyline , melding into shades of orange , intensifying as it swelled and blended rich pinks and purples before deepening to violet as it shepherded night to day .
the orange and yellow of the morning light made everything appear fresh and clean .
the decorative pumpkin lights lit the park with a soft festive orange glow .
they had set off with the setting sun immediately behind them , the magnificent orange orb casting elongated silhouettes ahead of them , giving them the impression that they were chasing ... well , shadows .
it was wearing a bright orange toga which barely covered it .
his arms began to ache , and the blades began to glow orange with heat .
illumination came from this window , the glow of the lava casting an eerie orange light into the room .
a few hours later , as the first traces of dawn began to approach painting the sky in oranges and pinks , agatha bound the baby with leather straps tightly to the soldier 's chest - over his tunic but beneath his chain mail hamata .
a blaze of bright orange , red , green , yellow , magenta , copper , burnished gold , black , gray and white hit their eyes and blinded them , hypnotizing them into seeing nothing else but the flames full of sparkle and life , flickering and dancing lazily until the flames roared into a monstrous inferno that swept everything else aside , except for what it swallowed whole .
the sunset was casting an orange glow on her hair , but her eyes were still the color of the darkest trees in the wood .
the crackling campfire emitted a warm rush of heat which slowly replaced the cold , damp air in the cave ; its orange glow illuminated the entire dwelling .
flickering firelight cast a dim orange glow over her five white companions , all of whom were awake and staring at the fire , as if making an effort not to look each other in the eye .
so you call them the reds , the yellows , the oranges and the blues .
multiply the big pyramid by sixreds , blues , greens , yellows , oranges and lets not forget the late comers , the violetsand that s just not fair to the poor guy in the middle .
reds liked reds , but did nt like yellows , oranges or blues .
yellows and blues were about the same for numbers , with oranges a distant fourth .
# 18 lindy 's roadhouse if you played there , you were somebody by the time they turned off the highway it was fully dark , with traces of gold and orange streaks remaining in the western night sky .
he had imagined the fog glowing with a slight orange tint to it as johnny had told him the story .
the sky was a canvas of reds and oranges and yellows , the same spectrum as her hair .
she turned and her irises were glowing fiery orange .
they glittered against the red and orange of the fire , and then she hit the ground .
my bright orange and blue were definitely out of place .
then , in the fall , the leaves on the trees where i live change colors to beautiful reds , yellows , and oranges .
jane noticed that the stone head of the spear began to glow orange , as if it were a hot coal .
it was nighttime , but someone had rekindled her campfire ; the orange flames threw flickering light on her own pavilion and the tall grasses just beyond .
their colors ranged from orange to red to black , but keira was watching the dragon that glowed gold , his armor rivaling the light of the sun on the brightest day .
i wonder how come there seem to be so many of them all of a sudden its as if the dark elves were never left behind elgor looked up from the orange glowing liquid , elzik noticed the orange glow seemed to fade when elgors pulled himself away from it , step forward you need to see this and we have very little time before we must go before elzik blurted out what he had learnt beyond the farm lands , elgor waved his right hand over the liquid and both looked down upon the massive sand horse drawn chariots and the thousands of eight foot giants preparing to attackthe image changed , those were venesh long boats ; they were nt true sailors they preferred oar driven ships which made there shallow bottoms perfect for the swallow waters of goblin river which joined the venesh too diamond lake of the goblin swamps , well join the delegation once were done here .
< > < > < > the sea had turned into sparkling gold , reflecting the sky as its hue approached burning orange .
they continued to swirl , changing colors , from orange to red to violet , following their conductor 's dancing hands .
they were still hot , glowing bright orange and yellow , as he molded them from ores underground .
as the sun set behind full clouds , streaked with orange and magenta , ava paused to look at the fallen arch .
esmeralda looked into roberts face , a silhouette highlighted in angry orange .
he reached out and plucked a rare orange starflower found only in the rich mineralised walls of the velenese pits , it was like nothing he had ever smelled before , more vibrant , more intense than his childhood memory .
the little mackerel clouds were touched with rose , which spread until they were pink and red , strengthening to flaming orange .
an oil lamp burned in a sconce beside the door and a single candle atop the desk provided a soft orange glow .
she had auburn hair like me , but instead of being a flaming , bright , color like hers , the girl 's was a dull pumpkin orange .
mallory 's hair no longer was a dull pumpkin orange .
as the sun rose and reflected dull orange from the puddle strewn path , the lad finally caught sight of the town .
i heard the eagle take flight and cry out before swooping low into the horizon that had begun to color orange .
the citizen who had labeled me as a mutt was a black orange and white calico cat .
the other citizen who issued the warning was a female tortoiseshell cat brindled with orange and black .
we continued until the suns final rays peeked out from beyond the horizon , leaving the sky orange and purple .
we stopped when the orange and purple horizon made it difficult to see each others swords .
the twilight colors of deep blue are fading into black , and the oil lamp beside me is casting a yellow and orange glow .
then , he began to rub his hands furiously together until they became a bright orange and yellowish color .
they cast up an orange glow that mingled with the halo of light from the buildings and street lamps .
a bright orange patch appeared on the crme carpet , me frowning at it .
* callithoe gauged the hours that passed by the length of the shadows that fell upon the furniture in the room she and iambe shared , and by the changing color of the light nearly white to yellow to burnt orange .
to the west , apollo drove his chariot the sun over the edge of the earth in a brilliant splash of orange and fiery red .
luckily , just as he was nearing the surface of the dark lake , unnerved by the density of the darkness , wixelor saw a faint orange light hovering in the distance , and watched it grow bigger as it came his way : the lantern overhanging a boats prow .
if driving in the fall , once past indianapolis , a person will find themselves surrounded by color - yellow , red , orange .
a giant orange fireball ballooned out and crawled up the side of the building to the top , where it was engulfed in an ever larger , billowing cloud of smoke .
he dipped the flaky onion ring into some orange sauce .
she marveled at the beautiful , yellow - orange glow forming above the tree line .
as the sun began to rise , amber marveled at the beautiful , yellow - orange glow forming above the tree line .
his frizzy orange hair and bright red nose were at odds with the painted - on grin that betrayed a few drops of blood dripping slowly down the grossly elongated chin .
the sky was brilliant with sunset , golds , and oranges , and reds , and blues , and greens .
as he thought , one glowing orange bug landed on the outside of his tent .
in the nights cold , the darkness draped and was only pierced in the distance by tiny flashes of red orange light .
fredrick could see many red orange bugs still hovered outside the cave .
at the end of the line dangled the little red orange fly over a small obsidian hook .
they lit one by one in a red orange glow .
now its late ; the air is fresh , and the cloudy sky a hazy dull orange .
the evening sun was a melting orange blur over the rooftops of the town .
against a fading night sky , diluted by the orange of a distant morning sun beneath the horizon , the revenant and rebels descended on hope 's hill terrace .
it burned red from the bomb 's fire , then gradually weakened to an orange glow , before dissipating into a soft white aura .
the rising hope emerged from the ground like the morning sun above the horizon : an orange glow heralding its ascension .
muted oranges were forcing their way through , brighter at the horizon before fading into gray .
the next morning the companions all awoke to see a similar picture from the night before , only with oranges , yellows , and blues .
giant poincianas towered over it , branches heaving with bright orange blossoms .
a small bird flew from the bushes , its belly a bright orange .
a glowing orange liquid , just a few drops , fell to the girls sleeping body .
in places the ground was split but in the cracks was a bright orange , thick substance like smooth marmalade .
the flickering candles cast an orange glow across the room and the shadows were long and deep .
it was light green and orange , the clouds around it a glorious display of reds , purples and oranges that changed every minute as it rose higher in the sky .
everybody turned to look at jared who shifted uncomfortably , the orange glow from the fire casting shadows across his face .
without any discussion they each moved to hover above a foot or a shoulder and , looking at one another kloee counted to three and then they all glowed bright orange .
the fairies gently placed the man down on the floor on his back and the orange lights around them gently faded .
kloee said eagerly and once again her and the other three hovered over kulkrain and drew him up in the air , the orange glows from their bodies shining brightly as they took him into the house .
when you were sleeping last night i noticed a faint orange glow around you just like he had when he slept .
reopening her intense eyes of orange , she reached up to place her ice - cold hand upon his nose , sending unwavering energies of heal and restore .
she gasped , its orange .
sparks of fire red , and sharp spirited orange , ignited about her essence as she spoke .
her locks of hair now layered of fiery red and fierce orange ; her eyes set just as intent .
la rosa was still of blue shading , though the moonstone now held a tinted channel of red and orange .
not the colors tatiana could ever imagine herself wearing , but the oranges , reds , and black , that was corozons own designed look of vitality .
her energy essence was ravishing ; flames of red and remarkable orange .
they collected red feathers and orange feathers to start fires in saktun - nal , and they harvested the roots of the tzibche , to give teeth to the wind .
orange was the color of this plate , red was its edges , red faded into the orange like a setting sun .
the hair was either a dark orange or a red color and it was super curly , it looked like an afro .
the fireplace roared into life , the bright orange flames heating the air uncomfortably .
the sun is setting and the sky is streaked with puffy clouds in shades of oranges and pinks .
my memories fast - forwarded to ben and i under the maple tree , watching the setting sun illuminate the clouds in a brilliant orange and yellow color .
it then began illuminate with an orange glow , forming a twenty foot humanoid figure , slowly the smoke formed into dark , misshapen armor , complete with a long sword and a shield at the ready .
which means we will never write a song about the color orange .
ahead , a lighted torch cast an orange glow on the wall .
as sunset began to shade the mountains in deeper hues of orange and gold bisected with cavernous black shadows , calea had faded much further .
and it worked , as since then he has made no more attempts to kill himself , arjun grimaced , the orange hue at the western horizon turning to a deep red one as the sun sank itself further behind those steeples .
the twilight around them was fast fading , and the lamps at the terrace were lit to immerse the whole of the environment in to a romantic light of a faint orange hue .
the entire wide open ground , began to bend into more of a hill , and , and the terrain on both of the steeper hills that lie on both my far right and left sides , began to fill with large trees , all covered with bright orange , red , and yellow leaves .
my eyes spotted a dark orange color in the far distance , it seemed to be dancing and moving rapidly .
a dim orange glowing mist could be seen not too far in the distance , the stone around my bow glowing violently brighter with every inch i grew nearer to the midst .
its orange coloring muted , dark gold replaced the black stripes , and it had more ivory to its legs , belly , and chest .
he changed the flames from orange to blue , and shot them from his body before drawing them back in .
the ornate door to the queens apartments swung inward , and miranda stepped out , regal in a dark orange gown trimmed in pale gold flowers .
the hearth was quickly being lit by a servant , and it cast a muted orange glow to all the blues .
she was dressed in what garments he saw fit to provide for her , and today was a burnt orange peasant dress that did not fit her so well .
robyn leaned on the stone railing of the back patio , looking over the sweeping hills of trees painted in greens with splashes of orange that welcomed autumn .
small interior lights above the doors morphed into white tapered candles , orange flames flickering inside fragile glass globes .
her eyes were not able to focus enough to see anything other than a fiery , orange glow below .
she impaled the heart on the sword , and as it ran down the blade , the sockets where its runes used to be glowed a bright orange .
it had a brim in all four directions and orange feathers on top .
even through the darkness , the wall of flame was visible , a curtain of orange and red .
they were rectangular , without pupils and glowed a sickly orange .
his eyes were no longer rectangular , they were small and circular , the glowing orange of them was gone completely , and he could see pupils within them .
from oranges to purples to flaming reds , they remind me how beautiful nature can be .
chapter 5 the road to hell dr . dorn stood before the judge dressed in an orange jumpsuit , leg and waist cuffs .
pam sat up from lying on the cold steel bench dressed in her orange jumpsuit .
the daylight sky was a variation of oranges with lavenders .
the trees shimmered like silver , and their leaves then changed from summer green to autumn orange and back again .
on one particular day when i was fifteen , the spotlight fell on my orange shirt .
it was , in fact , burnt orange .
i saw my father in my eyes , my mother in my nose and lips , felt shame in my orange shirt , shame in my face .
i walked up to my room , softly closed the door , sat on my beds edge , and watched the blackbridge streetlights come to life , shimmering sodium orange .
she seemed transfixed by the antennas , their blinking beacons , their candy cane - like orange and white paint , the long guy wires extending from the masts into the earth .
the sidewalks were clear , the sun already below the hills , and dusk rose in the west as a thin band of pale orange and bright purple .
sparse streetlights bathed us in dim orange , and we walked through their light pools quietly , listening to the lights hum as we passed .
even after all these years , the warm orange glow of the setting sun was permanently burned into the back of his eyelids .
lyght watched a flock of starlings flutter out of a tree and take wing into the burning orange western sky ; he watched the green grass blow in the warm breeze , the clouds twisting in a sea of oranges and indigos .
he stood on a hill , one of the taller ones in zone zero , amongst a scattering of maples decked out in the fiery oranges and reds of high autumn .
the fiery lights of the city and the dark steel buildings faded out to a low field of yellows and oranges in the belt , and finally to an even navy field out in the country .
so seth jumped with all his might , fiery orange and yellow lights burning a trail in his vision against a background of deepest blue and black .
queried asphodel , looking at the reds , blues , oranges and gold that adorned it .
blankets and furs were heaped over her , and when she opened her eyes , she saw a flickering orange light .
one day , some time after , the mother of the children across the pond , grateful to the brother for saving the leopard lily , plunged her hand beneath the water and scooped up the earth and the roots and placed them inside a pot trimmed with a red - orange bow .
raymond cast his eyes upwards to see the crumpled bumper of an orange vw beetle .
the explosion knocked him forward as the surviving drones began firing through the fiery orange smoke .
jace opened the bag and glimpsed a sphere of dark glass , an occasional streak of burnt orange or nauseous green flickering at its heart like so much lightning but otherwise it was remarkably unremarkable , save for the evil that seemed to suffuse and surround it .
even the sky was different : of a bright orange now that the sun was setting , free from the fog wall of the melekeshian evenings .
especially not in that horrible polyester orange uniform .
reds , yellows , oranges , pinks , and whites all swirled together , every shape and size , closing in on us like a floral shop gone wrong .
the jungle had many plants of bright colors , reds , orange and yellows .
i hope you have milk or orange juice 'cause i did nt think to buy any .
the pebble was now an orange hue until it was placed back into the soggy sock .
my midsection responded by glowing a brilliant orange color .
we ve got a code orange at sizzleadvise the head of security spoke into his earpiece .
the sky , leza briefly wondered how there was sky in the first place , was a strange burnt orange .
she had the vivid purple jumpsuit that women wore , and the men wore a garish orange .
will took note that they were slightly turning orange which signified jaimes impending shift right there in the cabin .
he wore a new hat , this one with only three brims and spiky orange feathers on top .
the distant wall of flames was a curtain of orange and red .
rif pictured a peaceful place : a tulkarian waterfall : fronds of broad - leafed tropical plants on the banks , waterbirds with stripes of pink and gills of orange , strutting with chests puffed out .
the sun was a mottled orange ball imprisoned by distant spires , and chilly breezes of evening were blowing .
her irises were russet like her hair , only a bit more toward orange .
his complexion was a deep orange , with striking blue eyes .
the tongues of this flame were up to ten feet long , red and orange .
bright red , oranges , greens , and blue squares were woven into a black fabric .
the captain ran , following the path as best he could , and then he caught site of an orange glow .
the captain watched her run towards the fire , and in a few minutes , the orange glow disappeared .
valtteri counted eight orange lights moving through the settlement .
chapter 9 the wooden gate of manor house sat open , in front was a wreath of orange , one of blue and one of purple .
you are blurry , hot - blooded , orange and blue !
his normally crisp shirt was actually wrinkled , and his garish orange and green tie undone .
it makes the sky beautiful shades of oranges , reds , and yellows .
kurag 's face changed from yellow to a dark orange .
his hair and beard were at least his true color , the reds and orange of a spectacular sunset .
nicca began to glow first , but it was not the sun inside his skin this time , it was a candle that painted his skin the color of rich , dark amber , with hints of orange and gold , like the inner spark of some jewel .
their inner ring of molten gold , then a ring of pale yellow sunlight , and last , and thickest , was an orange - red , like the petals of a marigold .
tavi saw half a dozen wax spiders gliding with sluggish grace over the croach , pausing here and there , their luminous eyes glowing in shades of green , soft orange , and pale blue .
there were tints and shades within the golden primary : an orange wash of muted sadism ; the azure desire for nats ; a coral - green preference for oral stimulation .
jay sank his teeth into an orange slice , and tore away the meat .
something in his mind stirred : the roar of fire , shadows dancing against sheets of orange , people falling beneath flashes of silver , smiles that twisted into screams .
the world erupted into flame , and as the flashing orange faded , screams arose .
answer came in the form of a sudden pyre that cast the room into a glowing orange hell .
the dragonman vanished behind the curtain of fire for but a moment before emerging , flesh smeared black , blood boiling in the crevasses of his scowl , eyes painted a ferocious orange by the flame .
thirty - four what is left irontide no longer loomed against the orange setting of the sun .
the librarian uttered another word , bringing up his free palm that glowed a bright orange .
he stared up at the sky , frowning at its endless orange and white oblivion .
instead , he merely raised a hand , a small circle of orange glowing upon his palm .
but she did see the circle become a spark , flickering and twisting like a rose petal as it flew from his palm and wafted with an orange glow toward the two combatants .
he placed them both upon the deck and , with a resounding word , sent serpentine flame racing to meet in the companionway and erect a wall of crackling orange to segregate the dragonman and the netherlings .
behind the veil of fire , his face painted orange with the heat , sheraptus snarled and drove the flames skywards , leaving the deck charred beneath him .
and as he looked up at the sky now , the rain falling in impotent orange dots against the burning roofs of the city 's buildings , he wondered what reverence could possibly be justified for it .
the sky was grey now , the orange of the fire - painted clouds going runny as the blazes fell to impotent smoke .
wednesday had drawn all over the maps in bright marking pens , fluorescent greens and painful pinks and vivid oranges .
hunters in these parts wear orange at hunting season , '' he added , helpfully .
` ` what i figure is the thing to do , '' pontificated bar bore cliff , ` ` is to escape in hunting season , when everybody 's wearing orange anyway . ''
it seemed half as big as the sky , as it rose , a deep reddish - orange , immediately above the hills .
the hawk eye that faced her glinted orange , as if a flame had just been kindled inside it ; a flame that had been long extinguished .
he pulled the poker from the fire : the first six inches at the tip glowed a dull orange .
the tip of it was burning bright orange .
they forgot to wear orange .
the other feral , slightly larger , in motley of orange and yellow and pink , they found pinned at the very bottom of the slope in much worse case : one wing hanging torn and wildly askew , he made low terrible keening noises and only crouched , shivering and huddled against the ground , when they had freed him .
laurence cautiously went to peer over the opposite side , where the town lay ; there was no definite sign of the french , but the fires in jena were going out : the orange glowing remnants , like coals from this height , faded one by one amid indistinct voices shouting ; laurence could just dimly make out the forms of horses with carts going to and from the river , carrying water .
she had no harness nor crew , but the great diamond upon her forehead was glowing fiery orange with the reflected sunset , almost to match the virulence of her red eyes .
amara remembered setting down among those trees , near a fire that had burned down to a bed of red - orange coals and tiny flickers of flame , giving off the absolute minimum amount of light .
he was n't bothering with disguising his eyes just now , and they flared a color not found anywhere in the human genome ... warm bronze , flecked with orange .
the aged buckshot dings were rusted rich orange .
he was staring off toward the sunset , his face lit with gold and orange .
his open eyes shifted from a violent storm - black to a bright orange , running through the spectrum .
the greenhouse was laid out in what seemed to clary 's untrained eye no particular pattern , but everywhere she looked was a riot of color : blue - purple blossoms spilling down the side of a shining green hedge , a trailing vine studded with jewel - toned orange buds .
the room was decorated in vintage motel with a cheap orange spread and muddy paintings on the wall .
they 're serious about loss prevention at the mall , and i 'd look horrible in an orange jumpsuit .
an orange glow sparked in greydusk 's skull and then the attacker went limp .
they went together through the courtyard and ascended the terraces that mounted up the hillside , silently ; at the summit they looked down upon the broad plaza circled by the blue - gas lamps , and the orange glow of firelight out of the windows of the hall .
jay found an orange slice .
the sun is setting behind the mountains and the sky is splashed with hues of pinks and oranges .
some small orange patches of light are flashing several feet ahead of me .
they settled in some bright orange battered preformed chairs at the rear of baggage claim , out of the way of the loitering travelers .
the rug was olive green , the furniture a throwback to the worst of the seventies - dull oranges and duller golds , a truly obnoxious plaid that somehow captured all three colors plus a muddy brown for variety .
even when a quick ride on moonglow did n't wash away the blues , my room did , so as long as i put a record on my beloved orange player and slipped on a pair of earphones .
she was wearing a long african looking tunic made up of oranges and browns .
` ` dawn , love , '' he said in that irrepressible cockney accent of his , throwing his arms open and bringing me into a tight embrace , my face smooshed up against his scratchy orange - and - brown wool suit , which smelled like coffee and mothballs .
he shot us both a gleaming smile and raised his orange brows .
again the ball of flame rolled out but this time , as the dragon 's neck muscles contracted , its colour faded from orange to yellow , from yellow to white , and finally to the faintest of blues .
the sound froze into a flickering orange word that hung beside its companion .
it had probably heard about orange sauce .
it became a cheery sort of orange .
it did n't seem right , gliding along under a big orange moon over dark foliage that clicked and buzzed and whirred with insects .
on the floor was a large orange pumpkin .
' if she does anything bad to granny , she 's going to go through the rest of her life bright orange and round , with seeds in , ' she said .
behind them , the flames of ephebe had merged into one orange spark .
the mugger 's fear was a fading orange line .
the tunnels were brilliant with smells , mostly the acrid yellows and earthy oranges of ancient drains .
here and there moths had worked their lacemaking skills and most of the red colour had faded to shades of orange and brown , but to his relief it was a proper wizard 's robe .
they lurched down through the freezing woods , the snow glowing orange in the risen sun .
there was an ankh - morpork flag pinned to one wall , the red faded to threadbare orange .
it was so obvious she heard herself laugh , and the sound curved away in shades of orange and red and vanished into the ceiling .
and they were in every color sweets can be , such as not - really - raspberry red , fake - lemon yellow , curiously - chemical orange , some - kind - of - acidy green , and who - knows - what blue .
he watched until a candle was lit in an upstairs room , and watched the orange glow until it went out .
and then he saw it - a flash of bright orange , a line in the dark that came and went .
a huge orange rose , streaked with yellow .
his eyes were still circles of red , red - orange , and finally true orange , like a fire banked down in his eyes .
he reminded me of a palm tree - his entire body was rail thin , but his rust - orange hair shot out in wild branches .
temeraire said triumphantly , ` ` je vous ai attrape il ne faut pas pleurer ; oh , i beg your pardon , i am very sorry , '' and laurence wiped the grit from his face and nostrils , coughing violently , and clearing his stinging vision found himself looking almost directly into the alarming fiery orange of a longwing 's slit - pupiled eye .
harcourt put her boot on the railing and jumped up to lily 's back ; she took hold of the harness to steady it , and lily unfurled her great wings , the feature from which the breed took its name : rippled along the edges in narrow bands of black and white with the dark blue of her body shading across their length to a brilliant deep orange the color of old marmalade ; they shone iridescent in the sun .
maximus alone still had a fragile air , but he was bobbing in the ocean a little way off , his hollow sides buoyed up by the water and the somewhat faded orange and red of his hide refreshed by the lingering sunset pouring in over the wide ripples of the water .
a narrow vent , at the back , higher up than they could reach : propped up on mr . pratt 's broad shoulder , laurence could see , through the thin stream of black smoke , the orange glow of the fire which the men had set to smoke them out .
as he brought the cigarette up to his lips , his mouth parted and then he was sucking , the tip flaring orange , his fore- and middle fingers briefly releasing the shaft .
he was utterly cloaked , so it was n't as if anyone was going to see the orange glow .
` ` i like orange . ''
she had exaggerated purple eyeliner , tammy faye bakker eyelashes , a swipe of orange across her sagging cheekbones , and most disturbing of all , red lipstick that was half on her lips and half on her teeth .
with my eyes open i could only make out blackness through the murky water , highlighted by dancing orange fire above the surface .
the nearest lights were emanating from the victoria area , and though they caused the clouds above them to glow a sickly orange color , they were n't powerful enough to intrude celestially over here .
it was n't quite five o ' clock but the sun was already setting , creating a harsh orange glow behind the buildings of downtown portland .
she glared at me , her eyes flashing orange and grey in the passing streetlights , her hair taking on the color of a creamsicle .
a small orange rubber ball came rolling into the office , bouncing to a stop when it hit the doorframe .
the faded orange awning , tired - looking patrons , and peeling graphics all looked exactly the same .
i noticed an orange rubber ball in her hands .
there was a faint orange glow in its eyes .
an orange glow rose in dorfl 's eyes .
a few lingering wisps of mist took on an orange glow , and the clouds in the west turned a vivid , fiery red , until the sky itself seemed aflame .
grove had all his stokers down there , sweating and feeding that red - orange maw , and coating the beech and pine knots with lard before they tossed them in .
the fire was intense , a hot orange curtain flickering on all sides of the road .
crimson eyes flickering with flares of orange and yellow and a hot , pale blue .
thunder rumbled across the face of the valley , a threatening , growling sound from the thunderheads gathering around garados 's snowcapped peak , colored a deep orange by the first rays of the rising sun - thana , the wind fury known to the valley 's holders as garados 's wife , was preparing a battle force of her own .
by the time the predawn pale blue had given way to the first tints of orange and yellow , they had reached the last stretch of woods before leaving the lands of bernardholt .
the keeper 's eyes changed color , right there before his own : they changed from a pale shade of maggot - white to something as bright orange as a candle 's flame .
` ` shut up , '' tavi said ` ` give me the oil '' he took the jar from kitai 's hand , jerked the broad cork out of its mouth he turned to the area behind himself and kitai and stomped hard on the ground several times , breaking the surface of the wax and drawing out more of the sludgy , glowing fluid more outraged , chittering shrieks rose through the glowing forest ` ` what are you doing ' '' hissed kitai ` ` you show them where we are ' '' ` ` yes , '' tavi said ` ` exactly ` ` he dumped the oil onto the croach , into the depression his boots had made , and took the firestone box into his hand he opened the two separate chambers and took the firestones into his hand , kneeling beside the oil he looked up to see the glowing orange dots of dozens of eyes closing in on him with that same weird , alien grace , knobby legs rippling across the surface of the croach ` ` whatever you are doing , '' kitai half - shouted , ` ` hurry ' '' tavi waited until the eyes were close and then he reached down to the oil and struck the firestones together they sparked brightly , glowing motes falling down , into the spilled oil one of them found a spot where the oil was not deep enough to drown it , and in a rush , the whole of the small pool took sudden , brilliant flame fire leapt up from the depression in the croach , as high as tavi 's chest the boy recoiled from the flames , grabbed kitai by the marat boy 's one - piece smock , and hauled him toward the pool they tumbled into the cold water together , and tavi pulled them both down the water was shallow , no more than thigh deep , and viciously chill tavi and kitai gasped together at the cold then the aleran boy stared at the keepers the wax spiders had gone mad at the kindling of the fire those nearest to him had fallen back and were scuttling in circles , letting out high pitched shrieks others , farther back , had begun to bob up and down in confusion or fear , letting out high - pitched , interrogative chirrups none of them seemed to see either of the boys in the pool ` ` it worked , '' tavi hissed ` ` quick , here ` ` he reached into the pack and drew out both blankets he shoved one at kitai , then took his own and dipped it into the water a moment later , he lifted it and draped it over his shoulders and head , shivering a bit with the cold ` ` quick , '' he said ` ` cover up ` ` kitai stared at him ` ` what are you doing ' '' he hissed ` ` we should run while we have a chance ` ` ` ` quick , cover up '' ` ` why ? ''
it was a couple of scraps of tangerine orange , and she looked spectacular in it .
he was quiet for a moment , and when i looked over , i saw that his eyes had taken on a fierce orange color , like the heart of a fire .
emily shrieked , but janette reacted quickly , damping down the flames before they were injured and setting up a glittering shield that splashed kevin 's assault away in a rolling orange stream .
the sun cleared the waves , burning through the clouds in bands of hot gold and orange , and in its warmth , in his arms , i got my wish .
she was wearing a tight pantsuit in a brownish , tweedy material , flecked with orange .
i got a hot orange pulse of alarm in response .
beautiful , terrifying , like nothing that most human beings had ever seen or would ever want to ... a storm shot through with crawling , vivid orange as the fire struggled to keep its cohesion .
his eyes flared bright orange , and he looked straight at yvette prentiss .
the plate she was carrying was so hot it steamed , and he had not a fig to give for propriety once he had tasted the splendid bacon : cured with some unfamiliar smoke , and full of flavor , and the yolks of his eggs almost bright orange .
but on this occasion , another dragon was called down with them : a newcomer of a breed laurence had never before seen , its wings patterned like marble , veins of orange and yellow and brown shot through a nearly translucent ivory , and very large , but not bigger than temeraire .
he gives his orange corkscrew locks a shake and applies a fresh coat of purple lipstick to his mouth .
this orange will practically glow in the dark .
the chicken in creamy orange sauce .
on the table sit four backpacks , two large black ones with the numbers 2 and 11 , a medium - size green one with the number 5 , and a tiny orange one - really i could carry it around my wrist - that must be marked with a 12 .
i ' m at the table now , my fingers closing over the tiny orange backpack .
he gives his head a disapproving shake , causing his orange corkscrew curls to bounce around .
i can see it immediately , the rim of the descending sun , the sky streaked with soft shades of orange .
as the train is pulling into the district 11 station , cinna puts the finishing touches on my outfit , switching my orange hairband for one of metallic gold and securing the mockingjay pin i wore in the arena to my dress .
i pick up a small roasted bird , bite into it , and my tongue floods with orange sauce .
beetee sits motionless in a wheelchair at the center of the meadow , watching a spring - green bird hover in midair as it sips nectar from a large orange blossom .
when he hits the pod , we take cover - ducking into doorways or flattening onto the pretty , light orange and pink paving stones - as a hail of bullets sweeps back and forth over our heads .
row after row of sumptuous blooms , in lush pink , sunset orange , and even pale blue .
they were too big , and shaped wrong , and their eyes were a bright , glowing orange .
the evil , implacable orange of its eyes seemed to glow in the soft light that filtered through the forest canopy .
also on the edge of sight , from up here only a thin silver ribbon in a world of green and blue and orange trees and black stone , was the rio embudo , the main channel of the great river system that drained the sierra hueso and all the north lands .
ramon leaned against the thin white slats of the box , peering out over the shimmering orange - and - black sea of leaves below them .
the rags he tied over his mouth began the morning in any number of bright colors - blue and red and orange - and ended the gray of dirt .
a thin , transparent membrane slipped over its eyes , dulling the orange color .
its left eye had gone from hot orange to a deep ruby red and swollen to half again its previous size .
its hot orange eye looked dull .
it was n't hard work , and by the time the sunset filled the western sky - distant clouds glowing gold and orange and gaudy pink - he 'd almost doubled the pile that his twin had made .
i rolled over and saw the fireball belching orange and black into the sky , and for a blank second , i did n't even connect it to the land rover .
heat battered my skin , and when i dared to look down , we were passing over the blazing orange pyre of the land rover .
the ground there fell away into a series of gullies , then rose sharply in a ripple that exposed lines of strata shaded red , yellow , brown , orange .
the aura surrounding gretchen tillbury was a dark orange shading to yellow at the edges .
the lemony tints at the edges of gretchen 's now darkened , so that the whole was a uniform orange .
the street would be empty , and - he stopped dead , the binocular case dangling at the end of its strap and tracking a long slow trapezoidal shadow back and forth across the floor where the orange glow of the streetlights lay like an ugly coat of paint .
he was sure of one thing : docs # 1 and # 2 were both immersed in bright auras which in the binoculars appeared to be green - gold and filled with deep reddish - orange flecks that looked like sparks swirling up from a campfire .
these the wind sent hurrying along the sidewalks in rattling dervishes of orange and yellow and red .
two of them stopped to argue about something , and their auras , one green and the other a vibrant shade of burnt orange , intensified , drew in , and began to gleam with rising spirals of scarlet thread .
the spectators were either following green boy into the store for their post - practice supplies or clustered around orange boy , congratulating him .
he looked through the glass at her and saw a woman buried inside a troubled orange aura that looked like a burning bramblebush .
and the flames shooting over the grove of spruces went from orange to green .
it slid down in the rocker , which was now changing into something that looked like a throne carved from dull orange rock .
through the red haze , i could see many of the loose rocks were a dull gray , streaked with orange .
i stared at the rowan tree , more perfect than any real one could be , its orange - colored berries bright against green leaves swaying in the breeze .
his wrinkled skin had a slight orange tint .
hiram fished the paper chrysalis had given him out of his jacket pocket and went out to ackroyd 's waiting room , a tiny cubicle filled to the point of claustrophobia with a dead orange sofa , a gray steel desk , and the receptionist , an extremely buxom blonde whose mouth was pursed in a perpetual o of surprise .
and so she had sat by the duck pond and , as the sun set and the deep orange full moon rose low on the broad horizon of the marram marshes , aunt zelda did her own bit of scrying .
against one wall a forge glowed dark orange , providing the right stygian atmosphere .
he probably could , he decided , and noticed that although her hair was indeed thinning and almost white , it still held a pale trace of orange that hinted of more vivid reds in the past .
then he saw a glimmer of orange and yellow , and he moved over - he no longer had the strength to rush - and reached into the snow .
by the time dinner was ready , the sun was setting , casting the sky in a wash of orange and red .
above this were the taller growths - strange trees with tube - like trunks of grey and purple spreading rich canopies above his head , in which orange , silver , and blue were the predominant colours .
the richness of its colours - its orange , its silver , its purple and ( to his surprise ) its glossy blacks - made it seem almost heraldic .
they passed through a flock of large orange - coloured birds all fast asleep , each on one leg , each with its head beneath its wing , so that they looked like a grove of formal and flowery shrubs .
there was a hissing sound , a chime of steel , and the heavy wooden railing fell into two pieces , their ends smoking and glowing orange .
lord aquitaine pointed his sword at riva , and fire abruptly licked its way down the length of the weapon , fluttering up out of the steel , which began to glow with a sullen orange heat .
set a little apart from the others , the violent orange was a raw , open wound in the pre - dawn light .
cynthia had a gaudy punk hairdo - half green , half orange - and looked as if she might weigh all of ninety pounds .
now it just smelled like very hard water , the kind that would leave an orange ring around the tub and toilet - bowl .
but the next time his puss is on the front page of the old hometown paper , he 's either going be the late norman daniels or he 's going to be in legirons and an orange tracksuit . ''
the sun had been low on the horizon , glaring orange into his eyes when he raised his head and reached for the towel .
antennae , mandibles , eyes , and legs were sooty black , but the dominant color was the burnt orange of its armor plating .
within an hour more than forty orange mobile marched across the sand and attacked the blacks ' corner .
kurag 's other eyes were a yellow that bordered on orange , but the eye at his shoulder was lavender , with a spill of black lashes to frame it .
there was a heavier black ring around the larger eyespot , so that the thick velvet black that surrounded all that color sat in a pool of pinkish orange .
for an instant her light darkened at its core , a flash of orange and red , like true flame .
their inner circles were gold , like metal melted down ; the next circles were yellow , the yellow of pale sunlight ; and the last and widest circles were almost an orange - yellow like the petals of a marigold .
they were too big , and shaped wrong , and their eyes were a bright glowing orange .
and then it came into sight , from up here only a thin silver ribbon in the world of green and blue and orange trees and black stone - the rio embudo , the main channel of the great river system that drained the sierra hueso and all the north lands .
its eyes had shifted again to the hot orange he had first seen , and its crest had risen and bristled like a animal sensing threat .
sunset threw reddish - orange light onto their house , and the scent of her flower garden filled the air .
we soon crossed into the oak land , a breathtaking landscape of fiery orange trees and scattered leaves , enhanced by the burning orange sunset .
we soon crossed into the oak land , a breathtaking landscape of fiery orange trees and scattered leaves , enhanced by the burning orange sunset .
and framing everything , of course , were those brilliant , yellow - orange trees .
only this time , their positions had changed , their colors dimmer and darker orange .
that achingly wonderful glory drained out of me , like embers fading from orange to gray .
i tested the weight of a fluorescent orange and green swirled ball , racking my brain .
not taffeta or bright orange .
she herself was dressed magnificently , in a tight dress that was an orange reminiscent of autumn leaves .
chapter eight there was a confusion of colors : yellows , reds , and oranges , and over it all was gold .
she was wearing a dress of deep orange , decorated with gold embroidery .
` ` well , if it 's my choice ... '' there was a flash , and a wild pitching sensation in his gut , and suddenly he was lying with her on a glistening bed of sand as the glowing orange disc of the sun sank into the endless expanse of sparkling ocean beyond their feet .
then the creeping magic completed its journey and the earth cracked open to swallow him in a whirlwind of searing heat , screams and the sickly orange glow of the lake of fire .
lightning flickered orange and red .
in his master 's hand , a flaming orange sword formed , glowing bright and deadly and making the room seem even darker .
reds , purples , greens , oranges , coppers , crimson shot across the sky like passionate electricity .
on the floor beside the men was a brooch of glittering silver ; a crimson - orange - banded stone , held in place with claws and with snake - heads , and the expression on the snake - heads was one of triumph and avarice and satisfaction .
he said , ` ` you used to wear a sort of a coat , it was orange , and whenever i saw that particular color orange , i 'd think of you .
and it probably was.the man was morbidly obese.sweat glistened on his forehead , the orange glow of the torch reflecting off of his pasty skin.i silently made a face.once again , he smelled like a hamster .
and surprise , surprise.within a month , tara wilson was wearing his class ring on her short orange finger.puke .
as they sat on an old orange print couch at pinky 's house , sharing a double cheese , double pepperoni pizza , a real housewife whined about her latest plastic surgery mishap .
from beneath him she watched the trees that had been hit succumb to wild orange flames .
its plate seemed to be a dull orange steel , but very close inspection showed it was really some sort of vegetable matter .
at the far edge of that plain stood the dark tower , its smoky stone outlined by the dull orange ball of a setting sun , its fearful windows rising in a spiral .
slung from the lord 's saddle was his shield , dark orange and charged with three black castles .
three castles , black on orange ... where have i seen those before ?
those were three castles , black on orange , ser .
three castles , black on orange .
chapter 1 it was a cool , purple night , and the candles continued to burn , flickering orange and yellow against the cave walls .
soon the floor was a moving , rippling mirror in which the orange and yellow flames danced upside down .
past the hood , the road glimmered flat black , sparking with little explosions of light - tiny creatures , maybe , living and dying in their own little dramas ? -and in the distance the sky was a rolling , strange landscape of grays and blues and orange streaks .
the orange was pushing its way through .
but late on the third day he was seized with a fit he could not suppress , and keynes and his assistants trundled the pot of medicine up onto the dragondeck : a thick , almost gelatinous brownish mixture , swimming in a glaze of liquid orange fat .
` ` no , thank you , sir ; i am all over dirt , '' laurence said , eyeing the beautiful drapery , pale orange and patterned with flowers .
laurence looked around wildly : a bright orange goldfish two fingers long was wriggling on the stones in the puddled water .
in view , a graceful nine - arched bridge crossed the pond , mirrored in black shadows against the water now dyed yellow - orange with the reflections of the late sunlight , the lotus flowers closing up for the night .
the fallen torch was burning down to embers , a little distance off , the only gleam of light anywhere around ; all the night seemed very black but for the spray of stars above , and that last orange glow .
the fire was in the distance yet , a broad and smoke - shrouded wall of glowing orange seen through the veil , but already the yellow tips of grass were igniting like red embers upon the crest of the dune behind him as he bent , and a wave of heat came shimmering almost palpable into temeraire 's face and stole his breath .
but the harness did not look so tight , he thought with sudden anxiety , and then the wind struck and he was tumbling , his head bowed down nearly below his forelegs , the blazing orange of the fire suddenly become the sky , the ground yawning with blue cloud - canyons , and then turned over and over , blurring ; he could not spread his wings .
in the morning temeraire said , ` ` laurence - laurence , there is another one , over there ; look , '' and laurence rising saw one last monolith standing at a distance : alone , wholly alone , even without a separated hillock for company : pink and palest orange cream in the early sunrise , and then temeraire said slowly , ` ` - is that a dragon ? ''
a large orange spider with a small brown spider on its back staggered in and collapsed on the floor .
it was a bat with a bright orange coat that gregor had never seen before .
green and black , sunset orange , grape - soda purple .
she could just barely make out its surface , reflecting the dancing reds and oranges of the flames .
she watched it burn , tiny little flames of blue and green , topped by orange .
its last light was dusting the tops of the peaked homes , coloring the tan tile a deeper orange .
there were no actual flames , despite the smoke and the orange glow warming the smooth riverstones that ringed the pit .
several of the raken had landed elsewhere in the tower grounds , vague black shapes , lit by the fires in flickering orange .
it clinked faintly as he untied the top , the contents reflecting the deep orange hearthlight .
the gatehouse was alight with an orange glow , and the guardsmen on watch stood outside in wet cloaks , halberds held to the side .
she could almost feel their heat shining upon her , turning her skin a violent orange .
the sun - kissed orange was still there , but spiked with something sharper , spicier , spiked with his masculine blend .
she was wearing a midriff - baring mesh knit top with big yellow smiley faces , and a day - glo orange camisole underneath .
wispy clouds out to sea that glowed orange and gold ; the ocean glittered dark blue , flecked with white foam .
it was sequined with leftover rain that glittered orange in the rising sun .
everybody else was screaming , too , but david heard me ; he turned his head , and even at this distance i saw the hot orange flare of his eyes .
i pulled myself up into the aetheric again , feeling like i was pulling the weight of the world , and saw him as a dim orange smudge .
someone summoned fire , a brilliant orange bonfire that hovered over her palm .
close up , his tan looked a shade of orange that earthly sun did n't produce , and the professionally even smile did n't really disguise the ruthlessness in his eyes .
he did n't answer for a long moment , and then he reached over and picked up the empty orange juice glass .
there was something flickering orange out there , barely visible ... my car was on freaking fire .
the camera closed on a pair of youngsters in cheap garish orange gorilla costumes holding a hand - painted sign : man wolf we love you !
thibault brought the platter of bright orange yams .
ahead the world exploded with lurid dancing orange flames .
a faint orange light glowed from inside .
callahan 's cheeks pulsed orange .
the way the sunset 's reds and oranges and purples shifted over the surface of the lake like a kaleidoscope 's colors .
the green suit was gone and replaced with a bright orange jumpsuit .
you 're just a sad old man in an orange jumpsuit whose kingdom only extends as far as those bars . ''
in the green glow of nemurian midnight , the food stain on the geosurvey graph blazed electric orange .
a small fire burned nearby , fingers of orange and crimson dancing brightly in the darkness .
it was as art deco as art deco gets : an ocean liner , the figure of mercury , and a trio of biplanes escorting the graf zeppelin , all with a patina of emerald green and sky blue and sunset orange .
they have lovely purple flower spikes dusted with orange when they are in bloom .
the reds , yellows and oranges of freshly opening blossoms were brilliant against the green foliage .
the sun was slowly edging towards the west , leaving behind a purplish orange haze .
the room glowed a pale orange overhead as they turned into their rooms for prayer before bed .
frances and charlotte instinctively peered in through the window of the carriage , expecting to see the bride - to - be and her bridesmaids enshrouded by mists of white satin , ferns and orange blossoms .
colored in bright orange and red and green , they became their joyous lights on the straw christmas tree .
a large arrangement of wildflowers in a variety of yellows and oranges provided the rooms only touch of color .
through half - closed eyes he caught glimpses of sconces flickering orange against walls , of a chambermaid 's startled face , of the row of portraits in the west corridor , all of which blurred into a graying haze as he fought gamely to hold on to consciousness .
beyond their rooftops , dawn 's high , feathery clouds were mauve against the brilliant orange sunrise .
fall had moved through virginia , painting the leaves a fiery red and brilliant orange .
the sun was changing colors in the sky , first yellow then orange then a crimson red .
along the bay he fled with melaina , out of eleusis with the open sea to their left and sunset turning from bright orange to dull gray before them .
just then the black and white smoke turned bright orange and the roof lifted , broke , and then fell , taking one wall with it .
aha , heres a lipstickdrat it , its some ridiculous orange color .
mukarrab khan paused to dip a fried mango into a shimmering orange sauce , asking himself what he should do .
as suddenly as the sea had come it drew away , but now there were steaming wraps tingling with astringent orange and clove , and he drifted through a land of aloe balm and amber .
morris signaled to the three infantrymen standing behind him , their helmets reflecting the dull orange of the candles .
it was yellowish with a faint tinge of orange .
the seven crystal chandeliers and the gilded sconces around the room cast an orange glow through the smoky fog .
caroline looked very handsome , too , in a deep orange russet - coloured gown , with gold tassels at the sleeves and waist and a spray of feathers dyed to match in her hair .
part i the rays of the rising sun stained the heaps of broken building stones to crimson orange .
i had not even realized how much time had passed until he started up , waking me as well , and i saw how the patterns of sunlight had faded to faint , pale streaks of orange .
strains of dixiein dixieland ill take my stand , to live and die in dixiefilled the air with a melancholy born of determination as the burning cross bathed white - hooded klansmen with hells fiery orange .
patrick noticed the orange glow of cigarettes on the opposite bank , but he could n't see the faces behind them .
behind them , three black pillars with lotus capitals rose thirty feet to dark orange beams spanning the ceiling .
a day or two later , he turned over a flat rock and a shiny orange scorpion charged out , brandishing its claws and tail at the intruder .
his skin color warming into a deep orange , he absorbed all he could of the woman theormi .
yet , khufus smile shone from his pale orange face .
does the whole of the sky blush with pinks and rich orange ?
violets and scarlet and , over all , a blood orange haloes it .
its orange hue played on their faces though it did nt penetrate the recesses of an - khis eyes .
sharing their orange glow , he drank water ladled from a vase .
i make two trips to the ark and back again , three , four , until the sun hangs low in the sky , bleeding streaks of orange and crimson into the horizon .
the animal paces behind the thick wooden bars of its cage , its orange and black and white body immense , its muscles rippling beneath its fur in a way that reminds me of molten bronze : liquid and white hot and very , very dangerous .
the large orange disk had just cleared the distant hills , and shone warm on his face , outlining his medium frame .
the next day went just as macgregor had predicted , and caleb stood as the setting sun painted the ground orange , watching the long shadows from the skeleton of his house move over the ground .
the heavy drapes that served to cover the archway onto the balcony were parted as soon as isaac had shut the door behind him , allowing the vivid orange and red hue of the setting sun to find its way in the room .
the mans sword flashed in the moonlight , parrying the lunge and pushing adrians sword upward , sparks scattering from the two edges , casting a very faint dull orange upon the mans face .
` ` code orange , '' tim yelled back as if she should know what a code orange was .
` ` code orange , '' tim yelled back as if she should know what a code orange was .
the leaves were remarkable reds , oranges , and yellows , natural brilliance like tatum had never seen .
it was about zero six thirty hours and the eastern horizon was starting to take on an intense orange glow when brad walked by the snack bar and started out of the terminal at kadena afb .
he sat on his sea bag and watched the sky continue to get brighter with a multitude of reds and oranges resembling a pacific northwest forest fire in the dark of the moon .
she loved this time of year the fields around the village were beautiful in their warm shades of yellow , bordered by the fiery reds , oranges and vibrant greens of the trees .
it sent great red fingers to brush at the earth , setting fire to the last orange and yellow leaves of the oaks and birches .
the sun was just rising , the sky streaked with slashes of red and orange against lead grey .
the flames began to take hold , flaring bright orange and red in the smoke .
why was the light orange ?
when we finally arrived at the train station the sun was beginning to set and the sky was painted in a water pallet of reds , oranges and blues .
it was practically pitch black , although the sun was beginning to rise and a faint orange light shone on the sea .
the sun was just dropping below the horizon with a big show of bright reds , oranges , and pinks in the western sky when he spotted a small grove of trees ahead in the distance and decided to make his camp there for the night .
yeah , i thought so , take the roots and place them in a pot and boil those roots until the water is tainted a yellowest - orange color .
the fire had dwindled down to an orange glow of hot embers ; the hobbled horses graze at the edge of their campground .
the dawn was so gloriousi had never seen one like it with an orange so bright that it shimmered as if the sky was on fire and i kept thinking , would nt it be wonderful for my child to be born on such a day ?
the customers walking by , an older couple wearing orange this is my costume t - shirts , probably tourists , their cameras giving them away , looked nervously at timothy and stepped aside to study the prayer beads .
they now said that some batches of the chemical were contaminated with a thing called dioxin which was much worse than the agent orange .
mathew continued , they say it is from the dioxin which contaminated the agent orange they sprayed us all with , that it damages our dna , and not only increases the risk of cancers in ourselves but the damage can be passed on to our children and cause cancer in them .
she noticed an ever increasing focus on the effects of chemicals , sprays like agent orange , their effects on exposed people , their long term effects , the potential to cause harm to ones own children .
a jaunty hat featured a startling orange feather .
sitting on a crosstree is a large , green - and - yellow parrot with a huge orange hooked beak .
looking round , he could see that several of the guests were wearing bright reds and deep orange .
the horses looked almost splendid ; their lack of breeding was still apparent if you looked carefully , but they shone , brushed skins and oiled hooves , the crimson and orange of the blankets thrown over them gaudy in the sun .
evening fell , flaring first orange , then a dim purple like a bruise .
sporadically there was a flash of orange , as the blackened face of the log fell away to reveal the still burning heart ; and then it slept again .
alcuin 15 : after the battle the night after the battle of the beacon , halfdan 's army reached the bottom of the mountains , to find an orange glow filling the sky ahead .
metal - on - metal blows made clanging rackets and sometimes a shower of brilliant orange sparks .
over the tree - tops , i saw the sky start to glow orange , from the burning buildings of our lost home .
~~~ sunset blazed orange and gold across the pale blue rim of the western sky as amparo paused at the edge of the plaza .
a thick blue kitchen plate sat squarely in the middle of a woven mat of burnt orange .
her hair looked a positively brilliant orange against the rays of the sun that hit it when she sat up .
when the sun was a hazy orange disk low in the eastern sky , filtering between the towering oaks and poplars , the hunting party reached a clearing .
the sun , a huge glowing ball of orange , fell slowly toward the horizon , bathing the timbers of the ship in a soft glow of red , its sails in a fiery orange .
as the sun prepared to dip into the great sea already cooling from molten gold to a duller orange , ambrose saw the captain and the rest of the crew arrive at the quay without any of the captives .
at length phillip had consumed all of their supply of mead , and the knife blade glowed a dull orange .
his cabin was over the next rise , and when he looked in that direction he saw a flickering orange and red glow playing along the underbellies of the clouds overhead .
his aura had turned to orange .
as she approached the front door , she saw a golden orange aura that she knew meant that melanie wilson was waiting impatiently outside .
she could see a bright orange aura peeping through the blinds .
she was wearing a blazing orange dress that showed that , despite her age , she still had a figure .
she slammed her palm on the table and her usual orange aura was tinged with red .
jakes aura lit up like a christmas tree in dancing yellows , oranges , and reds .
the kids are obviously in orange but i m still not sure what to get your mother so she s in blue .
he finally settled on a mixed pack of cream soda , diet soda , regular soda and orange soda .
food bulged from every shelf : smoked bacon , fresh orange juice , white chocolate cheesecake , quiche , brie , butter , sausages , bagels , fresh blueberries and strawberries , whipped cream , ring doughnuts with pink icing and sprinkles , pastries .
the diploma behind the little man reflected the final orange rays of the days sun .
a gash on her forehead stained the water that dripped down one of her ringlet curls , painting it a sickly orange .
it glitters on the horizon with the yellows and oranges of a ripe peach .
there was a faded orange and black sign stapled to the door .
by the time we had settled into the new school routine , front yard baseball turned into front yard football , leaves turned their oranges , yellows and reds and t - shirts grew longer sleeves .
the slight orange glow of the sun was just peeking in the sky to the east .
chanler did nt talk to starr again , until one evening when she sat on the dock , alone , watching yellow and gold rays expand across the sky and turn to violent shades of orange .
chapter 20 new york city the early morning sun gave everything in new castle a subtle orange glow .
chapter 24 the cave lily sat by the fire , staring absently at the orange glowing embers .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
parallax - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 644 the 315 a 231 and 231 of 210 i 186 to 162 in 126 my 84 is 84 that 79 on 79 it 74 was 65 her 65 with 60 you 57 me 56 his 56 he 53 for 51 at 44 as 40 she 39 from 38 this 34 an 34 if 34 like 34 miranda 32 we 32 they 30 i ' m 29 been 28 or 28 into 27 by 27 one 26 there 26 not 25 it 's 24 wt 24 but 24 have 24 do 23 were 23 jack 22 no 22 who 22 do n't 22 him 22 be 22 when 21 has 21 about 21 are 20 your 20 had 19 what 19 marchland 19 all 18 carson 18 through 18 judy 17 so 17 up 17 think 17 then 16 got 16 down 16 out 15 back 15 some 15 she 's 15 them 14 he 's 14 its 14 just 14 mr 14 too 14 fisher 14 car 14 light 14 ca n't 14 room 13 did 13 km 13 i 'd 13 six 13 found 12 even 12 could 12 that 's 12 right 12 never 12 those 12 off 12 everything 12 yes 12 see 12 years 11 white 11 go 11 say 11 our 11 after 11 much 11 left 11 house 11 miranda 's 11 face 11 because 11 does n't 10 people 10 something 10 away 10 pride 10 went 10 kern 10 know 10 how 10 their 10 time 10 eyes 10 long 10 since 10 did n't 10 says 10 detective 10 window 10 enough 10 us 9 can 9 wo n't 9 get 9 many 9 way 9 was n't 9 there 's 9 only 9 good 9 missing 9 why 9 well 9 is n't 9 until 9 ice 9 nothing 9 took 9 love 8 going 8 gone 8 would 8 woman 8 more 8 kitchen 8 course 8 another 8 man 8 eye 8 home 8 6 8 here 8 women 8 wife 8 hand 8 once 8 these 8 door 8 thing 8 before 8 first 7 local 7 new 7 any 7 where 7 come 7 other 7 except 7 ball 7 mf 7 made 7 old 7 during 7 every 7 maybe 7 excerpted 7 two 7 will 7 ask 7 head 6 green 6 parties 6 want 6 fire 6 watching 6 end 6 than 6 marchland 's 6 big 6 none 6 now 6 over 6 thank 6 things 6 few 6 hell 6 life 6 mouth 6 force 6 three 6 trees 6 stopped 6 royal 6 truth 6 put 6 day 6 ever 6 done 6 while 6 tell 6 seem 6 name 6 around 5 hear 5 show 5 keep 5 doing 5 behind 5 he 'd 5 today 5 hair 5 near 5 god 5 kept 5 turn 5 past 5 penny 5 you 're 5 look 5 stop 5 again 5 making 5 state 5 skull 5 almost 5 homicide 5 hit 5 wake 5 against 5 i ' ve 5 mind 5 boys 5 office 5 world 5 road 5 best 5 makes 5 sound 5 field 5 such 5 edge 5 guess 5 would n't 5 achilles 5 bottle 5 lot 5 mean 5 place 5 knew 5 olympia 5 mine 5 black 5 whatever 5 blue 5 had n't 5 getting 5 hands 5 said 5 year 5 let 5 still 5 carson 's 5 stars 5 ring 5 blood 5 though 5 lost 5 always 5 myself 5 dust 5 looks 5 across 5 take 5 night 5 she 'd 5 picture 4 dropped 4 married 4 interview 4 documentary 4 truck 4 anymore 4 partner 4 real 4 bring 4 tree 4 bad 4 honeymoon 4 scotch 4 late 4 coffee 4 wheels 4 months 4 under 4 great 4 department 4 kind 4 takes 4 whole 4 hat 4 fact 4 upon 4 sometimes 4 least 4 next 4 uh 4 somebody 4 what 's 4 opinion 4 washington 4 have n't 4 migraine 4 yeah 4 barnes 4 cops 4 easy 4 europe 4 broom 4 pain 4 catch 4 reason 4 words 4 we 'd 4 bet 4 search 4 obviously 4 need 4 does 4 although 4 girl 4 red 4 talk 4 oh 4 feet 4 anybody 4 case 4 places 4 we 're 4 jp 4 art 4 please 4 couple 4 heart 4 second 4 find 4 quite 4 suit 4 yet 4 thought 4 trial 4 am 4 body 4 glitter 4 point 4 either 4 cloud 4 along 4 high 3 wait 3 really 3 better 3 drain 3 yellow 3 folks 3 inn 3 charming 3 humming 3 four 3 simple 3 wearing 3 college 3 dark 3 fast 3 questions 3 members 3 gave 3 kicked 3 letters 3 bed 3 9 3 02 3 living 3 piece 3 copy 3 wave 3 pretty 3 finger 3 start 3 money 3 eight 3 flicker 3 report 3 most 3 desert 3 information 3 drug 3 screaming 3 roll 3 decided 3 tall 3 last 3 leather 3 burning 3 glass 3 else 3 busy 3 brush 3 inside 3 career 3 could ' ve 3 involved 3 gun 3 wanted 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 vanished 3 walls 3 different 3 remember 3 question 3 also 3 kern 's 3 evidence 3 coming 3 camera 3 ultragothic 3 yard 3 dirt 3 bridge 3 turned 3 hotel 3 days 3 keeps 3 band 3 brain 3 stay 3 declined 3 help 3 4 3 publicity 3 artist 3 tea 3 waiting 3 doors 3 word 3 line 3 sonofabitch 3 mom 3 fingers 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 sad 3 cows 3 details 3 honey 3 serial 3 pick 3 morning 3 effects 3 moment 3 mirror 3 sofa 3 disappearance 3 visit 3 ago 3 girls 3 circles 3 nods 3 own 3 mexico 3 rock 3 leaves 3 might 3 thinking 3 water 3 prosecution 3 sell 3 silence 3 full 3 pieces 3 smile 3 block 3 however 3 italy 3 we ' ve 3 among 3 very 3 moon 3 were n't 3 dry 3 indeed 3 tucker 3 sun 3 cop 3 nails 3 judy 's 3 changes 3 named 3 ass 3 between 3 space 3 book 3 kill 3 william 3 hole 3 dreams 3 pale 3 dollars 3 train 3 shoulder 3 guy 3 ground 3 beneath 3 should ' ve 3 anywhere 3 creepy 3 fragments 3 called 3 brute 3 studio 3 school 3 chase 3 resort 3 looking 3 anything 3 bought 3 counter 2 taken 2 sod 2 gray 2 satanic 2 guileless 2 wild 2 fair 2 project 2 death 2 crescent 2 loaded 2 owned 2 cola 2 musk 2 wheel 2 return 2 mason 2 samovar 2 serious 2 drunk 2 surprise 2 already 2 microwave 2 square 2 drugs 2 holding 2 personal 2 happy 2 table 2 caps 2 pulse 2 brim 2 vast 2 student 2 horns 2 country 2 met 2 wonder 2 cabinet 2 sleep 2 eventually 2 prior 2 located 2 huge 2 third 2 ordo 2 jones 2 dad 2 unfair 2 stuff 2 who 'd 2 gas 2 hope 2 fawkin ' 2 templi 2 sick 2 lane 2 wine 2 sea 2 patrons 2 flickers 2 bumper 2 talking 2 bare 2 lips 2 act 2 stolen 2 wrong 2 vegas 2 damn 2 damned 2 switch 2 picked 2 possible 2 shaken 2 orientis 2 iron 2 shit 2 move 2 99 2 moments 2 group 2 soon 2 merry - go - round 2 carsons 2 effort 2 image 2 saturday 2 chair 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 highway 2 teenage 2 wondering 2 came 2 sure 2 onto 2 prostitutes 2 briefing 2 nose 2 calls 2 voice 2 actually 2 would ' ve 2 anyone 2 awful 2 bugs 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 song 2 driveway 2 neither 2 doctor 2 unmarked 2 seen 2 begged 2 means 2 garbage 2 robot 2 recall 2 crush 2 museum 2 pipe 2 probably 2 heard 2 file 2 less 2 scenery 2 ink 2 paper 2 toward 2 washed 2 cast 2 sands 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 movies 2 psycho 2 ones 2 wax 2 clothes 2 suffering 2 woods 2 forced 2 mongrel 2 begin 2 thumb 2 shift 2 older 2 hundred 2 break 2 seemed 2 becomes 2 kids 2 intimate 2 quit 2 runs 2 northwest 2 sit 2 fractured 2 exit 2 soft 2 sex 2 has n't 2 killer 2 screwed 2 drips 2 tragedy 2 straight 2 murder 2 air 2 give 2 gaze 2 windows 2 leads 2 may 2 diamond 2 attached 2 graveyard 2 seattle 2 ah 2 impulse 2 kidnapped 2 number 2 surely 2 starts 2 event 2 wavers 2 pressure 2 far 2 admit 2 cancer 2 sheriff 's 2 ha 2 jc 2 cash 2 stumble 2 sir 2 ruined 2 anonymous 2 ancient 2 june 2 forth 2 exhibition 2 round 2 teeth 2 phone 2 showed 2 buddy 2 norman 2 boxes 2 throat 2 guys 2 curtain 2 lamp 2 hired 2 macy 2 safe 2 clouds 2 notion 2 message 2 magic 2 perhaps 2 dancing 2 bit 2 lots 2 god 's 2 worked 2 revenge 2 stretch 2 police 2 york 2 famous 2 should 2 holy 2 parallax 2 fine 2 watch 2 yourself 2 known 2 stare 2 ceramic 2 positively 2 rituals 2 cup 2 outside 2 center 2 physical 2 trunk 2 power 2 knocks 2 let 's 2 hours 2 gina 2 speak 2 mystery 2 call 2 items 2 mobile 2 argument 2 kurt 2 recedes 2 post 2 bathroom 2 ford 2 comes 2 sculptures 2 caught 2 grass 2 whore 2 media 2 clean 2 drive 2 testimony 2 saved 2 cards 2 buy 2 bundy 2 subject 2 beloved 2 gapes 2 rockwell 2 care 2 sky 2 poorly 2 dull 2 artifacts 2 ages 2 killers 2 mistake 2 blow 2 jane 2 cold 2 associates 2 cheap 2 happened 2 nail 2 thoughts 2 everybody 2 throbs 2 farm 2 become 2 expect 2 history 2 rest 2 cherry 2 swing 2 sip 2 wal - mart 2 romantic 2 legs 2 reported 2 work 2 nauseous 2 naturally 2 horror 2 each 2 coma 2 harmonica 2 close 2 sly 2 constricts 2 gallery 2 photos 2 golf 2 tonight 2 future 2 usually 2 problem 2 exactly 2 warm 2 traffic 2 dress 2 journal 2 blanket 2 coverage 2 weeks 2 horizon 2 placid 2 tips 2 vision 2 daily 2 bits 2 bright 2 same 2 free 2 glory 2 tracks 2 droplets 2 you ' ve 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 friends 2 chain 2 won 2 choppers 2 collar 2 seizure 2 looked 2 doe 2 public 2 kidnapping 2 must 2 faces 2 fisher 's 2 elf 2 interpol 2 dogs 2 touch 2 crash 2 wants 2 flushed 2 ready 2 track 2 bust 2 got ta 2 pacific 2 used 2 story 2 true 2 press 2 tickets 2 straw 2 believe 2 dicks 2 otherwise 2 moving 2 further 2 change 2 bailed 2 crisp 2 which 2 barnes ' 2 shaking 2 small 2 staring 2 former 2 dozen 2 low 2 nearly 2 finally 2 bands 2 turns 2 read 2 stroke 2 heavy 2 drove 2 century 2 task 2 fooled 2 academy 2 falls 2 leave 2 side 2 town 2 lines 2 paid 2 puppies 2 simply 2 vertigo 2 glasses 2 burn 2 works 2 stomach 2 shop 2 brown 2 times 2 persons 2 saw 2 demonstrated 2 chopping 1 registers 1 threshold 1 trust 1 numb 1 cerebrum 1 nature 's 1 artistic 1 throes 1 exercise 1 puffing 1 seeing 1 pawn 1 warden 1 confab 1 reminder 1 theatre 1 smells 1 ron 1 opera 1 torrence 1 dent 1 wizened 1 proof 1 8 1 giving 1 everyone 1 freddy 1 claustrophobic 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 ran 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 importance 1 paean 1 coincidences 1 crown 1 lift 1 identify 1 guest 1 treated 1 failed 1 sweating 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 hacked 1 rupture 1 ear 1 routines 1 toured 1 joseph 1 tires 1 chicago 1 lack 1 debts 1 fathom 1 rumble 1 strobes 1 breath 1 speculating 1 danced 1 fresh 1 figured 1 hatch 1 gather 1 patrol 1 housewife 1 amenities 1 cliffhanger 1 explode 1 minister 1 stone 1 rocks 1 fracture 1 poof 1 cerebral 1 sting 1 forty - two 1 la 1 dismiss 1 differently 1 cracks 1 semblance 1 ghost 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 fumes 1 saying 1 fateful 1 grounds 1 backpack 1 tap 1 ex - cop 1 approximately 1 flash 1 pile 1 evening 1 flatbed 1 taffy 1 deal 1 gasp 1 banker 1 networking 1 truthfully 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 whenever 1 inhale 1 trading 1 grad 1 substantial 1 poison 1 explains 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 leader 1 outline 1 expression 1 atoms 1 saint 1 torso 1 rummaged 1 formulate 1 brow 1 scrawl 1 dragged 1 winchester 1 laws 1 driven 1 cities 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 rushing 1 offered 1 victim 's 1 bleed 1 male 1 shut 1 apprentice 1 concrete 1 tugs 1 daubing 1 hypothesized 1 motes 1 anytime 1 saucers 1 eating 1 gothic 1 telegraph 1 valley 1 two - dimensional 1 dunes 1 oregon 1 tetragrams 1 russell 1 existence 1 good - night 1 jay 1 attest 1 maniac 1 register 1 brilliant 1 universe 1 checks 1 monday 1 profound 1 chambering 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 strains 1 blur 1 ashes 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 pulling 1 drippings 1 absence 1 character 1 grateful 1 bills 1 age 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 infinite 1 draft 1 results 1 foot 1 wrap 1 ticking 1 asceticism 1 tad 1 appear 1 n 's 1 thump 1 equation 1 caresses 1 knife 1 husband 1 fossil 1 natural 1 annette 1 hawk 1 released 1 poised 1 booze 1 moss 1 dapper 1 swami 1 cult 1 staggered 1 wunderkind 1 fills 1 hip - hop 1 prisoner 1 deathbed 1 omission 1 handshake 1 entire 1 cantonese 1 brochure 1 decayed 1 plastic 1 teller 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 beach 1 blame 1 hippie 1 glint 1 deadly 1 melted 1 coup 1 19 1 hill 1 smoking 1 expected 1 spectacle 1 tuned 1 shoot 1 yesterday 1 apocalyptic 1 temple 1 steak 1 studies 1 silent 1 cliff 1 causing 1 action 1 polar 1 vacuously 1 outfits 1 teletype 1 fat 1 atmosphere 1 orange 1 surprised 1 gravity 1 activities 1 author 1 slate 1 planned 1 throw 1 strands 1 dutchman 1 hob - nob 1 masochism 1 cross - legged 1 entertaining 1 janitors 1 rottweilers 1 san 1 caf 1 laborers 1 aluminum 1 clutched 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 dare 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 murderers 1 purse 1 flame 1 aleister 1 riding 1 climb 1 bloody 1 adulterer 1 wedding 1 they 'd 1 running 1 blasting 1 alone 1 little 1 pathos 1 combination 1 awkward 1 robin 1 j 1 gunfighter 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 spouses 1 beyond 1 corresponded 1 farce 1 score 1 dirty 1 masque 1 soaked 1 pit 1 fortune 1 mysterious 1 destroyed 1 rod 1 grimace 1 later 1 drains 1 trooper 1 tune 1 toothpick 1 canary 1 metal 1 resemble 1 disapproval 1 bianchi 1 biological 1 decked 1 ventilation 1 framed 1 kerosene 1 scented 1 periodically 1 firs 1 fugitive - from - hollywood 1 button 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 shimmer 1 jaws 1 brother 1 goes 1 promoting 1 postcard 1 clippings 1 unintelligible 1 sparks 1 angle 1 radio 1 scaffolds 1 forgotten 1 ocean 1 queasy 1 nevada 1 movie 1 fuhrman 1 activist 1 wipe 1 jump 1 theory 1 slurring 1 trashcans 1 sighting 1 beautiful 1 without 1 smacks 1 pictures 1 plaid 1 chapter 1 lam 1 radioactive 1 smiled 1 ruinous 1 pushes 1 endless 1 zero 1 footage 1 tank 1 bacardi 1 order 1 american - style 1 waterfront 1 sinatra 1 disintegrates 1 cro - magnon 1 data 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 chuckles 1 confession 1 scream 1 opportunity 1 d 1 chest 1 stoned 1 shadows 1 instrumental 1 slumped 1 like - minded 1 three - foot - high 1 someone 1 herself 1 agency 1 moons 1 smoke 1 child 1 vigil 1 subtracted 1 long - suffering 1 hooks 1 vitriolic 1 fizzes 1 send 1 states 1 needed 1 badge 1 pal 1 banged 1 skiing 1 cellophane - flesh 1 homework 1 delhi 1 incidents 1 silverfish 1 snort 1 discordant 1 checkered - past 1 expensive 1 illuminated 1 expedient 1 crunching 1 bone 1 goodness 1 ending 1 crosses 1 reopen 1 horribly 1 strapless 1 neurons 1 fields 1 fiasco 1 botch 1 electric 1 begins 1 special 1 totaled 1 horrors 1 changed 1 dodd 1 grimy 1 sits 1 handles 1 uxoricidal 1 palms 1 gin 1 kerchief 1 traveling 1 inmate 1 forward 1 luna 1 beat 1 correctional 1 stung 1 compared 1 strolls 1 premonition 1 positions 1 intent 1 relationship 1 ten 1 meets 1 sake 1 adolescent 1 minutia 1 delicate 1 blinded 1 cross 1 island 1 fence 1 hoping 1 authorities 1 monster 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 fir 1 weekend 1 thousands 1 doves 1 parked 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 3 1 rust 1 storm 1 reveals 1 mountains 1 parking 1 scads 1 sounds 1 n ' 1 horn 1 investigating 1 squeaks 1 part 1 pete 's 1 blobby 1 bullyboys 1 rescue 1 flight 1 chariots 1 shotgun 1 knows 1 cats 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 joyride 1 victim 1 basket 1 tacky 1 sweep 1 weighing 1 clarifies 1 remainder 1 park 1 drag 1 strong 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 sustained 1 marquee 1 balanced 1 fuse 1 presumed 1 paths 1 advanced 1 weekly 1 pasture 1 myth 1 matches 1 quickens 1 west 1 concern 1 farmer 1 fishing 1 stays 1 self - mutilation 1 dabbled 1 restored 1 john 1 ranks 1 indifference 1 numerous 1 glee 1 stalker 1 taint 1 workshop 1 catholic 1 senior 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 arts 1 loads 1 fly 1 degrees 1 mallet 1 casually 1 tremendous 1 1993 1 indecipherable 1 hank 1 dance 1 bobbed 1 received 1 stuck 1 westerns 1 swallows 1 backgammon 1 hi 1 devil 1 fbi 1 chapel 1 fluke 1 hurricane 1 finding 1 mesas 1 died 1 erected 1 bus 1 customs 1 cheaper 1 tricky 1 black - hearted 1 dentist 1 crowd 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 palm 1 rammed 1 cinder 1 flying 1 passing 1 shoulders 1 slept 1 discharges 1 2013 1 carcass 1 middle 1 fishhook 1 chewed 1 peirce 1 launched 1 indulged 1 adams 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flex 1 handed 1 eloquently 1 dutiful 1 liquor 1 high - tension 1 halfway 1 hitting 1 ahead 1 blacktop 1 relegated 1 adored 1 music 1 location 1 lumbers 1 carefully 1 engine 1 label 1 deserved 1 needs 1 focus 1 scratch 1 token 1 disfigured 1 discard 1 buttress 1 splinters 1 withdraws 1 lesbian 1 peculiar 1 discuss 1 deliver 1 gauzy 1 steady 1 fifteen - minute 1 necessarily 1 gnaw 1 rings 1 laughing 1 blows 1 forges 1 basilisk 1 disregard 1 braided 1 careen 1 drinks 1 venezuela 1 france 1 pursuit 1 disappeared 1 collects 1 scattering 1 bronze 1 brave 1 buttons 1 dwindles 1 ant 1 honest - to - betsy 1 ladies ' 1 buzzing 1 bat 1 award 1 ties 1 kato 1 bloodhound 1 consider 1 banana 1 noose 1 knuckle - whiteners 1 jabbing 1 stockings 1 funicello 1 funny 1 pursued 1 design 1 drawled 1 worried 1 maneuver 1 numerals 1 synaptic 1 picket 1 locks 1 digging 1 et 1 pulses 1 blurred 1 united 1 imperatives 1 parents 1 catches 1 chemicals 1 murdered 1 friendly 1 toilet 1 flea 1 monument 1 petrified 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 vein 1 g 1 diesel 1 fueled 1 entered 1 stir 1 hung 1 harangues 1 enters 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 boxed 1 stabbed 1 besides 1 bleach - blond 1 loved 1 hollowed 1 cluttering 1 curve 1 commercial 1 smug 1 muttering 1 disciple 1 worse 1 cinematic 1 respirator 1 snake - oil 1 broken 1 enamel 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sways 1 machinations 1 esoteric 1 holes 1 warmth 1 conclaves 1 news 1 so - called 1 worth 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 snuck 1 slippery 1 hubs 1 do - overs 1 lapd - o 1 fairy - tale 1 doughnuts 1 collided 1 dragging 1 divided 1 crystal - studded 1 frustration 1 sank 1 forefinger 1 lumped 1 yates 1 oblique 1 hospital 1 ce 1 marker 1 early 1 customary 1 maniacal 1 38 1 chloroformed 1 widower 1 smashes 1 plato 1 rumpled 1 addiction 1 backroom 1 criticized 1 swilled 1 throng 1 smooth 1 figure 1 walkin ' 1 ten - gallon 1 being 1 gibberish 1 priest 1 lanky 1 twist 1 planes 1 morgana 1 casinos 1 gravel 1 hers 1 brownstones 1 pleasure 1 gamut 1 porn 1 glances 1 sympathetic 1 bracing 1 candle 1 blinks 1 abducted 1 crying 1 holds 1 veins 1 boa 1 cutbacks 1 snoozing 1 regard 1 corridor 1 glare 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 drawings 1 barges 1 cowboy 1 hobby 1 swimmer 1 crimson 1 fruiting 1 leaking 1 managed 1 stewing 1 off - brand 1 softball 1 margins 1 proved 1 swaggered 1 whittlin ' 1 nurse 1 heels 1 clumps 1 oxygen 1 slowly 1 financed 1 king 1 cease 1 hefty 1 not - guilty 1 carried 1 jitters 1 capitol 1 nightcap 1 sweater 1 distribution 1 spike 1 stranger 1 folded 1 christ 's 1 coat 1 thunderheads 1 mess 1 supernova 1 coach 1 migrant 1 grainy 1 journalists 1 tubes 1 connections 1 pay 1 galleries 1 igloo 1 receive 1 slammed 1 toast 1 fund 1 wipes 1 cut 1 champ 1 clattering 1 flatness 1 realized 1 basically 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 demonic 1 lake 1 chasm 1 packed 1 meaning 1 largesse 1 gentle 1 leaguer 1 rolling 1 evaporated 1 longs 1 pussyfooting 1 obscurity 1 musty 1 martyr 1 hundred - car 1 shape 1 played 1 evil 1 falling 1 dictator 1 talent 1 north 1 1983 - 84 1 violins 1 negatives 1 attic 1 gaps 1 ward 1 maintain 1 afraid 1 abyss 1 kitten 1 housewives 1 gee 1 handsome 1 cooling 1 twice 1 vacuum 1 jewelry 1 counterpunching 1 flies 1 madcap 1 midnight 1 ricardo 1 radio - clock 1 closed 1 mouthful 1 dvd 1 globe 1 filled 1 international 1 o 1 owner - operator 1 dying 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 cannibal 1 usurp 1 priceless 1 burnt 1 police - drama 1 suddenly 1 apart 1 watches 1 curse 1 glorious 1 domain 1 filmed 1 congratulates 1 judith 1 corners 1 math 1 limousine 1 boom 1 watering 1 datsun 1 michelangelo 1 proving 1 anguish 1 ordained 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 squeak 1 grant 1 ample 1 utilities 1 use 1 theme 1 shallow 1 icebergs 1 white - gold 1 retrospective 1 tirelessly 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 panels 1 secretarial 1 dried 1 mentioned 1 rj 1 surfboard 1 back - page 1 bill 1 you 'd 1 facility 1 march 1 tumbler 1 anniversary 1 vindication 1 fellow 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 agate 1 hair 's 1 fool 1 taps 1 spaghetti 1 searching 1 belly 1 owns 1 sunlight 1 stick 1 profanities 1 ancients 1 surveillance 1 pebbled 1 hoarse 1 curls 1 suburban 1 stranger 's 1 wags 1 softly 1 magical 1 hemorrhaging 1 taste 1 ivy 1 trembles 1 planet 1 jury 1 greasy 1 70 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 embalming 1 trying 1 lay 1 entrance 1 placing 1 major 1 comprised 1 shindigs 1 forget 1 bastard 1 disembodied 1 play 1 oakland 1 particles 1 noise 1 infamous 1 learned 1 incongruity 1 auntie 1 mighty 1 rags 1 resurrects 1 widened 1 smoky 1 vessels 1 beforehand 1 board 1 moans 1 choked 1 lights 1 breast 1 guts 1 grasp 1 activity 1 oozing 1 birds 1 gropes 1 cookie 1 provocative 1 marvin 1 warped 1 flesh 1 flooded 1 bermuda 1 note 1 memos 1 rumors 1 market 1 fight 1 western 1 curl 1 eons 1 mitts 1 south 1 sorting 1 rendezvous 1 front 1 certain 1 barrel 1 asking 1 professional 1 geography 1 12 1 directly 1 china 1 fractal 1 rival 1 jagged 1 technicality 1 keens 1 government 1 occasionally 1 swiped 1 somethin ' 1 wholesome 1 promised 1 larry 1 stink 1 cement 1 river 1 bar 1 heads 1 pronounce 1 interest 1 reaches 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 sensibilities 1 cosmopolitan 1 conniver 1 men 1 greek 's 1 quantum 1 sags 1 forensics 1 hip 1 ghouls 1 drenched 1 patty 1 tapped 1 maintenance 1 loaned 1 suspicions 1 shell 1 squalid 1 rocketing 1 fiction 1 bulky 1 curled 1 assail 1 rage 1 grief 1 crater 1 lonesome 1 euphoria 1 pointing 1 sports 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 girders 1 disc 1 yelm 1 clamps 1 earth 1 bizarrely 1 tinsel 1 graphic 1 process 1 collecting 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 eyeballs 1 decipher 1 functionally 1 indictment 1 knowing 1 rotted 1 threw 1 business 1 strong - arm 1 tears 1 shines 1 good - natured 1 pads 1 bitter - sweet 1 hounds 1 wondered 1 lance 1 cameraman 1 exotic 1 bend 1 ceti 1 cortez 1 whereabouts 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 gurney 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 support 1 add 1 wrapped 1 salesman 1 inertia 1 crawls 1 created 1 bureau 1 colossus 1 happens 1 preceding 1 hoax 1 mostly 1 hollows 1 wife 's 1 negative 1 historic 1 hate 1 goddamn 1 constrictor 1 romance 1 designers 1 multiple 1 shaped 1 rental 1 clue 1 fixing 1 tick 1 lady 1 painted 1 marry 1 ticket 1 i-5 1 claws 1 dims 1 comment 1 filed 1 jar 1 humble 1 aftershave 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 micromoment 1 portfolio 1 open 1 mannequin 1 artistes 1 beg 1 interlaced 1 trusty 1 jumpsuit 1 part 's 1 plow 1 snopes 1 dog 1 splash 1 severed 1 jacked 1 bundle 1 clipper 1 disappear 1 shared 1 crossbar 1 kabbalists 1 muted 1 arrive 1 slope 1 pack 1 cicadas 1 connection 1 tapes 1 anyone 's 1 kaleidoscope 1 furtive 1 tat 1 lip 1 mesmerized 1 coordinates 1 rational 1 beast 1 shorn 1 arranged 1 sour 1 cycle 1 pity 1 jenna 1 hatefully 1 repository 1 materializes 1 bag 1 directions 1 impoverishment 1 windbreakers 1 kicking 1 promotional 1 lifting 1 deluxe 1 main 1 nerves 1 scrap 1 doodles 1 interior 1 feat 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 autopilot 1 sorrow 1 excellent 1 crumbling 1 opening 1 martin 1 palace 1 knickknacks 1 annie 1 month 1 simpson 1 float 1 orbit 1 closing 1 exuded 1 oak 1 demolition 1 static 1 tang 1 appears 1 national 1 taller 1 stand 1 incandesces 1 pushed 1 legion 1 ovaries 1 doin ' 1 beginning 1 shuddered 1 prompting 1 italian 1 husbands 1 scythes 1 study 1 arm 1 fundamental 1 family 1 characterize 1 california 1 rabbits 1 proper 1 sends 1 devotion 1 serried 1 midwest 1 bitch 1 halcyon 1 organized 1 safely 1 facing 1 gills 1 slip 1 lean 1 dreamscape 1 grieving 1 gastrointestinal 1 prove 1 fearless 1 bungalow 1 dead 1 curdles 1 together 1 ledger 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 hood 1 photo 1 greys ' 1 closet 1 overhand 1 compressed 1 assumes 1 humdrum 1 speeches 1 untouched 1 east 1 pauses 1 continent 1 security 1 unmistakably 1 purple 1 struggles 1 stared 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 cactus 1 adjusts 1 station 1 linen 1 wrecking 1 arrives 1 investigators 1 ridgeway 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 muses 1 saloon 1 understood 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 old - school 1 bestseller 1 moss - encrusted 1 esperanto 1 thick 1 starving 1 evident 1 remnants 1 random 1 tanks 1 run 1 wedge 1 precedent 1 answer 1 jackpot 1 rearview 1 treasures 1 disposable 1 badges 1 triangle 1 distend 1 sledgehammer 1 exhalations 1 fucking 1 vine 1 availed 1 frame 1 hog 1 remains 1 decent 1 grab 1 scrapes 1 lazy 1 variations 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 built 1 luxury 1 v 1 worries 1 memory 1 gathered 1 accepting 1 bones 1 catalyst 1 spine 1 unrestrained 1 credit 1 brawls 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 emails 1 congress 1 unlocked 1 threats 1 elements 1 accusations 1 observing 1 seems 1 perfume 1 clank 1 several 1 laughs 1 indulge 1 aware 1 stops 1 leagues 1 flinch 1 raveled 1 receded 1 wallop 1 wishes 1 corporate 1 record 1 sing 1 krakatoa 1 bloodstain 1 resemblance 1 designer - model 1 prolonged 1 apples 1 plush 1 mile 1 reel 1 border 1 talked 1 america 1 sweats 1 bound 1 shackles 1 counts 1 mature 1 foams 1 circumference 1 lock 1 tau 1 miles 1 images 1 iceboxes 1 shrill 1 sprung 1 whether 1 forever 1 possess 1 coordinate 1 neon 1 devil 's 1 feeling 1 dogged 1 thanks 1 grave 1 stutter 1 shakes 1 count 1 pillow 1 decolonized 1 deny 1 dumb 1 parks 1 gr 1 consternation 1 cruises 1 backed 1 unfortunate 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 sleepy 1 sagged 1 founders 1 bankers 1 towel 1 melancholy 1 rushes 1 joe 1 molted 1 finished 1 ripping 1 half 1 interrogations 1 straws 1 searched 1 appearances 1 nodding 1 doubt 1 dominic 1 panic 1 assault 1 hidden 1 testing 1 crowley 1 why 'd 1 hinterlands 1 double 1 squeeze 1 glamorous 1 hardly 1 slops 1 outer 1 handiwork 1 rottweiler 1 drowned 1 rooms 1 franchise 1 chums 1 kid 1 spokesperson 1 hives 1 scrambles 1 net 1 caressed 1 superb 1 environmental 1 shadow 1 prison - interview 1 attrition 1 considered 1 soap 1 climbin ' 1 stride 1 worst 1 rutted 1 witness 1 fierceness 1 cubes 1 glaze 1 pears 1 plummet 1 bleached 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 reasons 1 possession 1 private 1 slob 1 title 1 heel 1 rule 1 yarn 1 wind 1 cover 1 nger 1 slipping 1 covering 1 seagulls 1 magnet 1 warning 1 tonic 1 arrest 1 network 1 wrist 1 accounted 1 theories 1 doppelg 1 deserve 1 upcoming 1 tore 1 blinking 1 kindness 1 three - day 1 cruiser 's 1 spliced 1 clever 1 erupts 1 signed 1 became 1 popular 1 numbers 1 hey 1 theater 1 strip 1 overhead 1 miniature 1 shipment 1 handle 1 eh 1 coroner 's 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 87 1 coincidence 1 blurry 1 closes 1 inescapable 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 brood 1 sunday 's 1 hassle 1 bowed 1 drift 1 converted 1 pd 1 de 1 bomb 1 handsets 1 waxed 1 billion 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 blackouts 1 prerecorded 1 doctor 's 1 sat 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 collected 1 suffocated 1 toes 1 ski 1 premiere 1 elongated 1 savagely 1 archipelago 1 settles 1 hangs 1 often 1 intensity 1 cambridge 1 replacement 1 distracted 1 arose 1 ya 1 squashed 1 timeframe 1 chirr 1 treading 1 liverpool 1 francisco 1 summer 1 robots 1 xx-201957 1 whiskey 1 rich 1 fuses 1 prison 1 scary 1 explanation 1 7 1 loose 1 others 1 millstone 1 sent 1 sneaky 1 sinews 1 misdemeanor 1 shade 1 eaten 1 busload 1 alarm 1 fragile 1 clutches 1 decameron 1 builds 1 den 1 no - talent 1 expressed 1 saboteurs 1 given 1 aged 1 lotta 1 whimpering 1 gong 1 denied 1 nictitates 1 coward 1 pantry 1 ad 1 article 1 slot 1 link 1 wham 1 chat 1 lives 1 peer 1 territory 1 weeds 1 speaks 1 dealers 1 mammoth 1 asserted 1 macabre 1 donate 1 insignificant 1 savage 1 memorized 1 catching 1 patronizing 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 plausible 1 pathologists 1 visited 1 piles 1 motive 1 offer 1 pulls 1 dramatic 1 lava 1 haggard 1 tuesday 1 occult 1 rounds 1 flower - print 1 pie 1 bawling 1 thirty - six 1 mood 1 metaphorically 1 draped 1 pattern 1 fully 1 phantasmagoria 1 taking 1 well - pleased 1 cynic 1 agents 1 prefers 1 computers 1 needle 1 sonofagun 1 style 1 humdingers 1 signal 1 hooch 1 mason 's 1 farthest 1 neckties 1 twenty - or 1 herbal 1 television 1 rugby 1 afterimages 1 pulled 1 admitted 1 gods 1 lambada 1 crocodile 1 hears 1 chewing 1 fabled 1 mc 1 deformed 1 himself 1 indelible 1 properties 1 machines 1 county 1 scanning 1 rap 1 hitched 1 bullets 1 alive 1 pays 1 polychromatic 1 latent 1 tongue 1 quote 1 exclusive 1 paraplegia 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pours 1 face - saving 1 wither 1 guzzling 1 select 1 store 1 trip 1 silhouettes 1 pills 1 heap 1 native 1 douglas 1 machinery 1 statue 1 diapers 1 walking 1 attended 1 bank 1 bored 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 axe 1 slap 1 friend 1 youth 1 threshing 1 hums 1 pioneer 1 bull 1 wasted 1 seals 1 logjam 1 blew 1 knees 1 tit 1 they ' ve 1 frequency 1 shy 1 mar 1 doom 1 hamlet 1 lunches 1 dj 's 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 drowning 1 confirm 1 oils 1 empty 1 eco - terrorists 1 terminally 1 mother 1 hit - and - run 1 concentrate 1 exaggerated 1 retiree 1 evergreen 1 rifle 1 leftover 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 quiver 1 swinging 1 eyeliner 1 disqualified 1 vent 1 cramps 1 hits 1 etched 1 grabs 1 sneak 1 lab 1 swallowed 1 worm 1 seagull 1 bee 's 1 beef 1 stark 1 acclaimed 1 resembles 1 quickly 1 snake - skin 1 desire 1 trailing 1 festival 1 fruit 1 could n't 1 gloom 1 stamping 1 solid 1 finds 1 apron 1 are n't 1 culprit 1 tourist 1 darkens 1 newspaper 1 courtroom 1 causes 1 stashed 1 floating 1 dime 1 sold 1 shuts 1 suv 1 smithsonian 1 hang - ups 1 confiscated 1 spill 1 hydraulics 1 immense 1 wing 1 objects 1 palermo 1 unknown 1 machine 1 neglected 1 actresses 1 detractors 1 liver 1 williams 1 trap 1 scribbling 1 obeyed 1 twin 1 extortion 1 pull 1 divide 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 fidget 1 instead 1 sort 1 should n't 1 sauce 1 drank 1 florid 1 accomplish 1 illiterate 1 creased 1 bigger 1 maples 1 tu 1 vice 1 charisma 1 insubstantial 1 warns 1 balloonlike 1 intelligencer 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 divorce 1 clear 1 distends 1 schneider 's 1 nucleus 1 riptide 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 cigarette 1 feminine 1 knives 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 volunteers 1 strapped 1 otero 1 off - kilter 1 try 1 polish 1 pause 1 wayne 1 killed 1 enemy 1 paint 1 snap 1 paraffin 1 despise 1 wore 1 150 1 sunday 1 champagne 1 photographs 1 contacted 1 sandals 1 present 1 republic 1 fanfare 1 fog 1 headed 1 cashing 1 blockbuster 1 dome 1 creases 1 weather 1 comrades 1 unseasonably 1 swapped 1 common 1 stalked 1 precautions 1 driving 1 chord 1 tried 1 supposed 1 smelly 1 tells 1 walked 1 correct 1 noticed 1 alamogordo 1 lovely 1 flexible 1 five 1 utter 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 ja - ack 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 hornet 1 cathedral 1 club 1 jelly 1 list 1 multiplying 1 accident 1 tics 1 stage 1 massive 1 core 1 supper 1 angstrom 1 torpedoing 1 invisible 1 shrivel 1 bops 1 tunnel 1 confront 1 slowdown 1 spines 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 vocal 1 opens 1 designs 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 oprah 1 translucent 1 gold 1 shutter 1 dirge 1 poster 1 chance 1 majority 1 tube 1 aneurysm 1 involvement 1 raises 1 investigation 1 traces 1 correction 1 loyal 1 require 1 strikes 1 flamboyant 1 ride 1 rattling 1 volkswagen 1 montalb 1 starting 1 abusive 1 assholes 1 dairy 1 fata 1 genius 1 hang 1 gangstas 1 brought 1 orgies 1 mark 1 leaped 1 listen 1 foundation 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 shake 1 detonation 1 drop 1 ridge 1 underground 1 invention 1 couple 's 1 circumstantial 1 shudders 1 services 1 reduced 1 ghosts 1 soul 1 community 1 deed 1 flair 1 motels 1 anne 1 flowerbox 922 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
a fierce grab assailed mars arm , and she turned to see the rotund figure of mrs . macdonald tutting over the situation , her lipstick a sickly , day - glo shade of orange .
i know what terracotta is , its orange , and i hate orange .
granted , the large orange and red slogan shed fashioned out of military styled lettering had a distinctively cold war ussr slant ( comrades for the future !
paul wrung his hands and then picked up a tiny ceramic bird , his fingers wiping away imaginary dust from its orange beak .
at certain times of day , the nuclear bomb painted in the corner turned different shades of orange and red .
mars noted bonnie had put on a highly vile shade of orange on her lips , a hue that would make a pumpkin envious .
in fact , the only thing spoiling the bruised orange pre - twilight sky was a pair of long white contrails , stretching from the other side of the tree - lined hills on the west side of the island to the snow - capped mount rainier on the eastern horizon .
leaning out to look past him , i saw elsies diminutive figure clad in day - glo orange moving about inside the boat .
i shall never forget the last glimpse which i had of the inn yard and its crowd of picturesque figures , all crossing themselves , as they stood round the wide archway , with its background of rich foliage of oleander and orange trees in green tubs clustered in the centre of the yard .
the interior is painted in warm oranges and yellows .
if the blend of tea contains orange pekoe , the dark liquid soon turns to a bright orange when allowed to cool .
they walked out into the bright , blaring sun , frying their dark - adjusted eyes into blindness for a few prolonged seconds before they gained back vision and headed for willy 's back - then 2011 orange lamborghini .
there is something i wanted , alexis says meekly as she turns away and looks to the sun that hands low in the late afternoon sky and paints the clouds around it a soft jacinthe orange .
bright yellows , oranges , and floral designs were expected in normal home .
the sun glowed a deep orange over the water .
the rim of the sky blazed orange , but the dome was darkening .
i held it for longer , and its centre darkened to a sunset orange .
the beads of rice inside were stained saffron orange .
a single shopa 24/7 convenience store with a fluorescent orange signshone on the dark row .
it was just a spot near the doorway , shining first highlighter - yellow then turning to a dark , rotten orange .
a tiny wisp of a woman was suddenly standing next to him wearing a bright orange and white baby - doll .
flecks of dust seeping into oranges .
a man with a shaved head , startling blue eyes and a poxy face ; wearing orange coveralls and blue elastic - sided slippers ; paced up and down the length of the cell , glaring at bru and the kid .
you look good in orange , his mom whispered .
ben looked around at all the green , all the life of this place , all the beauty of this place and once again hoped that when he walked down the little embankment that led to the lake , the green - or the orange or the yellow or the blue or the whiteso many beautiful colors in this place as the seasons went round - would nt be spoiled by that damned red .
a beautiful lake that glows with the seasons , green in spring and summer , gold , orange and red in fall - our season to be sure - and white in winter .
her self - portrait was a small blue circle , about the size of a medium orange .
soon the sun would set , filling the horizon with beautiful hues of orange and purple as it gave way to the night .
the sun , well below the horizon by now , set behind dorm thirteen usually giving it an orange glow in the early evening and an angelic brightness in the morning .
the sun was below the horizon and a faint orange glow still hung near it .
she looked down , and there she saw the little orange gnome looking back up at her , the plastic now gone and his smile now real .
marguerite handed the orange one over in exchange ; she had no need for it .
adelia started walking back toward the glade of blue and white flowers , clutching her orange - hatted gnome .
monday we finally said goodbye to haida gwaii just as the sun was setting on the pacific ; darrel slowed us down to watch the orange and purple against the twin tree - wrapped crags of cape st . james .
its orange rays enough to char her flesh without a constant halo of power to protect her .
the boy had crooked eyebrows colored orange like his short cropped hair .
her plump cheeks speckled with tiny drops of orange .
for as far as alec could see there was a landscape of green sparsely decorated with leaves of orange and gold .
the sunlight had turned burning orange and lanced in at eye level .
my orange handled kitchen scissors were in an upstairs drawer , easy to fetch .
the same orange handled scissors that i had used on muttonbirds clothes so long ago .
my own fingers , my ten wonderful strong uncut fingers , shifted until i held the scissors clenched by one orange handle and a blade .
laura sat on the steps of entry ; sportingly dressed up with a shirt to shades orange and blue , a skirt in jeans as soon as above the knee and white tennis shoes to the feet .
she stared at stephens plate , which was loaded with fried pork covered in a fiery orange glaze and mixed with rice .
on the walls , hung colourful and rustic moroccan tapestries dyed with burnt oranges and reds .
then with a smile on her flawless ruby red lips , she turned on air and vanished into the unhallowed surrounding vapour , leaving him standing alone with the blazing orange infusion of the pyre still burning in his sight .
then i could see crackling flashes of orange and red .
but the sandits a brilliant orange , almost as if the sun were reflecting off it on a blazing summer day .
the surrounding woods were bleak : the scarlets and the orange - reds had faded to a dull copper , and the shimmering yellows of the aspen trees were spectral in the slanting light .
but something down there blocked the road and concealed the fenced - in meadows : it bulged on the valley floor like a solid patch of cloud , and it shone with a deep orange hue like a warning flare .
she would have expected that deep orange hue in sunset clouds far overhead , but never on the ground like this , and never in a deep valley hidden from the sun .
to the right , northward , she had a clear view of the sky , and for the first time she noticed two similar clouds high above the rounded hills : equally defined , equally striking in their deep orange colour .
yet far beyond the concealed house , on what should have been the horizon , a flickering in the powdery grey suggested a last orange beam of sunset , half seen beyond the racing clouds .
as they lifted the stretcher and turned thom towards the helicopter that had landed in a field by the road , he noticed a pale orange emergency blanket about 60 yards from the car , in the grass off to the side and about 5 feet from a tree .
his hand came back from the drain of the tub with a small orange pill bottle .
an orange glow shimmered from behind him , reflecting off the back of his neck and red hair .
for all josh knew the demon spoke some ancient dialect .. an orange glow shone from behind him illuminating the area .
an orange glow shimmering behind him reflected off the back of his neck and red hair .
a scent of decay flowed between his lips from his graveyard of a throat and an indescribable orange gunk layered his teeth .
the big lights emitted a queasy mix of orange and red , the shade of blood mixed with vomit , powerful and relentlessly beaming into our eyes .
above the tinny whistle i heard a faraway explosion , a big bang in the sky that turned everything a shade of burnt orange .
behind it , the orange remnant of harbos sent the towers shadow across the land , chasing the travelers .
all around him , there were shining oranges and yellows with hits of red blowing in the light breeze .
chickens danced about in the orange hue of morning , people moved , but not slowly .
i slide over to sit on one of the ugly orange benches so i can stare at a vending machine as i contemplate my next move , but then i catch movement behind it .
she waved her hand up and down the short , strapless , neon orange outfit .
the hangers squealed against the metal rungs as he sorted through various shirts , settling on a bright orange number that had brilliant large flowers and a sandy beach printed on its surface .
he d already taken a good twenty years from this man , his once red hair , now a dull , lusterless orange .
the leaves on the trees were starting to change color , bits of orange and yellow in the green .
when we returned to the house and stepped in the blue velveteen room , roland asked from the soft orange and silver divan , ` ` so how did it go , boss man ? ''
then , i realized , the orange was changing again .
i saw a room filled with thousands of butterflies with shimmering blue and amber wings , small yellow ones , and brilliant orange .
they now gleamed with an incredible crimson orange , and shimmered with tiny gold hearts .
it trapped the brown green color of the grass along with some remaining orange and red leaves .
i watched , as the orange glow of the rising sun slowly crept across the sky .
that led to a patch of orange , and a patch of blue .
within seconds , an orange glow lit his way from behind and when he looked back he could see that the inn was fully engulfed in flame .
a cold dull light spilled through several frosty windows of each building , a wispy shade of orange as thrown from weak oil lanterns and dim candles .
from behind the translucent panes , a bright orange glow promised both warmth and untold knowledge , perhaps the very meaning of life , or in this case , death .
( 74 ) in an instant the world was overcome by a vibrant explosion of bright orange sparks .
it glinted orange in the light of some of the fires outside .
the clouds opposite the sun were painted a rosy pink and the sun , low on the horizon , enflamed the sky in a bright orange .
its haunting glow accented the burnt orange and brown cornstalks knifing upward , looking like the devils claws erupting from the blackened indiana dirt .
she surveyed the area with distant eyes and through the hot orange haze of rising flames she saw the beast atop of the hood of the chevelle , crouched down over rons gutted stomach .
but there was no one around , just an empty parking lot lit by a dull orange streetlight .
the dull orange glow of the city streetlights began fading away as she drove further out of town and into cornville .
she also wondered if her mother was looking down on her from above , in the sky of good and evil and its strange mix of orange and grey .
at the base of the valley , where several downhill slopes converged was a large pool , fed by a rushing waterfall that seemed to just appear from a rocky overhang at the base of one of the hills that surrounded them , its clear water reflecting the green of the trees and the pale orange of the early evening sky that could be seen from the gap in the foliage above them .
the night finally fell in earnest , and the darkness and noise from the forest surrounded them , closing in , seemingly at war with the glowing orange of the fire , a constant game of attack and counter offensive .
night was beginning to fall , and the orange glow of of the sodium lights as they switched on with a click was reassuring to gibbons .
gibbons played it over and over in his mind , remembering every little detail of the event , down to the shade of sunset that made the left side of the mans shining bald head and odd , almost elfin ears glow a fiery orange .
you can work for the county for a while in an orange jumpsuit , and well garnish your wages .
by night the horizon was illuminated by constant false dawn as the orange glow of burning britain lit the sky and filled our nostrils with the scents of destruction from dawn to dawn and dusk to dusk .
the dagger was nearby and the outline of the snake glowed on the handle with the orange of an inner fire .
everything from muscle - bound gladiators glaring and gesturing at thinly - dressed damsels on horses , to demonic skulls pouring gouts of brightly - tinted blood and other foulness ; crosses outlined in brilliant orange and gold , suspicious tapered cigarettes , and omens of destruction ; a montage fashioned by the fancy of illicit drugs , alcohol , and the occasional cartoon genius .
the brilliant pinkish - red that dissipated into scattered hues of yellow and broken orange appeared to hold his attention as he looked back toward the horizon , but in reality he only saw the empty runway , the grass freshly clipped and delineated between the border land of gently swaying trees , goaded on by the gulf breeze .
and the nights that had followed were still clear to him in shades of orange and red .
it was painted in warm shades of orange and rust , and the cabinets were inlaid with glass panes to showcase all of grannys beautiful dishes .
a fire crackled and popped in one corner , bathing the room in its soft orange glow .
shed never taken to wearing watches and knew absolutely nothing about telling time from the sun , but when she looked at it now it was a mere smudge of orange sinking past the treetops .
it had receded to a ribbon slash of orange along the ragged tree top horizon and would be gone for good soon .
back behind the houses on this side an orange glow flickered in the night sky .
its in russian but the bold colors and strong , bright orange and red fonts give the purpose away .
but this was not what elicited the response from bryan , it was the nightmarish orange glow of flames behind the mountains that illuminated the dark clouds above and the plumes of smoke that rose in the distance .
he dragged three orange cylinders out of the corral .
instead of playing with my pals after school , i d race home to my trusty orange snow shovel .
hard wood furniture with padded pillows and blankets of every color sat before a fireplace with roasting logs a spec brighter than the orange of my shovel .
dragging his hazel - eyed gaze from the mesmerizing orange glow of the hearth fire wolfgang glared around .
the moon was high and shimmered a pale purple , the sun lay burnt orange on the horizon .
it is a dull yet lurid orange in some places , a sickly sulphur tint in others .
whatever it was , and i could n't tell from where i was standing , it was kind of orange in color and fairly large .
over the horizon , the top edge of the sun was still visible , an inverted bowl of orange and pink .
the screen flashed red , and the boxes appeared again , empty , but shaded a bright orange .
the last rays of the day flooded her room with a toasty orange glow that reminded her of a dying campfire .
it had been joined now by a single orange rose petal .
his skin glowed a bright orange , but the fire in his mouth was white hot .
tett the fire crackles and flames dance orange and yellow and red .
you can not precisely identify one color as officially being amber as it includes various shades of orange .
through the windows on the second level i noticed the faint beginnings of an orange glow .
his skin began to glow orange and the wood crates just lit up with fire and i could see in the cave clearly , but i did nt care about that .
the flashlights soon became secondary light as a growing orange glow emanated from the thing coming toward us .
both of them enjoying the show , the reds and oranges that were painted so expertly across the sky ever morning and evening .
the sky had taken on shades of orange and reds , the mountains shadowy beneath it .
the sun showered orange and red into the sky and the air was laced with coffee aromas from the neighborhood cafes .
chapter 14 the dim orange glow of the autumn sun woke me , but i did nt open my eyes .
his orange handcuffs were too tight and it bothered him .
it was as gray as mine was but with hints of orange and yellowish streaks at both temples .
a flash of orange and a flash of gold .
these purebloods themselves did n't shift into a normal orange and black tiger , but their victims did , usually .
he managed to raise his head enough that i could see his face , a strange mixture of lion and human , but the eyes were a deep rich gold with an edge of orange around the pupil .
her eyes were the orange and yellow of fire , even at this distance .
it spun around on the caught wing as savagely as a tetherball nearing the end of its rope , slammed into the redbrick building standing next to the bank , and disappeared in bright petals of red - orange fire .
its rays - silver now instead of that awful infected orange - illuminated a house that was either dark blue , green , or perhaps even gray ; without the streetlights to help , it was hard to tell for sure .
to the northwest , from where the distant groan had risen , a reddish orange glow had bloomed on the horizon .
then the flower was a river , red turning orange - white .
to the northwest the horizon was a brightening red - orange as kashwakamak hall shared its fire with the forest behind it .
dennis got his at quarter past twelve : three careful slices of white turkey breast , one careful ladleful of brown gravy , a scoop of instant mashed potatoes the exact size and shape of a baseball ( lacking only the red stitches , he thought with sour amusement ) , a like scoop of frozen squash that was an arrogant fluorescent orange , and a small plastic container of cranberry jelly .
he had walked a quarter of a mile from the 376 exit ramp in the deep single - number cold , his cleated heels clicking on the deserted sidewalk , his shadow waxing and waning under the eerie orange streetlamps , and had still perhaps a mile to go when he saw the car parked at the curb up ahead .
a large orange sign advised : closed winter months .
they came briefly into the clear and now the sun was a solid orange ball sitting above the horizon , washing the streets with a strange light that made all the pedestrians look as if they were about to burst into flame .
the light had changed ; from a clear orange it had gone to a thick , murky red that glared off the windows of the shops in norris road and seemed to face a church steeple across the way in clotted blood .
the wolf is running toward him , running on two legs , its shaggy pelt painted orange with moonfire , its eyes glaring green lamps , and in one paw - a paw with human fingers and claws where the nails should be - is brady 's vulture kite .
johnny saw that one sleeve of his new poncho - bright orange for safety in bad weather - was hanging out of it like a tongue .
` ` what 's gone on here makes agent orange look like sugar candy .
seventy - six miles west of vegas , i saw the first orange sign : construction ahead pass at your own risk .
watch as the bright oiled metal slid out of the dirty orange casing , pushing the bucket into the dirt .
i had taken away the arrow and the cones ; all that remained now was that big orange warning : road closed use detour .
the first flakes of snow came skating down out of the white sky just then , and as they did , jonesy saw a bright vertical line of orange below the deer 's head - it was as if the snow had somehow conjured it up .
beaver took off his jacket ( red ) and his vest ( orange , of course ) .
5 they sit in the sunny kitchen nook - the clouds have gone away as if by magic - drinking iced tea and watching duddits , who drank his zarex ( awful - looking orange stuff ) in three or four huge splattering gulps and then ran out back to play .
and then the thing 's head exploded , tore wide open , releasing a red - orange cloud of ether - smelling particles .
now coming up the road , rolling slowly and carefully but having an easier time than the bus , was a brand - new lincoln navigator with three orange - clad hunters inside , hefty boys all three , gawking at the helicopters and the double - timing soldiers in their green coveralls .
so much forest , so much wildlife , and not a few human beings - most of them at this time of year wearing orange .
was immediate , and the flames sprang up orange .
but there were men , a long skirmish line of hunters who were wearing green or black instead of orange , and they were listening to that song over and over again as they did their work , adding up the numbers of an incredible butcher 's bill : i rode a tank , held a general 's rank , when the blitzkrieg raged and the bodies stank ...
above his new orange parka , his skin is the color of old cheese .
he saw george udall throw his gun at two beefy young men in orange , then whirl and lunge at one of the windows .
the stuff in the middle was still bright red - orange , but around the edges it appeared to be turning an ashy white .
piled along its length were heaps of tangled bodies , most wearing hunter orange .
most were wearing orange , but their leader was a squat tugboat of a man wearing a regulation blue group coverall under his parka .
he walks unseen down the corridor , where it 's cold enough for him to see his breath puffing out in front of him , a boy in an orange coat he will soon outgrow .
henry is fourteen , as jonesy is ; henry is wearing an orange coat , as jonesy is .
the sun was gone , but there was still a brilliant orange band above the flat line of the gulf .
when i had the sunset band to what seemed like the right depth - it was dying fast now - i grabbed the orange and shaded more , and heavier .
v the following night i lined the sunset with bundles of witchgrass , and the brilliant orange shining through the green turned the horizon into a forest fire .
the orange was too bright , it made the boots look new when they were n't , but the idea was right .
now the track beating across the water was bitter orange , and that was what i was looking at .
now the orange would begin to creep in .
sunset was a yellow band that flicked feeble orange and went out .
here was the same cable , stretched taut between the bow and what might in elizabeth 's time have been called a marconi tower , creating a brilliant orange triangle .
the first three were a brilliant solid green that rarely if ever occurs in nature ; the fourth was blue ; the fifth was a faded orange that might once have been red .
the figure had been executed in orange , and one foot was raised behind it .
in the west , the last of the sunset is a sullen orange line that will soon be gone , but there is enough light for her to see adie at the edge of the water , and the man who is wading to greet her .
yes , and half an hour later either the big blue medcu van from norway or the big orange one marked castle country rescue would turn up and trundle her off to safety .
and , sitting at a long table on the far side of the rail which divides the room between the area set aside for the spectators and that which belongs to the combatants , is a skinny , impossibly tall figure clad in a bright - orange jailhouse overall .
she sits there and watches as the grinning creature in the orange overall raises its misshapen arms , still holding her with its muddy , red - rimmed gaze .
his short , thick hair was the traditional deep , almost - black red , his eyes like orange and yellow pinwheels of fire .
they were deep reddish orange with spirals of gold through them , which was actually more black tiger than white genetically .
its scaly talons were a dusky orange .
but twenty - five yards or so behind them , by the first of the abandoned houses which formed a kind of funeral cortege leading up to the trainyards , there was a bright flick of orange .
depending from each finger was a small orange pompom .
at the desk , carole danner handed him a small orange card with derry public library stamped across the top .
it was a low brick structure ; the bricks were old and crumbling in places , their dirty - orange hue shading to a sooty black at the building 's footings .
the freeze - pop was a fluorescent orange .
she certainly had no intention of letting eddie risk his life in such a dangerous contraption , not in derry , not in bangor , and certainly not in akron , which ( eddie had informed her ) would mean riding in an airplane as well as making a suicidal run down a steep hill in a wheeled orange crate with no brakes .
was it a man dressed in orange and silver ?
it dived at them like an obscene fighter - plane , its plated orange beak opening and closing to reveal the pink inner lining of its mouth , plush as a satin pillow in a coffin .
and stan uris , forced to approach , compelled to approach in spite of every instinct in his mind and body , saw that bill was staring up at it , his blue eyes fixed on its inhuman orange ones , eyes from which that awful corpse - light spilled .
the first thing he saw was a white - and - orange crash barrier .
the plow is a dim orange blob in the driving snow near the end of this day .
lots of the lake places still get used on the weekends , but the aggressive , boozy summer socializing is over by then and the hunters with their big guns and their expensive nonresident permits pinned to their orange caps have n't started to come into town yet .
something catches the kid 's eye a flash of bright orange in the blue - white glare thrown by the arc - sodiums which light the parking lot .
she regarded him gravely over her dinner in the old country inn , firelight flickering orange on one of her smooth cheeks and the left side of her brow .
the hooves of the black horse galloped on some invisible road in the sky , still striking off sparks of brilliant blue and orange .
the snowplow had gone by , orange lights winking and flashing in the night , throwing up a huge wall of snow in our way .
a road grader , bright orange , was lumbering by with chains on its oversize wheels , lashing at the road .
a few plows were out now , moving through the night like gigantic orange mastiffs with glaring yellow eyes .
his eyes were a brilliant orange , like staring into fire .
` ` you should smell like tiger , but only regular , orange .
it had a couch and a couple of chairs and was painted in a light and cheerful blue , with hints of a pinkish orange in the cushions and some of the knickknacks .
his eyes were brilliant orange , the color that fire can have , but fire does n't have veins of gold running through it .
three hundred pts orange juice .
color was materializing out of the white now , snow - clotted orange .
its small black eyes were rimmed with half - circles of blood - reflection from a bloated orange summer moon that had risen silently .
larry was drinking a warm hamm 's beer , leo a warm orange spot .
a few minutes later , tom spotted the bright orange sleeping bag that had been stu 's makeshift travois .
it looked like an orange buoy .
did it have a faint orange cast , like in those old medieval pictures ?
in moments it was only a dark shape speeding toward the low orange sun .
there were also small stacks of squashes and gourds and things that looked like pumpkins - but they were reddish instead of orange .
and his eyes were yellow - the eyes of this creature were a bright , impossible shade of orange .
eyes flared an even brighter orange , going for a moment to the day - glo shade favored by hunters and flagmen on road - repair jobs .
his eyes flared a bright orange and looked for a moment both savage and intelligent .
water sprayed everywhere and wolf lurched to his feet , eyes blazing orange , blue overalls now soaked black .
the magic window opened again and now wolf could see the fire - shifting oranges and reds .
his eyes , filled with liquid fire , blazed halloween orange .
wolf 's eyes ceased to drip fire , shaded toward orange .
his voice was low and mild , but his eyes suddenly narrowed , flared orange .
heck turned and saw wolf standing protectively over jack , his upper lip pulled back , the overhead lights sending weird orange glints off his round glasses .
wolf held him absently , his eyes wide and glowing a steady orange .
the terrible yellow grass was melting toward an almost mellow orange .
occasionally the sun flared through the granular murk like a dim orange fire .
above her pale body with its drooping breasts and mop of pubic hair , her face had been painted blazing orange .
for a moment she seemed to be a mirage , too hallucinatory to be real , this starved woman with her stick - out hair and face the same brilliant orange ; then she awkwardly bolted across the street and into one of the shops without a name .
to the thumping of rock music , wolf snapping his fingers while keeping the big car rolling smoothly , a bursting sky of orange and purple and blue , and saw that richard had somewhere acquired a book and was reading it with the aid of the el dorado 's recessed passenger light .
in the west , the sunset was a mellow valediction of reds and oranges fading to yellow ... and blue ... and royal purple .
and he kept seeing martha tellford , sighting down the barrel of her winchester , which had been one hell of a lot bigger than the .22 he kept in the locked storage shed of the summer place , aiming at the plump rats scurrying among the piles of refuse and the low orange dump - fires .
an orange glow .
' can that gadget see my orange ? '
from hard white to a weird orange that lay on the skin like paint .
the moon came up , an orange eye above the pines , and beat a bloody path across the swimming pool .
he went back outside and sat down again , drinking and watching as the moon rose higher in the sky , changing slowly from orange to mystic , silent silver .
his eyes were completely orange -- an orange that shifted and flickered .
she made a grab for it , but the wind danced it easily out of her reach and she saw it only for a moment , flipping gaily over and over into the darkening gray , a bright spot of orange .
only these fireworks were not red and white and coruscating orange ; they were all a dull and terrible green .
they knew about search parties , and most had been on them before ; they were common enough during hunting season , when the woods filled up with out - of - staters carrying their heavy - caliber weapons and wearing their new orange flannel duds from l. l. bean 's .
3 about a week after vic and roger 's depressing luncheon meeting at the yellow sub , drinking a screwdriver that was 25 percent bird 's eye frozen orange juice and 75 percent popov vodka .
' rat poison or agent orange ? '
the shadows move long and panicked in the orange flicker , and the statues cast phantasmagoric shadows across the frescoed walls - and the effect is of two different artforms in combat .
we endeavored to keep the ample sized , movable , sneeze proofed and heated food bar well - stocked with basic breakfast items : scrambled eggs , hash browns , sausage , bacon , gravy , big fluffy biscuits , silver dollar - sized hot cakes , along with syrup , fruit , orange juice , jelly , butter , and bran cereal for those who might need some help getting that heaping helping out the other end before their next visit .
they arrived at the sea , made a left and drove along the front where the homeless contemplated the radioactive orange of the setting sun from the park benches .
we had these terrible 1970s plastic orange sitting stools with circular white tops ( probably considered retro now ) that we used to arrange so that we could play blind date .
he reaches the first landing and catches a whiff of her perfume , a spicy orange scent that charges through him .
with a bright orange cashmere scarf loosely looped around his neck , he leans against the bark - stripped tree he used to climb as a kid .
may wears a new dress , a burnt orange one with the price tag still dangling from it .
argennon jumped to his feet , and grigor pulled out his broadsword , its flickering flames highlighting the features of his face in an orange glow .
the flames on top of each torch cast an orange glow that whipped at the shadows of the tree line .
there , inside the collar sylvester orange .
twenty seven : the four humours his fathers fathers father , mulligatawny orange , was wounded at ypres in 1916 having tripped over a german helmet and fallen into a bomb crater , impaling himself on a british bayonet the property of one sgt .
he buffed his glasses and headed for the reinforced door , the rain and orange lights beyond .
she was all tangled up in this orange rope and ...
he extended his finger slowly in the direction of one large individual in a bright orange jumpsuit .
oliver simms was in his bright orange slicker and glistening yellow hat .
along the roadway ahead a large orange sign towered above a small commercial building .
the young man in front of him sported an orange jumpsuit with larrys head logo on it .
from each one dangled a gaudy orange price tag .
she was wearing another tragically inappropriate outfit ; a matching top and skirt with a pattern that looked like curtains from the 70s , a flimsy orange and brown number .
the ceiling was covered with mini lights , the yellow orange tones and the mexican kitsch covering the walls creating a cozy vibe .
my roll put me on orange : sports & leisure .
she was wearing black leggings and a large bulky orange sweater , giving the impression she was performing in an elementary school halloween play .
she thrust her arm at me , showing off a clunky orange , turquoise and yellow , sparkly bracelet : possibly the ugliest thing i d ever seen .
at the base of the wall where their couch had been for three years ( they d sold it ) , the streaming cataract of destroyed adobe sand had formed a reddish orange pyramid exceeding the volume necessary to bury a small dog .
though it was somewhat light , and the glow of the sun still remained in the western sky , stacie and yadira used stacies flashlight to skim ahead to the bottom of a dark hedge where they discovered a furry tail , a dirty paw , and a humongous orange tabby , lolling stupidly on its back .
he then strode off and hid behind the tilt - a - whirl to watch me ride alone , a spark of orange from the tip of his cigarette was the only indication that he remained in the shadows .
he opened one eye and caught the morning sun wishing him awake with its soft orange glow .
the curtained front room was stacked wall to wall with computer hardware , consoles bleeping , screens flashing oscillating patterns of red and orange .
finally losing its balance , the bright orange orb crashed into the ocean , plip ... dissolving like a vitamin c tablet .
but when i d asked my mom to paint my room orange , she could nt have been more appalled if i d asked her to paint it with real blood .
33 on the porch of starboard , rob reclined in a plastic bucket chair he remembered as a sophisticated orange , but was now bleached beige from the uv rays .
on the other hand , a polar camel certainly was n't , and neither were a flying swordfish and an obese orange opossum , to name just a few .
his stomach turns indigo , his ribs black , though dax ( or jax ) spatters silver spots by flicking her brush over his prostrate form and jax ( or dax ) bathes his face in golden orange .
growls endive , adjusting his orange wig .
the sun is beginning to sink into the ocean , boiling away in a great orange ball .
each stall was a riot of colour : the vivid orange , yellow and green of fruit and vegetables , the pink and purple of t - shirts , baseball caps and socks , the black and brown of plastic sandals hanging from strings , the red and white of meat on slabs , the grey and blue of fish stuck in ice , and everywhere noise , overwhelming noise .
skin tinged with blood - orange , they exuded a sticky , sweet odor above and though which a swarming cloud of gnats and miniscule midges flew tiny , drunken circles of glee , and arden too found the syrupy bouquet irresistible .
and he could list the differences in hair - styles he had seen : hair and beards dyed orange from henna , a style inexplicably popular with older men who prefer ginger or yellow whiskers over those that remained elderly snow white ; buddhist monk novices and their bristled , shaven heads ; others with hair as fuzzy and unwashed as rusty old steel wool , rubbed and rolled into greasy , grubby dreadlocks ; hip hop crew crew cuts ; and a growing percentage of fashion - conscious young women whose hairstyles were sleek , long , straightening wand jobs from the corner beauty salon .
their eyes were vein - crossed red oranges and nothing needed to be said , as arden and sala chewed their food contentedly , and sipped their ice - cold beers in what they conveniently considered to be consuming alcohol in moderation .
she wore a white button - up shirt with a subtle orange and blue pinstripe and jeans .
across from the dogs he set a picture he d snapped of his ex - wife in her prison garb ; an orange jumpsuit boldly emblazoned with department of corrections .
he wore a neon orange , double breasted suit , custom tailored by dege and skinner in central londons savile row .
before that great orange eye beckoned at me , time seemed to have lost all meaning .
here , she said , handing him a cold beer in a plastic orange beaker .
the color scheme of the plane 's interior -- a bright orange contrasted against neon green -- did nothing to alleviate my disorientation and simmering temper .
faceless silhouettes sat in darkness along the walls , the orange glow of their burning cigarettes like signal beacons lining an airport runway at night .
` ` strange stuff coming from a man of orange , would n't you say ?
clockwork orange .
they were evenly matched , with a different kind of mess here the kitchen and the livingroom were only separated by a door , so the trail of dishes , orange juice cartons and old pizza debris spread continuously from one end of the house to the other ; where as in the big pink house there was an intervening set of steps and a hallway that remained largely clear , thus condensing the filth in two separate areas .
ken was in the downstairs storage room , looking among large orange tubs that were stacked against both walls .
they gathered around the table , ken pulled the large orange vegetable out of a paper bag on the floor and set it on the table .
beneath the heaters two elements there was a translucent orange and black plastic moulding that was supposed to suggest the flames of a coal fire when the internal light bulb was switched on and its rays flickered through the blades of a small fan .
chapter three clarity looked at the silhouette of the seven four seven that had brought them from cayman islands to the bahamas and to the lofty buddha air leasing company employee wearing an orange suit with a pink flamingo , the official bird of the bahamas .
oh , what a big car you have mr wolf ... . merlot was assured that the forest trek to work would be a piece of cake if he used toadstalkers sons old hand - me - down postmans bike , the one he had strapped to the back door of his top of the line luxurious bright orange 4x4 tank - like autobahn cruiser .
merlots mind threw up images of himself being a blindfolded guantanamo inmate , kneeling in an orange , one size for all jumpsuit at a razor wire fence , forced to wear prison logo and listen to torturous traffic bulletins non stop through oversized ear muffs .
the spindly twig - like extremities of beech tree swayed as if to music , reaching upward like crazed witches dancing some mystical sacrificial ceremony , whilst below the orange and yellow fallen leaves span , swirled and danced in the gentle evening breeze .
the oceanic pool of colour would now be a familiar background milieu to a gyration of flashing orange and twirling blue , as fire - engine and police lighting intermingled and flared out and span across the silvery snow covered ground .
did you know that no word in the english language rhymes with orange ?
a kid in an orange and yellow costumewith a cape !
the desert was rich hues of browns , reds , and oranges but nothing else .
i am sure i can smell aniseed dave cringed as the luminous orange drink fizzed down his throat and into his acidic stomach .
on a patch of lawn to their right sprawled a large untidy heap of tiles , glowing intense orange in the pale morning light .
there were deep oranges and reds with slashes and smears of lighter stone , mixed through the rock like the lines of a multi - layer cake .
the green plastic buddha next to the tiger seashells on the mantelpiece maintains its usual neutral expression , always something of a surprise when you consider the garish orange and lime patterned wallpaper on view .
each portrait has an accompanying sign coloured in bright orange with their name in large black letters .
annoyance level orange !
in the middle of the t - shirt , in bright orange and blue , it reads , kutter .
but i mean i live in a smallish brick house , okay , though i guess it was a custom home , but this thing gluey lived in was the kind of house a young air force guy would stay in all by himself listening to some dumb piece of music , or maybe something good like iron butterflys in a gadda da vida over and over again , and i picked that because we had that playing at our church confirmation dance , over and over and over , and this air force guy would be studying the album cover , and burning a fat orange candle that smelled like furniture wax .
orange or grape ?
abbys mother , ida , sat perched on an old wooden orange crate set on its end .
george found a second orange crate , turned it bottom side up and took a seat .
zach examined the orange trees as they slowly rode by .
its vertical cables were glowing bright orange , burnished by the sun rising across the bay directly over berkeley .
from roadless forest , unpeopled and still , to roaded , clearcut , orange - peopled , and echoing with the sounds of chainsaws , pickups , logging trucks , and now , four wheelers and snow machines .
how about orange plastic flagging for marking a trail through the trees ?
he did have a long , solid , yellow beak with a curved orange stripe toward the end .
to this day , the most vivid part of the memory was the hideous orange and red wallpaper in the kitchen .
the sky behind them had evolved into a collage of purples and oranges as the sun prepared to relinquish her role for the day .
he saw two women in his mind and he loved them like an orange rose and then like the bright blood of a wound ripped suddenly , red with a brighter red at the center , the abstract pattern of some designer who never intended to make sense .
two hiccupping , gordy descended the long metal escalator deep into the munich u - bahn subway , a legoland of oranges and blues , plastic and tile and concrete .
but first , gordy pulled a disguise from his daypack a battered orange and teal ski coat , a red - and - blue bayern munich stocking cap , and the large dark sunglasses .
in high school they had cruised the mall parking lot in vivs bmw dressed like clockwork orange hooligans , wearing eye makeup and suspenders .
tad was unleashing all the clockwork orange slang he could remember .
i woke up in my room alone again with orange stained fingers and a box as empty as my soul .
the only brand which they had in stock was sunlight oj , which has 50 % more real orange pulp .
it boasted a simple and cheerful dcor , varying shades of orange and chocolate .
the sky was a brilliant burnt orange as the sun began its descent behind the horizon .
a pickup truck with wide knobby tires was there , painted a burnt orange color .
the guy pointed over to the burnt orange colored pickup .
the two superkids -- one in orange and yellow , the other in orange and blue -- stood on opposite sides of the square , facing each other with their arms out to their sides and their legs spread apart -- this is where a western showdown theme song and a passing tumbleweed would come in handy .
the two superkids -- one in orange and yellow , the other in orange and blue -- stood on opposite sides of the square , facing each other with their arms out to their sides and their legs spread apart -- this is where a western showdown theme song and a passing tumbleweed would come in handy .
behind them , the sun was beginning to peak out and flood the night 's sky with a glowing , bright orange .
you remember your first blowjob from a girl who had braces , and it was in an orange tube slide in a park .
and alongside the road into town was a sign in hues of sun - bleached teal and orange announcing the lake itself and reading ` ` welcome to progress , future home of the worlds largest multi - arch dam ! ''
when otto asked what it was , white barked ` ` l'orange de monstre , '' or ` ` the monster orange . ''
the packet read : century plant : these iron - hard seeds sprout at their own schedule , waiting centuries if need be for the right conditions , suddenly thriving and producing vivid orange blossoms like the fire that consumes the phoenix , and disappearing just as quickly .
the only part of my wardrobe that i felt any control over whatsoever was my lucky orange underwear .
i walked through the parking lot staring at my feet when i noticed a tint of orange emerging from my crotch .
i had been climbing in the dark for some time , and as i approached the top of the mountain , i saw an orange glow .
a solitary street light shone from high above the dank , crumbling stone walls , casting downwards an anaemic orange glow that cast into perverted relief the myriad of mysterious forms on the wall facing her , but fell some way short of illuminating the freshly laid black tarmac .
will loved that illuminated cylinder surround , a pleasing orange glow guiding the key no matter how dark , or how tired and emotional one might be .
by the time a great , dark wooden roof hung above her head blocking out all natural light and completing the entombment , alice was basking in the glow of a roaring orange fire , marvelling at candles dancing enticingly out of reach in waxy nooks and crannies .
the muted orange landscape was a welcome sight and will slowed to just above the speed limit , aware of the potential police presence .
because i ca nt begin to know why space is blue instead of orange or purple or brown .
how i look in prison orange .
finn thought the end result looked like swirls of orange in dark chocolate .
the police upon arrival cordoned off , using their typical orange tape , a surprising large segment that encompassed the whole area behind the station and extending south to the parking lot some 20 meters distant .
at the sight of the horrific orange chemical though , the mutant plants retreated before the three of them could touch them .
a large frayed hole appeared just under the orange dot where his coat was tacked in place .
` ` what 's wrong with orange ?
i like orange . ''
sitting forlornly in a car park that had barely seen a vehicle since world war ii , chittingford dales major tourist attraction was about half - a - metre high , daubed in orange , and smothered with magpie droppings .
dean fell forward onto the center console and spilled a considerable amount of fake orange juice into the electronics .
that would be cold of you , as cold as frozen stalagmites of orange and vanilla impaling your nostrils .
the trees on the rolling hills changed from verdant green to melancholy shades of orange and brown .
she twisted the dial , and a small orange pyramid moved behind the amplitude numbers .
after i told the story of how nicky had banged his head against the blocked cat door , i said , ` ` did i ever tell you about the two orange tabbies i had when i lived in vancouver ? ''
it was rather pretty all burnt orange , cranberry red , and rich gold .
that star up there in cancer the bright orange one that s asellus australis .
oh yeh , its orange !
there is , however , a ten - foot - high fully - erupting plastic orange volcano flaring up fireplace - style special effects , including sparks .
it was the orange number five .
after having waved his arms wildly enough to practically fly , ` ` smith , '' alias ` ` jones , '' sighing oh no , that ca n't be right , collapsed into his favorite orange settee , holding the bread - and - butter blade carefully away from him so as not to harm himself .
the whole bar glowed womblike and invitingly , with softly flickering reds , oranges and gold .
proceeded before his majestie with trumpets and kettle drums from the hall to the church and entred with children of westminster s. singing vivat when king james entred the church , all clad in orange and purple robes and all those present shouted ` ` vivat jacobus rex angolorum '' .
chlorinated water spattered onto veda 's orange and crimson swimming cap .
veda felt a surge of disappointment as she watched the slender figure in the bright purple - and - orange trunks stretch over the horizontal board advertising new flavoured mintifresh gel to scoop up a fluffy white towel .
she stared down the garden , over the soft , long grass , past the bright , colourful dahlias and roses , oranges , pinks and yellows , past the shrubs and the bushes , through the cruel barbed wire her sister 's boyfriend had erected on top of the fence to deter would - be burglars to the shady copse beyond , with its pale green shadows and darting dragonflies and gently winding stream and old , gnarled , moss - smothered trees .
xxx room 42 had a nice view of the town square , an en - suite bathroom with jacuzzi , a comfortable - looking double bed with an orange and purple bedspread , a little desk with a telephone , a stack of welcome folders emblazoned with the jedburgh arms logo of a sheep and two crossed leeks and some newspapers .
the king is acclaimed by shouts of vivat vivat vivat rex the bishop of st david 's and the earl of jedburgh call on the people to witness the anointing of the crown prince with holy oil the anthem ` ` i was glad '' by henry purcell the crown prince swears his solemn vows and is crowned as king the national anthems are sung : mae hen wlad fy nhadau ( oh , land of my fathers ) god save the king ` ` the prince is dressed in a robe of pagan , anti - establishment orange and imperial , ecclesiastical purple and wrapped in the golden fleece and then the coronation vows are administered by the bishop and others .
about a minute later she emerged , still pulling the winter issue marmuck 's bright orange hooded sweatshirt over her beautiful body , blue apron in hand .
must be the wind , he thought , but then noted that between their leafless branches he could see a flash of blue , then a spot of orange .
dave called out , now brushing the snow from his own puffy orange coat .
as we went to take our seats , we saw a small orange cockroach was on the headrest waiting to welcome us to his ancestral home .
a man with a cigarette , the smoke frozen in the air around him and the burning tip a singular orange glow , stares back at her .
the floor undulated where the structure had been extended and the walls were three shades of dull orange .
she reached into her purse and handed me a pretty little business card , lavender on one side and pale sherbert orange on the other , very girlie .
but after some months then years of relative quiet on the domestic terrorism front ( except for that helpful spate of code orange alerts during the presidential campaign ) we sort of let our guard down .
christ , did nt your parents warn you about stranger danger , obviously not , i said whilst grabbing the orange tractor and giving it to him by way of compensation for any concern , i may have caused him .
i desperately tried to remember the last sunrise i had seen , so i could burn the beautiful hues of orange and pink into my memory .
i do n't think you 'd look so dapper in an orange jumpsuit .
a bright orange , flowered dress covered her body and an orange bow tied like a ribbon on a package , adorned her brown curly hair .
i think ill start with a touch of orange .
a bit crazier than the other departments shed worked in , her boss was a cat , a big orange cat named caroline , but she preferred to be called miss caroline .
the road began to be dotted on both sides with brilliant orange hieroglyphed signs depicting workers with shovels , some accompanied by arrows and other cryptic shapes .
he was doing just that , when he saw a lurid , evil flicker of orange off to his left up ahead .
i m guessing from the orange color that he over indulged in some sort of fake cheese snack .
the sky turns varying shades of orange and pink , and then finally , a dusky purple .
the scent of orange blossoms is carried away as the orange turns to the blue green , which smells like it looks .
hammers fell , striking orange sparks from blazing steel .
jerian 's fatigue washed the colour from his skin - but it was warm , the air moist , insects stirring in its embrace as the day nipped back the overlapping shades of plant fronds , green and brown here and there splashed with raw colour , red and blue , violet and orange blossoms , fruits , dangling petals like dogs ' exhausted tongues , the marsh an environment distinct within borders of fern and alder .
he walked across a naked expanse of rock , faults and crevices offering the only comfort to his eye , the sun to his rear , a yellow blot tainted red - orange , the wound like a pupil , his shadow divided before him , a lesser and a greater , although the two overlapped for most of their area , the result a hazy blur .
the paler light drenched him , crawled over his chest and thighs like the hot sweat of a dream , melded to a deep orange around the joint horizons of his limbs .
wondrous orange in her wakening , the mother of light cast her spell on the sky , illuminating clouds and prising loose the dreams of beasts and forests .
andrew looked out the window as the girl looked back to him momentarily as she walked down sidewalk which was stained a bright and brilliant orange in the morning sun .
the field glows a faint orange from the reflection of the city lights and the thick clouds overhead .
as i walk into a small clearing , surrounded by tall trees that are all in full fall color , many different shades of oranges , and browns , bright yellows , and fiery reds , i see a sign of life .
i hear a rustle a short ways away in the brush , a man dressed in a bright orange vest is holding a rifle .
the sun was low in the west and the clouds glorious japanese lanterns of purples , pinks and oranges as they strolled past the duck pond .
two pills , dull orange , which reminded him , as he took them , of the cat .
the bone yard spread out over a good three acresmost of it in the faded orange of the allis chalmers brand which rose upislands , skeletons , torsosout of the weeds .
for now , however , all he could see and seemingly think about was a baby doll tractor in bright orange : a real cream puff .
just then the female robin with a drabber shade of orange - red on her breast alighted on the lawn and began hopping , stopping every few paces to cock her head and listen .
audreys favourite colour : orange .
looking around to make sure no one saw us , i grew anxious out in the woods , the dark spreading but for the moon at the horizon , a great orange circle , and the stars peering through the canopy .
the whole landscape around us has been transformed over the past few weeks from green to deep , rich hues of gold and orange .
if you were to dig beneath one of the random gorse bushes , chopping at shallow roots and dispersing orange - yellow blossom , puzzled as to the origin and constitution of the increasingly plastic clays , dizzy with effort , you believed , and weary of the search , you would , if you were obdurate , come ultimately upon the brittle hardness of wax - shielded concrete .
pleased you could make it , she commented , an orange glow illuminating her face .
he crawled away from the opening , toward some jumping lights in the distance , those that faulted his isolation , red and white and yellow and orange illuminations which gave off strange odours , like rotting fish , primordial gases housed these past aeons in ulcerous rocks , gastric buildings he understood to be flats and offices filled with self - combusting bipeds .
next there emerged from a stainless steel tap a thick orange mass , clinging like mucus as if the tap 's volcanic innards had fallen victim to some igneous virus .
watching it , hammond expected the mass to turn white and superheated , but the stubborn orange remained , growing steadily larger , until at about ten inches in diameter it detached itself completely and began to glide serenely across the room .
all the naked gloss and paper fantasies which embellished his dreams , waking and sleeping , paled under the orange 's sweeping luminescence .
it was a swimming pool , the orange a lilo .
it was a city in space , a gaseous planet ball , the orange just gone nova .
it was an eye , an unhuman eye , the orange the perfect image of a glimpsed and captured arsehole intelligence .
wherever he looked the orange centred his vision .
shadows twisted and doubled repeatedly , darkening vortices of gas and ash wrapping the yellow - orange heat of blossoming fires as they coursed upward from countless rumbling explosions , shrouding the bird .
for five hours he waited to be run over by the hero in a smoking orange transit van with the windows blacked out and the wheels sporting metal dentures .
the fur lining yawned , spread its silver tentacles like the current - spun barbs of a sea - anemone , spines touched with orange , tickling the atmosphere whose heat lubricated the process by which the stiffened garment was levered from dreep 's forgotten body .
the orange was nowhere visible , not to be seen , but on advice from the aviators i climbed to the roof proper , discovering there a forest of chimneys , skylight lakes , slate mountainsides .
although nobody besides them had noticed , aerial traffic from the morning news had been broadcasting images of a giant orange penis every morning for the past two weeks ; nobody had bothered to pay attention .
the sun was n't up yet , but the sky had already prepared for its arrival ; oranges and pinks fought off the light blue colors .
they three rushed to spread out the blankets over enough area to sleep on while keeping a couple to cover themselves and finished just as the last bright colors has given way to the dimmer yellows and oranges .
paneling and counter tops reminded steven of the 1970s , oranges and golds were prevalent and overwhelming .
we feasted on succulent roast duck with great dollops of thick orange sauce , tiny roasted potatoes and buttered vegetables .
an orange glow suffused their part of the room where dark and shadowed corners encroached on them slowly as the fire died away .
she stood hip - shot , legs slightly spread , her orange tank topthe stretchy , spandex , nipple - showing kindcaught my eye .
they had seen ash black thunderheads and evanescent wisps of the palest orange ; they had watched the sky fill with more shades of purple than there were irises .
she could nt imagine what it would feel like to be wheeled down one of the beige and orange halls to the front doors of the hospital while a part of her body remained behind .
making these exotic members of the primrose family look plebian was an arrangement that held several orange and blue crane - shaped blooms of a bird of paradise , the ripening red pine cone - like bracts of a ginger blossom and some type of purple orchid she did nt recognize .
lise placed bills cracker next to dillys and shot a caulk bead of orange around the outer edge of both crackers .
rolling down toward the blue waters of the ocean , the huge reddish orange sun aimed its blinding light into tims eyes .
autumn leaf that sears burnt - orange into the iris .
the two men talk far into the night while the music and dance continue in the flickering orange and black darkness .
on a balmy november afternoon in leeslip park , a day decorated with leftover halloween spider web clouds tinged with the pulsing orange of a falling sun , khloe and josephine were busy playing their favorite sport of trying to antagonize the one another .
a small orange ball of gas latched on the wall .
it was in cody and i could see these hills getting all purple in the dusk and the sky was a dying orange and pink sky .
so i guess you could say , even if i did nt love the ole bag exactly , i still was going to make sure she got her poopy diapers changed and a clean feeding tube and her gross orange lipstick on .
his memory will be preserved as a soldier , but i will remember him as an amiable kid who strummed an orange guitar without ever having a proper chance of singing songs of experience .
mona braided her hair with neon orange beads between random locks , and peacock feathers dangled around her earlobes in vibrant shades of green and violet .
he ultimately shuffled through an aperture that was illuminated by a faint orange light .
despite his sour mood , miles could nt help but be a little awed at the beauty of the clouds as the morning sun made them blaze with flaring pockets of orange and violet .
it looked like millions of fireflies , glowing fiery orange and yellow in the blackness , were swarming together to form something truly grand , something that required all of them to act together , something that any one of them alone could never even imagine .
it looked to miles to be no more than about 6 a.m. as the phoenix sky was still painted in early morning hues of orange and pink and blue .
he watched forlornly as his brunes fell from his open mouth , throwing off orange sparks as it bounced away into the desert night .
as the curtains swayed , patches of bright orange and yellow light began to bleed through , forming beams of brilliance that picked up and highlighted the remaining dust particles that the antiseptic environment had failed to conquer .
one particular beam of light that appeared more resolute than the others tracked across the room to alight on miles forehead , the dust - sprinkled display painting his face a glowing shade of golden orange .
by the time the story was uploaded to the station for use by blair davis on the 6 oclock evening news , the sun was just starting to touch the horizon , alighting it with flames of coral pink and tangerine orange .
the sky was afire with deeper hues of crimson and orange now as the day crept closer to its close , and the pale , beginning shades of a giant harvest moon were already visible in the fading light of the evening sky .
chapter 26 miles sat lost in thought as he jabbed his fork distractedly into a pale - orange square of cantaloupe on his plate , placing the piece of fruit in his mouth with a rather robotic motion .
steve continued to stare up at the giant balloon with laura , his mouth agape , as he witnessed what had to be the biggest balloon he had ever seen that was nt a traditional hot air balloon rise majestically into the vibrant pinks and oranges of the early morning sky .
she gazed thoughtfully out the bay window that framed and illuminated her special place in the house , trying her best to absorb and revel in the amazing beauty of the sunrise that was just beginning to paint the phoenix sky with vibrant hues of sherbet orange and coral pink .
j - jake stole my orange c - c - c - crayon and i dinint even do noffin !
like the click of a baseball card in bike spokes , the machine pulled the film across the lens to create a wild scramble of orange and yellow .
i screamed and the path blossomed with a brilliant orange surge of mr . greenfields roman candles .
i unclipped it , then held the tip over the candle until it turned brilliant orange .
kimmy looked like a troll with a frizzy orange mane .
chapter 2 the picture family the red sun had descended painting the sky orange and yellow while his children played in the yard , and his wife watched , full of vibrancy .
those last beams of light danced in the atmosphere and painted the clouds and the sky all shades of oranges and reds .
the green color of my eyes makes up most of the painting , but he s surrounded it with a creamy pale pink color and accented a few places with a soft , light orange .
the sunset was a soft orange glow obscured by massive gray columns of storm clouds .
the rancher returned with a five - gallon orange water can filled and ready .
when he returned , lyla spat leaves into the grass , and the sun bled into the sky , purple - orange - pink , and they lay on the hood , again .
the light had been glowing a dim , angry orange .
she fell into bed and did n't wake up until the sun was setting hot and red through the window , blistering light coming through the pine trees like there was a fire just over the horizon creeping slowly closer , a dull orange glow eating at the sky .
they watched her , fascinated , entranced in the motion of her slender fingers flicking off the ash , then again raising the cigarette to her lipsin and out , its orange burn the only light in the darkness .
putrid - air rising yellow orange like a sunrise .
the coffee shop had an almost bohemian atmosphere , being decorated in bright yellows and hot oranges , set off by the deep brown tones of earthy wood featured in window trim and supporting columns dotted throughout the restaurant .
the crawfish were brightly colored reddish orange with black splotches and looked like baby lobster to me .
kara picked me up in her shitty orange nova around nine am .
i stand on my upstairs neighbor 's porch and smoke , where i can really see the orange of the sky and the horizon line where it envelops the blue .
my mind filled with the bright orange of the bikini , the young sun - browned skins of my parents before they were parents .
i also bought her some flowers , a great big expensive bunch of perfect roses , their petals an unusual orange , like flames .
i had the whole of the night - time to dream and those strange stretched - out hours before stephen returned when i sat in the house , curtains open , lights off and absorbed the evening winter light , sometimes tinged with yellow , sometimes a luminous orange , fringed with grey - blue and then my mind was empty of everything except the colour .
looking out at the seated wave of orange , ananda estimated perhaps a thousand bhikkhus .
blaise discovered that when he discovered him , and he shut down the orange sparking dials , each commanding a particular circuit to catch a frequency and refine it , to sift the ether for a voice that never came .
then , when i have just about given up , the back of my knees dripping with sweat , a bright orange vw van slows down to park beside me , and out climbs a modern day hippie .
and the defendant sat down and he was wearing an unsurprising orange jumper and he rose again and manuvred his shackled hands into the inner pocket on the left side of his orange jumper with great difficulty , produced a smallish handgun and shot each of the twelve assholes in the head twelve times .
and the defendant sat down and he was wearing an unsurprising orange jumper and he rose again and manuvred his shackled hands into the inner pocket on the left side of his orange jumper with great difficulty , produced a smallish handgun and shot each of the twelve assholes in the head twelve times .
when she woke up , the water had cooled , and the orange glow of sunset filtered in through the window .
this one went all the way down to her feet , and the color was somewhere between red and orange .
jerusalem kanafeh , the type our families made , is a neon orange pastry with a crust of shredded phyllo dough filled with soft goat cheese , and then drenched in syrup made from water and sugar .
it spins , do - si - dos elliptically , leans axially forward and back , its face assuming different colors for the seasons : white , green , yellow , orange .
~ shafts of light from breaches in a ceiling ; blue sky and trees visible through the ribs of beams ; plaster peeling like small sails off walls ; a patient drip from a pipe feeding an orange gown of mildew on the floor ~ and even though i thought i was molding this personage that i would inhabit , i allowed myself ... .
then he handed it back to me along with a key attached to a big orange plastic tag .
* * * the late - evening sky burned softly with deep purples and shades of orange , the world succumbing to shadows , when grace left beck one thursday evening in early october .
in the soft illumination of nighttime lightsthe quivering blue of the pool , the muted orange from the mansiongrace looked into the face of her star player and felt a rush of affection .
far away , in a corner near the propertys white wall , stood a tall lamppost , an electric light source that cast an orange glow over the back yard .
the sun was behind the young man and his father as they walked slowly and methodically down the path towards their home , so they could not see the radiant orange and pink sunset behind them .
he takes another drag on the cigarette , watches its orange glow , and coughs into the snow , disturbing the quiet .
every time his patrol passes the beam is grown a little weaker , the white heat light dimming to a dull orange glow .
one of the bouncers dug an orange tag out of his back pocket and handed it over , and aaron brought it to nicky .
most of the others were wearing their jerseys as a first - day celebration , so the sidewalk by the crosswalk was an eyesore of orange and white .
first , what it means , that the ncaa season started and you 're wearing orange .
i ve written out instructions for you , bob was saying with their light orange cat at his feet .
the rubber mask edges pressed against your face and you stumbled forward and the nozzle shot up in the arms of the nozzleman and the hose team leader reached out and pushed it back down to the flames with one arm and catching you with the other just as you looked over the edge of the grating and down the ladder into the face of the fire , and then suddenly you were okay and you spread your legs and took sliding steps forward and down the ladder to the fire burning red and orange against the sooty black sides of the building , and as your team worked its way down the ladder with the cooling spray falling all around you and the water on your mask drying off as soon as it hit it you could see that it really all worked .
we had been staggering down the sidewalk , illuminated with the orange glow of the street lamps , with no exact destination in mind .
he reached into the ceiling and pulled out a fat orange tomcat .
in each fist he held a snake , bands of orange and white along their length indicated the reptiles venomous quality .
it was sunset , and i sat on the hood of my car and looked out over the orange on the lake .
he rolled onto his back and lay still , his closed eyelids glowing bright orange against the sun .
the sky is turning darker , no longer a fruity shade of orange but more like a misshapen bruised gourd .
that spec of sun ascended , growing into a radiant orange semicircle , and no matter how kane adjusted his eyes , that sun seemed untouchable and beyond color .
raven felt she was starting to visit with her orange chakra more than she ever had in her life .
this composition is hot pink , sunset orange , and ultra violet .
for example , during the announcement of the opening of my orange chakra , the orange curtains ( sunset orange , with a golden hue ) in this room that i use to block out the world , were pulled down by the hand of rainbow the cat .
for example , during the announcement of the opening of my orange chakra , the orange curtains ( sunset orange , with a golden hue ) in this room that i use to block out the world , were pulled down by the hand of rainbow the cat .
anyway , cheetah , who is very orange herself and wears a matching orange collar , has curled herself up on the elegantly draped orange curtains .
my emotional attachment to that song is interesting because not only is the otter the guardian of my orange chakra , but i think he sings about dead bodies in the dam .
i have so much fear hidden within me that i can barely leave the house anymorebut maybe its just winter i am certain i could do it life - if my orange chakra was healed and ii ca nt share the same body as a monster born from suffering .
as they emerged from the enclosed space , a profound and hypnotic beauty appeared before them , the sun falling slowly toward the horizon , washing deep oranges and fiery reds over the land .
he puffed on his smoke , lighting up his face with orange .
an orange ferry was starting out for staten island .
fall was green leaves turning to gold and orange and brown , chilly evenings when one gladly wore a coat for the first time in six months , starting school again , dodging the incessant doorbell - ringing of trick - or - treaters and gorging on turkey and stuffing and mashed potatoes on thanksgiving before fighting off a nap during the second football game .
i had drank two cups of the lukewarm coffee when mackey wiped the crusty orange remains of the egg yolk off his lips with a napkin , tossed the napkin on the plate , and belched .
i giggled as i grinned at him , noticing he d put orange , red , and yellow beads at the ends of his dreads .
a heavy curtain blocked the suns trespass through the single window ; the rooms only light glowed orange from a single tallow candle upon a heavy wooden table .
there is a bright orange sticker on the cellophane that says , great on the grill .
i imagined all the beautiful hulls , lined up on stands on the floorboards of the dinghy - vermillion red , royal blue , racing green , brilliant orange , black .
in the west , an orange hue was germinating , spreading through the sky like a dye diffuses into water .
a match flared and for a moment his face was coloured by a flickering orange light .
then in a moment my paralysis resolved and i wrenched my way up onto the riverbank , jettisoning my pack at the old campsite , to race down the meadow towards an orange disc that indicated the track .
this simple orange glow .
helen shifted her gaze across the room to the one piece of artwork that she liked : an oil painting of the golden gate bridge , with its international orange color that had originally been intended as a primer .
she swallowed three orange pills and washed them down with a bottle of red gatorade from her compact fridge .
across the bar stood two girls , one of whom had large lips with shoulder length brown hair , a seventies - look silk orange shirt and the same style nylon pants .
the sea reflected all the purples , oranges and reds of the setting sun sky .
he listened to the waves through the night until the morning sun hushed gentle violets , crimsons and oranges off of the horizonover the morning sea .
they peered out to the violet horizon , speckled with dabs of oranges and blues .
the most beautiful shine of yellows and oranges and reds pulsed into him .
once he was well down the path , he could see the weaved web of browns and greens of the small forest until an orange glow beamed from out ahead .
jons vision of the hazy tint of orange made him see the buzzes in shifting linesbouncing to the buzzing beat filling the air .
his entire world was a blurry buzzing orange .
the car quickly faded into the orange and he too faded back into the buzz .
the car bounced over the breaks in the concrete road til he parked the sedan outside the motel aside an array of cars in the orange lot .
jon looked away from the sun , down into eleas eyesthe brown shining a blinding orange from his stare at the sun .
the bright sun turned to cosmic reds and oranges and yellows , morphing into blues and violets .
elea would have painted the room a matte , flat yellow with accented oranges .
jon nodded , waiting til ethan returned with a pair of scissors , a hair buzzer and a long orange extension cord .
the moon turned a warm orange before finally dipping out of sight under the horizon , and then all the earth turned gray .
one after one , thoughts came drifting in as he sat near the window , looking at the eastern horizon , where the sun had heralded its ascent , beaming a radiant orange color in the sky just above where earth kissed the sky -- we have drifted too far ... so far that the vision of rational objectivity is blurred truths reasonable veracity looks like well beyond average humans sensory perceptions .
he strapped a bulky orange life preserver around claude and lifted him into the metal rowboat , put in the poles and a pail of worms , climbed in himself , and rowed toward the center of the lake .
although her eyebrows were mostly white , her hair was a dull orange , with a touch of maroon , it seemed .
the room was filled with popping and cracking as the kindling was consumed by thick hungry tongues of orange that leapt up the chimney as he pushed three armchairs into an arc around the hearth at a time tested distance .
i can make my own decisions , snapped lamplighter as he popped an orange clad leg back into his shoe .
the tree was decorated with orange balls , with loads more on the ground that were still good .
it was nt like the usual orange and black ones that come from the silver chrysalises that hang from the trees in the school grounds .
the plush carpet of decaying , earth - colored leaves blood red , chocolaty brown , yellow , burnt sienna and mottled orange - would soon be blanketed over with new england snow .
when she returned , the woman was holding a small strip of cream colored wood delicately veined with orange .
evening creeps close now and the street lights are starting to come on their dull orange glow is the single coal fallen from the fire and burning out in the dirt .
everything went black for a moment , then ricardo was sitting on the same orange , puce couch in a windowless room .
there used to be an old orange volkswagon bug parked outside in the weeds with flat tires where we d sit and eat popsicles but that was gone now .
that evening the pastels of orange and amber , alizarin , turquoise and gray deepened and flooded the high clouds overhead .
as the sun set like a bisected blood orange hanging over the horizon , the sky congealed to its bleeding .
i can remember the orange of the sky at night from the ' brandbombe ' and the acrid petrol smell of the dark smoke that filled the air the mornings after .
the planking walkways and wider gravel roads built for the crawler tanks are pretty much where some of the original roads and streets would have been and there is the impression of slightly different coloured browns and blacks and oranges in the rubble and dirt .
we are about ninety miles or so away but we could still see the fires and foreboding orange glow in the sky .
time paradox ran his fingers through his orange slicked back hair .
there were grays , oranges , whites , and one or two black cats , but still no sign of their mother .
his orange and sky - blue t - shirt was giving me a headache as it tried to crawl off his bony shoulders .
hillsides spilled piles of lurid orange and yellow dirt .
his room smelled both sweet and foul , and the orange glow of the smoldering fire backlit a figure beside the bed .
the four drinks waited half a second before they came crashing down on her lap , drenching her shirt and jeans with sticky orange liquid .
chad and sarah watched the moons creeping ascent , mesmerized by its haunting orange glow which slowly turned to silver .
finally , a bulbous club carried the turban upward and that turban unfurled to reveal the pedals of a glossy coppery orange flask .
bright fiery orange on an ocotillo bloom skipped by in snippets .
the dusty orange hues in a broad arroyo danced across golden yellow and orange grass .
sepias and umbers , cadmium red and cadmium orange dribbled by on boulders , the lichen on them adding lovely chalky greens and neutral and cool grays with pale yellows added .
and we sniffed her drawer sachets , each in turn -- the top left smelled of lavender , the middle orange , the top right eau de ivanhoe .
my fingers grasp one crescent - shaped orange slab .
angry hot gusts wrest control of their poles , and the flag bearers stiffen their resolve and wrench the nations colors -- the red and dark blue stripes that are bleached orange and a pale baby blue in our blinding sun and blowing dirt -- off the asphalt and away from the steaming piles of green mule droppings .
in the process of drying , the peel of the sour orange acquired huge open pores like those on the noses of old men ; in their hues these dried oranges resembled lascaux cave paintings ; in parts , oranges and deep brown hues blew across the peel , in other sections inky stains dripped in lines and blobs across the dried surface of the orange .
then he raised one foot and drove the heavy heel of his cowboy boot down on the hollow orange , striking it so forcefully that the dried husk cracked with a boom as loud as a small bomb ; an infant screamed itself awake at the sound of the explosion , and its mother shot an angry glance through the branches into the trees interior though she was unable to see us ; glossy chestnut horses pulling a wagon past the sour orange , pricked their ears and tossed their heads ; a snare drummer paused at the unexpected thump in the middle of his roll ; we were stunned by the sound for a moment and then we gasped , and what was better , we cheered to see a small yellow curl of pulverized orange smoke rise up from under the boys boot like little tendrils of a fern .
they ate noisily mashing and grinding the carrots into orange pulp .
a pasty yellow butterfly flitted past making an erratic path toward the water line ; attracted by the vibrant reds and oranges , it finally came to rest on a flowering bush .
plus , aaa tickets come cheap and plentiful , unlike those for our boys in orange .
the other , appearing a bit younger than the first , had short black hair all over , except for an orange patch over its eye .
i watched with both disgust and intrigue as the pipe took hold of the flame with her breath , burning into an orange ember before going out into a string of smoke .
seeing her , the woman smiled broadly , revealing a set of orange stained teeth .
the road was rough but the leaves on the trees were just turning gorgeous shades of reds , yellows , oranges and gold .
the car made a braking turn to the right and continued on down the tree lined dirt road , tossing up a cloud of orange and red leaves in its wake .
she touches the screen to dismiss the message waiting indicator and sees the little battery icon flashing orange .
~ the next morning i walked to the mailbox , and noticed maria wore a black and orange do rag , the first of many costumes the bikers affixed onto her as she ascended into icon status both in the city of calistoga and in wine country .
now he could nt shake a vision of handcuffs and orange coveralls , both of them chained to each other , pulling weeds along the side of the highway while katie macgregor and dawn bellows rode by , their sixteen - year - old boyfriends honking their horns .
by this time the sun was hanging over the horizon as a red disk against a backdrop of orange skies and pink clouds .
ana trained her camera on the boats and the sun until it became an enormous burning orange , and she had to focus her camera elsewhere .
the sun was setting behind the hotels and the apartment buildings as ana looked toward the ocean , marveling at the sky , feathery streaks of pink orange painted on a grayish blue canvas .
when the moon exited behind the hills , a streak of orange penetrated through the neon violet at the junction between earth and sky .
he had recently painted the walls a smoky orange colour and liked it so much that he felt no need for posters or other distractions .
he looked at the un - postered orange wall , and before he could think any more about it , he plunged his fist into it , leaving a dent in the plasterwork .
first he looked at the coloured vinyl collection , which he kept separate at the back of one of the boxes : the lime green of ' jimmy jimmy ' by the undertones , the orange of ' the day the world turned dayglo ' by x ray spex , the red of ' furniture music ' by bill nelson .
he looked west towards the setting sun : the sky was now ablaze with reds and oranges .
her white coat glowed with the orange that radiated from the inside of the tube and the ends of her long blonde hair stuck to the inside of the slide because of static electricity .
fair enough , she scooped out two serving spoon - fulls of the orange , noodly , hot - dog concoction .
she wore a pleated orange gingham skirt and a white blouse and she crooned a beatles song with the rest of the line .
melody was a quiet girl from the start , with large , dark eyes like the shade under that ocean pine and sycamore ; pretty eyes that belied a piercing yet humble intelligence ; eyes that reflected the flaming western skies perfectly as her mother held her while sitting on the beach near the newly rebuilt pier , watching the brilliant , squashed orange orb of the sun set over the blue pacific ocean .
the sun was just minutes from setting , a brilliant orange circle squishing itself into the watery horizon , the sky above him dissolving into a sleepy navy blue .
melody saw them wing into view from beyond the eerie orange glow of the lampsseagulls .
the enigmatic painter did not come to her again until the summer sky had turned from a draining orange fire , to a deep pink overcast , to indistinct purple - gray streaks .
buildings of varying sizes were on both sides of the group , buildings with an odd mishmash of architecture and colors : some silver - green , others the pink or gray of granite , others still the dirty white of limestone or the dark orange of sandstone .
she glanced up , searched for the yellow - orange light on the horizon , what she had thought earlier in the day to be a tremendous forest fire or some enormous natural disaster .
the sound was like a great whirlwind tearing through the valley , the orange flames from her open maw licking the starlit vault of heaven itself .
maggie made the necessary wish and seconds later trailed the bird by only a few feet as it flew just over the calm surface of the sea , its wings beating rapidly and steadily as it made its way directly for the peninsula the warriors on the v - nicomacus had mentioned earlier , the one with dramatic high pink cliffs cast a luminous orange by the setting sun .
the white , blue , and green of the shirt and cape caught the orange - blue of dawn and held him fast .
they came through the yellow beech and through the maples of heart - stopping orange .
spell bound by the shine of brass cases or the reds and oranges of elley kynoch cartridges , numbered 2 to 12 he played with live ammunition for hours on end .
and there in front of me , the dripping orange paint spelled out what i could nt say to my mothers face : saundra everett is a worthless bitch .
he worked a fresh orange canister out of its cardboard box and screwed it into place .
on the table her cookies were surrounded by brownies , sugar cookies with artificially colored orange frosting , and a bowl of candy .
neither were there any lights coming from the houses on either side of the road , although a menacing orange aura emanated from far off .
the suburbs were dark and deserted , the orange glow in the distance being the only sign of life .
no one seemed particularly concerned even though his car was clearly marked with the orange and blue of waterloo county police .
i ' m not a bit proud of it , but my children wanted to add blueberries to an orange cake , so what could i do ?
the sun went down the horizon sprinkling glimmer of orange on the clouds around .
his wife , arlene , was the stereotypical jewish lawyers wife with carefully coiffed , highly teased hair dyed a shade of orange that did not exist in nature and lots of diamonds weighing down her ears , neck , and fingers .
he pulls a little screwdriver with a clear orange handle out of his coat pocket like he 's going to fix something .
they drove cross - country far from the road , over spiky blonde spinifex and deep water course ditches , beyond an outcrop of orange rocks and then , suddenly in front of them , smiling at the sky , gleamed a narrow stretch of water .
tami , still in the doorway , pulled the orange drape around her and giggled at them , throwing her head back .
we wade out toward it , the sky glowing pink and the water orange .
already the sky is turning pink , and the tide orange .
* * * upon rounding a bend one afternoon , iliff was surprised by an orange animal that darted from the rocks ahead .
um , how bout orange juice ?
his back was to me , all i could see was his gray hair over the top of the orange recliner .
the bags had a faint orange tint .
as matt was getting himself another beer , i watched his girl , a brunette in an orange tank top and a black denim skirt .
orange or fruit punch ?
he opened the orange drink and gulped down about half the bottle , before the excess rolled down his chin and to his sweat - soaked shirt .
he stepped into the yard , the light reflecting dimly from his orange jumpsuit .
looking down to spot the obstacle , she saw a body clad in an orange jumpsuit .
her gaze drifted from the single dancing flame of the candle on the mantle to the pulsating purples , brilliant yellows and wondrous oranges of the fire in the fireplace .
everything was trapped under a thin orange fog .
we lay in my bed and basked in the fleeting soft orange glow .
the handful of working street lights flickered on and bathed everything in an orange glow : the broken newspaper boxes , the tipped over mail boxes , the dead street lamps .
the snow reflected the sickly orange glow of the street lamps .
the sun was setting and produced a vibrant orange hue as it shone through the city 's pollution .
i went through the front door , and stood outside in the cold under the orange and neon , the street cameras , pedestrians , and thugs .
the orange and neon reminded us that we were still in the city .
the fleeting orange glow of a sun set .
as the sun slowly descended and changed colour into a brilliant orange , i felt a complete awe at the beauty of the world .
her skin had a tinge of orange from the evening light .
the sun had tightened into a hazy orange ball as it prepared for its descent below the gulfs western horizon .
as the sun rose behind the cross , a silhouette of the figure had stood starkly out from the blazing red - orange matte background .
what had lodged in his mind though were children laughing as they stood by his lame horse of an escort , its orange stripe jinking over the buckled wing .
* * * a few hours later , dawn miller chatted with her son while she packed clothes including shorts , two bathing suits and a form - fitting red dress with a low v - neck into a large orange suitcase that had belonged to her sister - in - law .
except for goalkeepers at both ends of the field , the boys carried matching hockey sticks , black with a wide orange stripe .
he passed her a single orange capsule , wrapped in waxed paper like a piece of taffy .
he took a sip of the cool , bitter liquid and placed the glass back on the bar , watching the marbled effect of deep red mingling with orange .
in my orange overalls all i had to do was act nonchalantly and pull the cord into the car , fasten the harness to her and throw her over the side of the bridge .
chapter 8 esther the one - story emerge building was n't large , but it was conspicuous because of its orange color .
a new moon left us with only the pale orange glow of streetlights seeping through the windows .
i stood up and looked at the fading sun , bright orange as it fell beneath the horizon .
she wore cream colored pants and a burnt orange silk blouse .
she walked away in a fanny - hugging black skirt and an orange blouse .
chapter twenty - one the setting sun melted into the horizon like molten iron , glowing reddish orange , tinged pink at the edges .
by morning , her consuming vision was of this man shackled in an orange jumpsuit facing the judge .
it was chilly still , in early spring , so she had her little patio heater on , making a warm orange glow .
the red and orange glow barely peeked into the horizon with the announcement that its grand entrance was about to occur .
the small orange glow from the end of the lit cigarette pierced the night as it dangled between garcias lips .
the clouds spread around painted the sky in a grayish orange , and the temperature was cooling down .
i looked to the heavens for a sign , a direction , but there was nothing in the sky but a full moon waxing orange , its big face laughing down at some private joke not meant for the earth - bound .
i would not look good in an orange jumpsuit .
it was a bright floral pattern , in brilliant oranges and fuchsias .
i hope you look good in orange .
i wonder how i 'll look in orange ? ''
he lay awake thinking about going to the u.s . and winning the orange bowl .
congratulations on your orange bowl win .
everyone , but me , went with the chefs specials of pressed duckling tour dargent or the duckling with orange sauce .
it was a favorite place from our childhood , but today i noticed that it had a lot of garish orange in its dcor , and i liked it a little less because of it .
did nt have an orange .
she toted it to the small back porch and started to beat it on the railing , when she spotted something bright orange in maggie mays yard .
hanging between the painted orange trees were floor - to - ceiling mirrors in gilt frames .
the top half had a bright orange 8 painted on it , and the bottom piece had a 00 .
our springs sprouted flowers even though there was an overabundance of rain , summers were hot and dry as a desert , autumns turned the foliage an earthy orange and yellow , and winters saw snowfall like the towns up north .
i was sporting new capris with a brown leather belt , my chucks , and a skintight orange t - shirt with a white number 10 on the front .
when he popped open the trunk , the sunlights red and orange rays blinded me , clutching my throat with a pressurized heat that did nt come from the sun .
her hair , dyed a bright orange ( to match her lips one might suppose ) , was a mass of frizzy curls that stuck nearly straight out from her head a la bozo the clown , even jutting through the giant gold hoop earrings she wore .
peppered with dingy orange flowers , it looked like the relic had been new in the 60s and had seen much abuse in the intervening years .
it cast an orange hue mixed with pink and purple over the clouds a kaleidoscope of color .
purple mums lined the curved beds and the leaves on the trees had turned to red , gold and flaming orange .
the sky was a brilliant orange punctuated with clouds of gray and purple .
the sun was setting in a huge orange ball behind the keys .
the wallpaper trim was done in reds and oranges .
marjo catanya , on the other hand , looked like shed stepped from a vibrant rufino tamayo painting , favoring bright magentas , oranges , and blues in her scoop neck blouses over light , long , and flowing skirts .
huge orange , green , brown blocks of color peaked through the emerald sheen of the trees and gleamed in the slanting light .
there was snow on longs and meeker , and winter was nt far from descending down to the plains , already in a palette of brown , with the cottonwoods in the arroyos barren of leaves and the upright branches of shrub willows bunched in yellow - orange blocks .
she wanted the tall ruddy orange pots i d found for her in santa fe as the foundation centerpieces , and we agreed on using natural materials i could harvest or find : fresh evergreen boughs , ornamental squashes , and pumpkins to finish the fall ; then big pine cones , and red twig dogwood and bittersweet branches into the winter .
ashley picked up a raw chicken breast and dredged the prickly pale skin in a pan of flour , speckled with orange and black .
glancing between her and the road , he pulled a drag from his cigarette , the ashes turning bright orange , then blew the smoke straight into her face .
he waved to ramon and watched for a minute as the tractor , like a giant orange insect , dug and snorted and darted .
he walked slowly up to the stationary figures until he recognized his cousin eddie , strapped to a wrought iron chair with a heavy - duty orange extension cord , and colin standing calmly at parade rest with a pistol in his right hand .
billie jo was undoubtedly punching bingo cards galore with large neon orange markers and george bufford was off on a vacation to the bahamas with his secretary .
i can see you guys in prison orange .
chapter 13 the rising sun shone a deep orange on the water .
we left lands end around 6 p.m. and rounded fleming key with the sun burning a brilliant orange in the western sky .
aaron and i went into the waiting room , a standard automotive repair shop waiting area with dirty cracked linoleum , orange plastic chairs , and multiple vending machines .
it had avocado green panels under the windows and a brick faade with a hint of orange .
the bright oranges , greens and yellows made my head hurt and i was nt crazy about the plastic palm trees either .
as she got closer , i could see her makeup was subtle and flattering , no more cakey orange .
i come down into the lounge , and the roommate is sitting on the horrible orange couch .
she looks around , and recognizes everything she seesa rolex watch on the dresser , a beautiful painting of a ship at sea with the sky orange and red as though it were on fire in the background .
decorated in smooth browns and beige offset against splashes of vibrant orange , yellow and blue .
an orange - coloured dried flower arrangement sat in the middle of the table and to the side of that a tape recorder .
the colour scheme was burnt orange on the walls offset with tasteful pale green and turquoise furnishings .
the room was decorated with orange accessories and soft furnishings , a chocolate - coloured thick wool carpet , deep chocolate browns offset with cream .
the shaded , red rock cliffs , blood orange in moabs early morning light , had suited his mood .
yeah , said tyler , turning his head so ronni could see that he was wearing a loud orange and white hat that displayed i love my saxophone in big green letters .
as an evil orange light blinded her to the faceless ones , she knew it was going to happen again .
for a while , the waters were blue green with orange and purple and green stripes .
dietz chuckled , hope the dude looks good in orange .
i repeat 100 , 1,000 times , ` ` talking is tempting fate , '' while i close my eyes and imagine the color orange to remind myself how ghastly it looks on me .
catherine wanted to do a repeating rainbow theme , you know one red paver , one orange , one yellow , all through the labyrinth , but bailey and i talked her out of it . ''
translucent reds and oranges against dull , dense greens .
she had worn her marigold - colored dress for tonight , its body a rich orange , the embroidery along the seams a burnt yellow color .
joan stared into the flickering flame , her gaze lost in the ever - changing oranges and yellows , her mind going back to that day of torment .
a serene quiet settled across the darkened room , with the flickering embers of fire sending dancing shadows of orange and gold along the walls .
i slipped my feet into fuzzy orange slippers and grabbed my robe .
i shuffled back to my bedroom , kicked off my fuzzy orange slippers , and climbed back under the covers .
~ ~ ~ comfortable in an old terrycloth robe , and shuffling around in my fuzzy orange slippers , i crashed on the sofa to watch an episode of csi : new york .
after kicking off my shoes and sliding into my fuzzy orange slippers , i shuffled into the murder room to add the information from the day to the white board .
all they could see was hot gas blasting from the rear of the rocket , a huge orange ball of flame marking the position of the racer .
in the blue haze of the mountain range , an orange flash evolved into a gray mushroom cloud that rose into the blue sky .
pinks light up the bleak , gray rock , tricking you into thinking for just a moment you re in the southwest , birthplace of electric reds and oranges .
her eyes are almost gray and her freckles are a dull orange .
booths line the walls , orange seats and teal tabletops .
milling around in their uniforms , the runners added more splashes of color to the scenereds , yellows , blues , oranges , greens and purples .
theona shemp , tall like her niece , but wider , probably close to 180 pounds , wore horn - rimmed glasses and a cream - colored , shapeless cotton dress emblazoned with orange and coral leaves .
did you ever hear of agent orange ?
okay , then , he says , just as an orange streak of the sun appears over the mountains to the east .
the late august sun created an orange glow in the western sky far over the bay .
doctor owerri stood , orange robe around her , and clopped in her african sandals to the podium and began to speak .
in the center of the steaming platter a rubbery orange splotch in a milky pool bled yellow .
skeeter busily strung orange tape among the live oaks and around homer and pickett , sealing off the crime scene .
sometimes when i pad to the bathroom around midnight , i can see her stove burning orange though her partly ajar door , and then long after i ve made my coffee and read my newspapers and started on my workday , i ve seen her open her studio door from the inside .
two yard signs flank the front walk : holden for school board in turquoise and orange and yes on ee in lime and black .
through the trees , i see the purple and orange of the sunset .
she s drinking white wine and watching tv , an orange glow blazing from the belly of the furnace behind her .
he was lean and well - built , perhaps a few years older than me , wearing a bright orange vest over a jacket peppered with foresting patches .
a sinewy man stood there in day - glow orange , his wrinkled face speckled with age spots , a visored hunters cap covering wisps of silvered hair .
i could see every detail of it , the shimmering colors from ruby red through tangerine orange to the duskiest violet .
there was brilliant yellow , soft tangerine , rich orange , softer amber , and a plethora of colors i could not even find names for .
i became suspicious of the faint orange color .
it was a salmon color , faded with wind and sun exposure to a pale pinkish orange .
they play in one and sleep in the other in the childish fun color scheme of neon orange .
the neon orange is easy to see when you try to escape up and over the barbed wired fence post , chuckles along with the other occupants inside the room another irs co - worker judd levenberry and the director of the birmingham hospital radiation oncology department neal munsterberg , md .
no orange is the new black tonight .
as soon as the other girl was done lighting the candles , the pink - haired lady thrust a bright orange menu my way .
however , the countess dressed to startle in a clinging orange affair with a green stole on one shoulder exuded enough personality for two .
against the night sky , the bright reds and oranges were kind of pretty .
ignoring the sombre - suited llewellyn 's wince of pain , rafferty straightened his dazzling orange and magenta tie and studied the array of cards and bells by the front door .
twenty - seven ms . gates was looking even prettier than usual in her striped orange and black blouse , a strand of pearls around her neck .
apple or orange ?
the sun had started to come down , and it had blanketed the city in orange .
a shiny new orange challenger with black accents color blasted the driveway .
i looked toward california , and the sun dropped behind the bristol mountains , turning the sky above devils playground incandescent burnt orange .
the high - output fluorescent lighting , designed to perk up the weary traveler , and sunrise - orange naugahyde upholstery , set against polished black and white linoleum floors , all trimmed in chrome , made tubbys the kind of place you could sit and drink coffee all night .
it would be a pleasure to see them in prison orange .
deep within the tower was an eerie orange glow , like the inside of a volcano .
katherine looked from pamela to the impressionist painting where strong brush strokes merged the tempestuous blue and black of the shore and water to the yellows and oranges and reds of the sky .
well both be wearing orange for a very long time .
and you know how bad i look in orange .
you do look bad in orange .
my head was covered in a brassy orange mess .
i told you to wear orange , cora mae .
star drove over on her ex - husbands atv , wearing a fake fur jacket she had dyed orange for hunting season , a pair of mukluks , and a sassy orange and blue feather hat .
star drove over on her ex - husbands atv , wearing a fake fur jacket she had dyed orange for hunting season , a pair of mukluks , and a sassy orange and blue feather hat .
pulling off my hunting cap , i shook out my orange mop .
with a blaze of orange , the sun bursts over the rim of the field , rays dancing across the golden rye .
the sun was setting in the distance , casting a strange orange glow to the landscape .
ahead i spotted the triangular orange sign that marked the start of the portage out of cedar lake .
my first tent was a triangular orange thing that used pegs .
an opening , glowing orange , appeared in the logs , like the gateway to hell .
green pine trees stood among orange - leaved oaks and a few small bright red maples .
there was an old orange tabby cat there , sleeping in the sun .
he looked at my orange craft tied to the end of the hawk lake dock .
it had been painted bright orange .
its bright orange .
a small orange goldfish swam around in rapid circles .
the walls were painted bright orange and there was not a diploma , certificate , or family portrait to be seen .
all those tears had left the white around my gray irises streaked with red and -- i leaned forward a little to make sure -- my upper eyelids a bizarre orange .
a soft orange glow lit the building 's brick facade .
when i woke up , the sun was setting , filling my room with a soft orange glow .
another dot , this one orange .
falkner was offering her an orange segment , between long fingers .
trucker , my hundred - and - fifty - pound rottweiler , lay on the faded orange and brown braided rug , chin propped on crossed paws , brown eyes closed .
a neon orange police vest , required attire during an investigation , overlaid the shirt .
his shot grazed the arm of the chair , singeing the leather with an orange glowing heat .
she wore a traditional indian dress which contained various shades of orange and brown .
geraniums exploded in uncontrollable bushes of rich reds and oranges to border all sides of the waist - high stonewalls which enveloped the tiny plot .
the orange coloring was nt the scaly back of a lizard .
she did nt think the evening temperature had changed much since the sun vanished in a fiery orange blaze .
the sun , slowly descending in the west , filled the sky with streaks of brilliant orange .
in my view , his aura was blazing , flickering with bright orange and crimson reds .
blues melted into black , shot through with pinpoints of bright orange and red .
anger , rage , hurt would flare sharply in the red range ; love , joy in a more diffuse orange glow ; depression , unhappiness sunk into a dark purple hole .
like this girl : even her pubic hairs a hard , even orange - the too - perfect color of a nylon rug .
the hair itself now a carrot and cabbage salad of orange and grey , pulled back and tied like george washingtons .
without waiting for my answer , denise darted around the kitchen fetching glasses , vodka , orange juice in a cut glass pitcher .
it was nine when he reached the outskirts of denver , and the lights of the city cast an orange glow into the sky .
her running shoes , and towel neatly folded , were as she had left them , but to her surprise the orange had vanished .
he filled the syringe half full of a muted orange liquid pulling a brackish brown looking elixir with the plunger ( with a great deal of effort ) into the gleaming syringe .
the boys were whipping up a game of sponge ball catch when a bright orange color caught terrys attention .
a single incandescent bulb hung from the center of the ceiling , glowing orange .
and i m thinking , i could live here , it looks nice , and then i get all this water splattered in my face like i m not wet enough and hear this ripping noise and someones grabbed my dress and next thing i know i m being yanked onboard a lifeboat and blinded by all the neon - orange overalls .
a fire in the wood stove crackled in the dark back room , sending out a weak orange glow .
when archie laid eyes on the men in their orange , blue and red striped pantaloons and blouses crowned by red plumed conquistador helmets his first thought was : now those are uniforms ! !
their yellow - orange blossoms stretch up the hillsides , in some areas as an unbroken mass of color stretching to the tops of the surrounding ridges .
she stood next to the chair facing his desk , a file folder tucked against the front of her knee - length orange dress and open jacket .
but there was a county sheriff 's cruiser parked on the corner of orange , and the deputies inside saw the whole thing .
a black pennant with a large orange p hung from it .
no , here came sally accompanied by an older man who had a fine head of gray hair and an orange jumpsuit that looked quite good on him .
every guy guesses a color - there 's hot red , stallion black , lemon yellow , orange orange .
a threadbare blanket of burnt orange , like something a bad airline had used for too long , lay folded on the bench .
the sun was beginning to dip down , painting the sky burnt orange .
the words troll hole have been spray - painted in orange above the hole , with a helpful arrow pointing down to the hole .
life vests screamed in neon orange , deer corn was piled in fifty - pound bags , and oars were arranged in upright racks .
i was seeing only a slice of the brilliant ball of glory , the briefest flare of red and orange .
the air carried the scent of fumes and damp earth , and a faint promise that fall would soon be coming , coloring the streets in hues of copper and orange .
the sun was streaking the sky in shades of orange and copper when we finally left the highway and turned toward what looked like an industrial estate with warehouses .
the wind blew , the trees danced , the purple - orange if sunset was starting to give way to a polished pewter .
just because you can hurl the rawhide with great velocity or put an orange ball in a metallic circle or swing a stick with a slightly more pure arc .
big cyndi was totally in orange .
a uniformed guard reacted to a bright orange sticker on the car 's windshield and waved the vehicle through savior 's gate .
the linoleum was a sort of burnished orange , and the wallpaper was cream with a tiny pattern of the same color .
the kitchen curtains were cream with a ruffle of the burnished orange .
` ` i think it 's odd that you ' ve been drinking orange juice and water . ''
my boots sink into wet grass , and i pass the pool that glows a deep orange .
the sun fades into different shades of oranges and yellows .
between his five friends , they were counting out at least several hundred orange paper tickets , like little kids at chuck e. cheese .
` ` i brought lexi coffee , '' he said , holding up a bright white - and - orange coffee cup with big orange lettering that read jittery joe ' s. ` ` where the hell is that from ? ''
` ` i brought lexi coffee , '' he said , holding up a bright white - and - orange coffee cup with big orange lettering that read jittery joe ' s. ` ` where the hell is that from ? ''
hundreds of them illuminated their way , and she noticed , where she had n't before , the streetlights were all still in place but had been shut off to allow the red - and - orange flames to be the only source of light .
the sun keeps sliding down , painting the sky in hues of orange and red as we dive into our meal .
i 'll use deep oranges and browns to darken and shade those areas . ''
while she 'd been inside , the sun had set even lower , turning the orange skies into a deep , smoky purple .
there was no snow despite the chilly weather , and the mountains were purple in the distance , the trees like green velvet against the orange and purple sky .
sitting up to investigate , i saw a huge orange and yellow monarch butterfly that had landed on my leg , centimeters from the tattoo of its tribal - inspired twin .
the sun began to set behind the mountains , sucking the rest of the day 's warmth with it , but turning the sky brilliant shades of orange and gold .
and then the flags of orange and white , followed by a backflipping , high kicking cheer crew i hated as a whole based on principle , burst out of home tunnel .
hurrying out of the tunnel , the light of the stadium blinded me for a moment , but then a flash of orange and white decorating the fifty yard line cleared my vision .
and since all i found in the fridge last night was beer and orange juice , i ' m thinking that might be a problem if i do n't get to a store soon . ''
she 's wearing a rich crimson suit that makes her hair look annie orange .
between her citrus orange hair , to her torn skirt over leggings , to her combat boots , she looked like she would have been more comfortable in a store that sold ' alternative ' clothing .
her eyebrows disappeared into her side - swept dyed - citrus orange bangs .
she peered at me from under her orange bangs .
an orange glow draws my attention .
i slide my eyes back to the door where the words ` ` ufl training center '' are painted in bright orange on the glass .
i ' m voting for orange .
his breath caught when a big explosion imploded an entire building in a thick plume of orange and grey .
the only people in the entire house not wearing maroon or burnt orange were emily , isabella , and jesse .
the views were amazing , and the sunset was a riot of pinks , oranges , and reds .
he looked out at the brilliant pinks , oranges , and soft blues before raising one eyebrow , looking back at me sceptically .
` ` fucking neon ... '' he shook his head forlornly ` ` ... next thing you know everyone will be wearing plastic mesh shoes in outrageous orange and singing ' wake me up before you go - go . ' ''
he began barking and dancing around the orange vegetable as though waiting for it to jump up and join in his playful game .
nothing but the ocean as far as the eye could see , colored by the pinks and oranges of the sunset .
we were all already operating on threat level orange .
that was the night you dumped orange soda down my new white shirt . ''
i shoved a blue - and - orange silk flower behind my ear and worked on doing some basic maintenance to my face .
a mangy orange cat blinked , meowing .
the doctor sluiced tess 's hand in orange sterilizing liquid and suzette held a handkerchief to her mouth , gagging at the horrible sight .
the chicken was so tender and the orange sauce was just that perfect balance of sweet and tangy .
the room was peaceful , painted with soft blues and browns - not like the girl with the bright orange bedroom she had when we were younger .
there were streaks of orange and yellow across it .
the oranges and blues were bright , passionate .
a large orange cord dangles from my wrists as i speak .
the sun was setting in countless shades of orange and copper streaking the evening sky .
there were four large orange lilies wrapped around my hip , and i could n't believe how amazing they looked .
i 'd known i could n't just get her some , but hearing her talk about them never left my mind , and i 'd sketched up a large drawing of four orange lilies for her as a tattoo .
the sun was setting over the horizon , and their coats glistened in the orange rays .
the small backyard had a patio table and chairs with a gaudy orange , yellow and purple umbrella , a bbq and a rock garden along the edge of the back fence .
there 's some funky music playing from the ceiling and seth bobs his head as he walks to a shelf and picks up a hideous orange and brown scarf .
the liveliness of the campus yard surges around us and yellow and orange leaves skitter across the dying grass .
sighing , i force myself out of the memory and return my attention to what 's under the pile of candy canes and pick up the orange bottle .
catching a glimpse of sean 's eyes , i see what level of screwed i am , and it 's well into orange or defcon 1 , depending on how you look at it .
the sun is creeping over the horizon , lazily spilling orange and pink streaks across the sky .
` ` i want you to break , '' i whispered , my head on his chest , my eyes focused absently on an orange tree .
we sped in the direction of veracruz , where the city lights were casting a dull orange glow on the bottoms of the storm clouds .
it was n't long until we came to a very high , very round building done up in pinks , oranges and blues .
it 's getting dark fast ; the sun is barely peeking over the landscape now , leaving everything bathed in fading orange and pink and purple .
big bay windows let in the morning sun , the leaves outside were just starting to turn orange and rust .
* * * the leaves fluttered outside , their oranges and browns floating to the ground and turning the grass to gold .
chapter 30 present day the afternoon sun transformed the world into a kaleidoscope of orange and red as it filtered through the autumn leaves .
` ` well , it 'll go nicely with your new wardrobe addition , '' the dark - haired one said , handing me a bright orange jumpsuit .
i did n't think i 'd ever seen the sun rise before and i watched as pinks and greens , yellows and oranges danced and disappeared over the incredible landscape .
her eyes widened and i placed a small orange paper box with gold filigree on the top .
i opened my eyes and stared out the dark side window , watching the thick , green trees blur past me , an odd orange glow cast upon them from the numerous streetlamps on the freeway .
the leaves of the trees were a brilliant orange and red , and quivered slightly in the soft breeze .
glancing over to my ugly orange couch , he tilted his dark head .
a cigarette cherry glowed in the darkness , an angry orange eye .
in the harsh orange light his features looked stark , mask - like .
now , if i looked really hard , i could see the bright orange and red glow morphing and shifting in the distance .
on the sofa , a huge orange tabby cat regarded me with characteristic feline apathy before hopping down and stalking to the door .
looking down at my jeans and off - the - shoulder orange top , i ask , ` ` what 's wrong with what i have on ? ''
the lighting fills the hall with an orange glow .
black tablecloths cover the high top tables , displaying tall vases filled with different assortments of flowers in whites and oranges .
he 's dressed as a prisoner in a bright orange jumpsuit .
next to her is a man dressed as batman , and next to him is a man in all orange .
we sit together in silence until the sun is shining brightly through the blinds , filling the room with a natural orange glow .
we pull into a driveway lined with small bushes and large flowers in bright pinks , yellows , reds , and oranges .
dark brown eyes , similar to hers , but with little specks of orange in them .
the setting sun changed the horizon to beautiful shades of orange and red and the wind that blew across the water had a frosty chill .
looking casual and cool in cargo shorts and an orange faded tee - shirt that fits him well as he holds his phone up high and plays my favorite song .
early morning sunlight streaked across it , making it a swirling mixture of blues , pinks , and oranges .
the sun got about its business of setting orange over the los angeles skyline , a sight i took for granted during the early shift .
in the case of the stock , the city had darkened beneath us as much as it ever would , and the sky was a burnt orange with reflected light .
the yellow and black sign faded orange in the dimming light .
it was decorated in brick red , terracotta and cream with hints of turquoise , purple , golden yellow and sun burnt orange .
the food was fabulous , the decor gorgeous - dark wood , cream leather seats with hints of lime green and bright orange .
she 'd already finished a tray and they were lightly dusted with cocoa powder and showered with orange - flavored sugar and chocolate sprinkles .
once i got over the orgasmic taste sensation of chocolate cake and whipped mocha frosting with a hint of orange , i took in my tiny office .
tracy and i had painted the walls white but i 'd had the guy at the hardware store squirt a hint of orange in the paint so the white had warmth to it .
she 'll have her shit sorted exactly as she wants it before she finishes buttoning up her orange jumpsuit . ''
she splashed me in yellows and oranges ; she turned my black soul into a riot of rainbows .
the flickering gold and oranges of the fire danced across her skin , making her look like she burned with need .
my black ensemble set off the gold , yellow , and burnt orange of her layers upon layers .
jethro let me go , pointing toward the faded yellow settee with purple and orange throw cushions .
the chandelier above painted us with golds and burnt oranges from the tinted crystals .
the bed beckoned , raised on a two - step pedestal with the most incredible painting of pinks and oranges above .
the glass depicted a bare forest - tree skeletons in burnt oranges , browns , and blacks .
the reds and oranges mixed together in a fiery scene of passion and rage , her innermost sensations as she thought of the pain and hurt of her current situation .
the bright oranges and reds chased away the dark black of the night .
reds and oranges and yellows exploded on the canvas .
luke had rocked her world so hard she had n't just seen stars , she 'd actually felt like a human kaleidoscope shifting form again and again , from formations of pinks to purples and reds , yellows and oranges , blues and greens .
she was dressed in a tie - dye shirt , the orange almost matching the shade he was wearing .
he had n't called her that since she was a child , when he told her that the reddish orange highlights in her hair reminded him of ripe peaches .
i was leaning towards dark oranges and whites . ''
towards the back of the dining space , there is a secluded table that 's covered in burnt orange and white flowers with dark , rich greenery .
looking down at the wide , burnt orange , satin sash that 's draped around my waist and down my hips , he shakes his head , holding the two ends and says , ` ` what do i do with this ? ''
i hold out my hand for his mask - a golden etched mask with large contrasting burnt orange and deep red swirls of flame .
i stop for a moment to take everything in : the dark room is flanked with fire - burning rustic lanterns lining the walls , lavish orange and red flowers and greenery filling the tables , people dressed in their finest gowns and tuxes , and masks that reflect the theme - devils , harlequins , studded black leather , and of course my own black metal mask .
alex opens one , and everything is color coordinated inside - yellows next to oranges .
they serve the next course , which is a chicken breast in some sort of orange sauce , garnished with parsley .
on the horizon , jane noticed the sun dipping into the water , filling the sky with brilliant shades of orange and pink .
while my mother is ` ` darling '' this and ` ` darling '' that , and works in her free time as a school counselor , entirely pro bono , adam 's mom is this take - no - prisoners criminal attorney who dyes her brown hair bright orange because she thinks it 's ' feisty ' ; his dad is a second - grade teacher for children with learning disabilities .
` ` milk , orange juice , or apple ? ''
once , just to see what would happen , he wore a bright orange knitted ski cap to a party and the following week he counted more than three dozen people on campus wearing orange ski caps .
splashes of pink and strokes of muted orange waved back at the sky from the surface of snow melt .
i drew off my cigarette again , the end of it turning bright orange as it burned away to ash .
i drew on the cigarette again , the end of it glowing bright orange in response , and then pulled it away from my mouth and expelled the smoke .
the sun exploded into a myriad of pinks and oranges as its rays streaked the skies and tinted the clouds .
the room also had two kayaks , one lime green and the other orange , leaning against one corner and a row of plants that lined up on the long windowsill .
the reds , oranges , and purples of the sky caught in the clouds to give the night a magical glow as the sun set behind waldron island .
right at the top , she could sit down and enjoy the orange becoming pink , then purple , until finally darkness arrived .
when she returned , she brought along a box in shades of orange .
the sun was coming up , spreading over the trees in waves of crimson and orange .
the shafts of light that sparkled through the stable windows cast a soft orange glow around her , emphasizing the sheen of her hair , the glitter hidden in her eyes and the silver layers of her gown .
and the way she had stood in front of the windows , bathed in the orange of the horizon , was a most glorious sight to behold .
the bar area looked like a las vegas lounge in the 1970s , with browns and oranges and retro decorationsand i did nt mean retro as in , old style but new stuff and super hipthe place was in bad need of renovation .
she had started with a straightforward apple chutney then began to experiment with whatever was in season , she made rhubarb chutney , green tomato chutney , tomato and marrow chutney , an orange chutney which everyone said was delicious with roast duck and even red and green pepper chutney .
it was just after sunset , the sky streaked with orange and purple , with a hint of light beneath a bank of clouds on the horizon .
the outer rim were a dark orange , almost copper and the inner rim was a light orange , they were beautiful and unnatural .
the outer rim were a dark orange , almost copper and the inner rim was a light orange , they were beautiful and unnatural .
the sky possessed a yellow / orange glow that matched the leaves i d tracked home with me .
the only way i see this ending is me in an orange jumpsuit sitting on an unsanitary pot in a dark , rat - infested cellar .
i d started to dress like amara , and we matched in long flowing gowns , hers a deep burnt orange , mine an emerald green .
she paused , turning her head to stare out at the park , now illuminated by the fading gold and orange of sunset .
a fire rippled like a wave in the heater , flickering orange and blue through the sooty glass , and the room burbled with conversation and laughter .
with the setting sun painting the sky in oranges and reds , it was the perfect backdrop as they wandered down the steps .
by the time eli finally got old red rubbed down , returned to the corral and his tack put away , an orange glow outlined the eastern ridge .
i looked out the window , and noticed the bright orange , purple and indigo colored sky .
then the sun began to dip below the foothills , setting the skyline on fire with reds , oranges and purples .
simones bright red hair dulled to an orange .
my name is natalie johnson , said a heavyset lady with a ponderous stomach and hair of the brightest orange lynna had ever beheld .
she enjoyed the bright orange , yellow , and green parrots , cuckoo birds , pelicans , and ever present hummingbirds that fluttered through the trees .
by the time she returned the sun had disappeared in an orange glow behind the mountains .
the strengthening spring was pushing dusk later and later now , and the four of them pulled into the pizzerias gravel parking lot just as the waning sunset was descending into its deep orange and purple death throes .
pressing her hands on the pale orange that flared from her hips she frowned .
glancing at the sky , he could see the sun was saying her goodbye to the daylight , gifting the world with a magnificent display of golds , reds and oranges that accented the ring of autumn trees surrounding them .
yellows and oranges later .
yellows and oranges became reds and pinks .
the way the snake evolves and the flowers sort of burst from the body , i get a fantastic idea for golds , greens , blues , and a fire - orange color for the roses .
the black night sky was now that of a burnt orange as the flames reached for the stars , growing taller and taller .
kristen 's eyes continued to pan around the area , focusing in on the black - orange figures of people gathered around the field .
as the bonfire smoldered its way to red - orange embers and the bright orange became a rusty hue , the night began toning down .
two stories tall with sheer plate glass windows stretching from the floor to the ceiling , angling at the top to show the burnt auburn reds and oranges of the polished cedar logs that formed this miraculous log home .
it was only orange juice .
bandings of gold and pink and orange streaked the morning sky dawn sent out advance notice of its appearance .
blind sights my own kind making connections in an orange glow change of plans in unexpected places variations doubts and darkness lgbtq helplines and resources about the author also by kira harp future , imperfect ~picture prompt : two young men stand on either side of a tall chain - link fence .
# # # # in an orange glow ~picture prompt : the smooth , calm surface of the sea reflects the brilliant sky , a wash of gold and orange light across the scene .
flames , licking upward , hungry white - orange many - fingered hands reaching to turn the world to ash and cinders .
over the flat , shifting surface of the ocean , the sun was rising , an orange glow that was soft and steady .
it was small and cluttered , but artsy , with one wall painted turquoise blue , the other crimson red and another tangerine orange .
it was early morning when she awoke with the dusty orange glow of sunrise fading out the dark windows .
the mans black hair had streaks of dark orange .
pure white flowers with large petals and pink centers peppered the path , giving off a fragrance that was like orange blossoms mixed with vanilla .
light shone from the windows of the castle like a warm beacon and behind it , a boundless lake , so still it mirrored the pinks and blues and oranges of the sunset sky .
the orange hat she wore instead of the vest ( because orange was nt her color ) tilted to one side of her head .
i expect all of the grains to be pale white , but through the microscope , they are a myriad of colors , ranging from onyx black , amber orange , blood red , cyan blue , rose pink , sparkling silvers , and cloud white , all intermixed .
holding it up , it is nt much to look at in the dim room , but the fire casts an orange glow on it .
her gaze lingered on a heavy bucket of wild orange poppies before she walked inside .
the sun neared the horizon , making the metal stars burn with an orange glow .
the trees littered leaves on the street , paving the road with auburn and gold and deep orange .
people streamed out onto the lawn , faces turned up to the mountain as an orange glow lit the sky .
she opened her eyes and watched a giant orange butterfly flap its heavy wings in lazy circles above her .
the sun was setting , the mud walls tinged orange , when a man emerged from the cement building .
she turned her face up as an orange glow invaded the dark sky and the earth rumbled to life .
obnoxious orange and bright blue with that smarmy bastards mug attached to billboards and television advertisements .
as they left the church parking lot and entered the quiet residential street , john switched on the tractors headlights and flashers , sending an arc of white light before the tractor , flashing orange around the tractor and its driver , and flashing red directed back toward the bales and the wagon and its passengers .
john stood amidst his orange flashing and faced the wagon from his lofty perch , looking all the world like a backwoods politician about to deliver a stump speech .
sally , you have a bright orange aura , and alice , your aura is red with specks of black in it , but it used to be lilac .
after putting in my white earbuds and selecting the wakeup playlist from my orange ipod , i set off for the campus bookstore , a.k.a .
what should have been blurs of dark greens , reds , and oranges , were crisp outlines of wet leaves , rocks , and the creatures among them .
the blueberry and bearberry bushes showed off their bright oranges and reds , while fireweed stretched out here and there in purplish hues .
i waived his toy at him , an orange stuffed baby monkey , before tossing it back .
i tugged on one of my thick orange strings of my hoodie , trying to make it even with the other one , when emma strolled into the kitchen .
the night sky gave way to morning splendor : purples , oranges , yellows , and other brilliant hues left marissa breathless .
the boat shed chosen to draw was a grizzled one with scabrous paintwork and a superstructure dark orange with decay .
she had packed fresh hard - crusted rolls , a bunch of grapes , a couple of plump orange - red tomatoes , a thick slice of sweet , semi - soft cheese , and a small , but sinful creme pastry that she could n't resist on her local shopping tour .
the elf murmured a prayer to his gods and nocked his bow as the boar snuffled among the trees , gobbling orange fungus and fallen apples .
its deep brown wood framed shop front , orange and cream striped awing and the broad shop sign with clios coffee blazoned in bold orange lettering gave the whole establishment a warm and friendly atmosphere .
unlike her first attempt , the ball stayed on the table and rolled a few inches before knocking into a solid orange ball .
with one enemy down , she turned her sights on the solid orange one again .
bridget loaned sarah a black dress to wear to the funeral held at bruton church , and rose was laid to rest in the cemetery next to it under a beautiful orange colored maple tree in all of its fall glory .
in the backyard , more rose bushesranging in color from deep crimson over fiery orange to pale yellowmingled with perfectly - formed hedges and a lilac tree with a bench beneath it .
she is very presentable , mama adle the sunset was casting beautiful hues of oranges and pinks through the chandelier .
he glanced over at pete , who stared at the wall of orange and red .
after a colorful twilight of pinks and oranges , the sun finally set leaving a black , black night .
as sergei and yuri sat vigil outside the expansive storehouse in tense silence , the sun began its descent into the frozen horizon line , relinquishing its weak grip on the day and surrendering in shades of deep orange and salmon to darkening breadths of violet sky .
pure gold illuminated the skyline melding into shades of orange and intensifying as it swelled , blending hues of rich pink and purple then deepening to violet as it shepherded night to day .
its many striking edges were not softened by the shades of gold and orange , but intensified .
the sun had just retreated into the horizon line in brilliant shades deep orange and salmon to darkening breadths of violet sky .
as his red rage faded to a calmer orange , and a light , cleansing rain began misting around him , he realized he was even more of an idiot than he had thought .
their eyes turned that familiar shade of predatory orange and their faces stretched while their mouths filled with razor - sharp teeth .
spring , green and yellow , summer , blue and pink , fall , orange and red , winter , white and black .
it was a concrete building with four floors , the room was small , in the short corridor , there was light floor with white walls , a small bedroom was in front of it , also with light floor , with an orange arpet in the middle of it , with white walls and to beds what were pushed together , where there were hite pillows with white bedspread and sheet , and , next to these , there were two light brown , wood bedside tables .
the ghird white door looked out on a spare room with light brown , shining floor , with a yellow carpet in the middle of this , with two - orange - covered beds , where were two orange pillowes what were leanded against the wall , there was a yellow bedside table between these , with two drawers and with a cabinet under these , and its handles had the same colour , and there was a flower on it , in a pot .
the tall orange tree was in full bloom .
teagan waved her hand and the obvious orange talons had tiny rhinestones affixed to the tips .
sundown was in a couple of hours and the blue sky was already showing hints of orange that would be the main color along the coastline .
just as teagan set her orange ball down on the emerald green astroturf to navigate a pair of dwarf palm trees , a handsome young man wearing the white polo shirt of an employee strolled over .
but then with this orange chicken it 'd taste great on a paper plate . ''
she returned her orange chicken to the container and then looked in the bag .
shots of people holding neon orange golf clubs and wearing casual attire of t - shirts and shorts , hitting neon orange golf balls around water traps .
not four feet from me , an orange glow was fading away as a figure materialised and growled in his beard .
as the ground came to claim us , a curious orange haze suddenly engulfed us .
the deep orange of the tree next to me reminds me of halloween .
a faint orange glow comes through the window from the streetlights below .
the streetlamp on the corner threw its orange glow into the room , the decorative window bars casting a checkerboard shadow over the family portrait that hung on the opposite wall .
she looked out the window and saw the autumn - colored orange , yellow , and red leaves on the trees flash by , but it was hard to enjoy the sight when she was freezing her butt off .
her lips had been painted in a bright orange color .
manager brody was dressed in his usual hawaiian shirt ( an orange and red one this time ) , board shorts and flip - flops .
the whole situation took on a dreamlike , surreal quality until debra turned a corner and the hills in front of them were on fire great licks of orange and yellow danced on the ground , jumping from bush to tree , grapevine to fence .
by the time the sun was setting and the sky cast orange and amber , i felt a presence .
when the sun arose in a vivid orange , i looked to victor and saw him staring at me .
it still , he figured , technically counted as her signature pink even though there was a hefty amount of orange mixed in with it .
the sun was barely peeking over the horizon , painting the ranch houses front windows a pale orange , like candle glow .
the woman had her hair styled in a mohawk and dyed a bright orange .
flossie stood on the porch , a large orange and white cat twining around her legs .
now for the fun part , add an entire bottle of orange vodka , a bottle of gin , a bottle of triple sec , a bottle of bacardi white rum , a bottle of tequila , an entire carton of lemonade , a carton of pink lemonade , a small bottle of orange juice , and to keep things authentic a couple of cans of coca cola !
most demons had red or yellow eyes , but not gold with flecks of orange and silver in them .
i was wondering if i could have some more water or maybe orange juice and some more ice to chew onyou know you used to say that helped settle your stomach . ''
the sun was just setting over the lake and it was making the most beautiful swirls and shades of red and orange .
but now , as the sun set along the horizon of lake wakatipu , showing off its brilliant orange hue on the lakeside , caroline had finally voiced her tiredness and asked to retire to her room .
and then we had guys suffering from the effects of agent orange .
he lit a burner on the stove and in minutes whipped up dehydrated scrambled eggs , accompanied by more crackers and something resembling orange juice .
it first created a warm yellow and gold glow before painting the sky in striking hues of pink , lavender , orange and red , each yielding to the next , eventually giving into deep indigo and finally black .
even the carpet was an ugly orange .
she took a swallow of sticky orange soda and tried to picture someone anyone other than jude in that seat .
they stood , looking out over the valley below covered in a patchwork of deep reds , oranges , and golds .
it seemed to be a mixture of sandalwood and lavender with some orange and eucalyptus mixed in .
just as he d expected , she was a beautiful orange tabby , big for a domestic cat , as most of their kind were , but a good bit smaller than he was .
the dusty windows let the last bit of the days light through , sending the colors turning into orange and red .
as if this middle - aged bumpkin in a hideous orange parka and army green trousers that looked like his dog had chewed them would know anything about color and design .
` ` you should n't have , '' ezra grabbed the one with his name scratched on it with magic marker and eagerly tore off the paper to expose a hand - knit burgundy scarf with thin orange stripes .
darcy set alicia down on her feet , straightening her clothes she was wearing a new tot - sized orange puffer vest with multi - toned orange and white tartan trousers and leather boots .
riding winnie would ve probably rearranged the dress to a more suitable design , adding a little road dirt could only improve the horrible orange color .
i m pretty sure he could figure out something that rhymed with orange , even if its in a foreign language , i replied .
her eyes were like molten gold with flecks of orange and red in their depths .
he flashed me a smile i was sure he thought made him look slick and debonair , but it did nt have the effect on me he was hoping for , because the only thing i could focus on was the shimmering deep red swirled together with a bright shade of orange surrounding him .
his eyes trailed over me as the red flecks of glitter darkened and spread through the orange even more .
the red was now practically dimming out the vibrant orange i figured was his usual aura color .
bright 1970s orange .
james slumped his shoulders as he jabbed his orange chicken with a fork .
she s wearing bright orange !
she snipped the orange bailing twine with a pocket knife and together she and bud kicked the bale over onto the ground .
the sculpture he 'd discovered in mahan 's studio sat snugly in a crate wedged in the closet with a string of orange bailing twine .
the leaves on the trees were changing from light and dark greens to bright golds , oranges and reds .
now she compared the sunrise coming up in central south africa to the one she admired over the atlantic as the brilliant star bathed the earth in a spectrum of oranges and yellows .
just the gull perched on its spindly orange legs with feathers ruffling backwards in the light breeze .
i leaned against a tree trunk , mesmerized by the yellowish - orange fruit , and picked a handful .
the sun had just begun its ascent over the horizon line and crept over the treetops behind brilliant hues of orange and pink as it slowly edged out the navy night sky .
the numbers on the dial pad lit up orange , and i poised my fingers over it to dial ... ... but i did n't have a number to call .
she reached into her big tote bag , pulled out a bright orange folded paper bird , and set it on the table next to the almonds .
he broke the eye contact first , turning to grab the ugly orange recliner and shove it next to the couch .
you said that you liked the color orange because it reminded you of the sunset .
the walls donned a deep orange and showcased two original paintings by lucy .
it had pink legs and a big orange beak .
' beaks have three colours , legs are orange - mostly during the breeding season .
everything was in full bloom , trees everywhere awash in a broad palette of pinks and purples and oranges and white .
the trees had turned a golden orange and some leaves had already fallen to the lawn .
it was outlined in black , with the sand inside a burnt orange hue .
the brown and green made her almost glad to see the burnt orange table and chairs peeking out of the kitchen .
he saw grath stalking back and forth impatiently , a hulking , jet black beast with eyes that glinted orange in the dimness .
wild splashes of vibrant orange , purple and red covered the grassy and lichened meadows .
he kicked lazily at burnt orange - colored leaves .
the container had tilted open in its paper bag , and there was a pool of bright orange sauce on the carpet under his desk .
she slipped off the stool , automatically arching her spine , her silky top a river of orange as it flowed into place over her white slacks .
the amazing orange of the sky as the sun started to sink below the horizon calmed her and made her feel as if she might just be able to get through this evening .
in the far corner and beneath several fig trees , a long table was covered in a brilliant orange tablecloth , the tabletop decorated simply with a narrow line of tiny blue bottles of different shapes and sizes .
the last thing i see before everything turns black is the astonished look on madison 's face , backlit by the red - and - orange glow of the taxi fire .
i shake my head and put my orange foam earplugs in .
she carefully picked up the pretty little orange kitten and cuddled it to her breast .
the setting sun lay somewhere off to the side , but the sky in front of me contained a myriad of oranges and yellows .
she smelled beer and wax , and the gooey orange cheese - a personal favorite - from the nachos someone munched on in the next lane .
to the right , a giant portrait of a beautiful sunset filled with pinks and oranges , hung above a marble fireplace in the cozy area .
jody looked up from the mirror and blinked , the lashes on her right eye describing a starlike clockwork orange pattern against her pale skin .
a pool of fire and unexploded diesel fuel spread out across the water , illuminating the whole area with a dancing bright orange .
he tried to force himself to mist , failed , then swam toward the orange glow at the surface , thinking , the boy dies first , then a new suit .
chapter 35 sculptures sunset cast a warm orange across the great pyramid , while below , the emperor enjoyed a cappuccino on a concrete bench and bummer and lazarus battled for the remains of a three - pound porterhouse .
i 'd chosen a lime - green yarn and accented the cuffs and button bands with bright orange .
done in pinks , oranges , aqua blues that matched her eyes and shades of purple and green .
the ladies were dressed in casual cruise wear , including straw hats , walking shorts , deck shoes , and their bright orange pfds .
eight it was a lovely saturday morning , and the blustery winds of october blew orange and yellow leaves around the waterfront and the cedar cove farmers ' market .
it was fierce , angry , red , shooting out flames in gold , purple and orange satin against a background that incorporated trees , water and winding roads .
a vibrant blue , green , brown and burnt orange .
that 's the orange in the sky : flames .
behind the black trees and gunmetal gray lake , the sky is awash in layers of color - fuschia , lavender , neon orange .
there are people all around me , too , dressed in orange , moving in and out and around me like dancers .
11 he 'd been going deer hunting , though , he 'd have been wearing either a cap or a hunting vest in bright orange .
the sun cast orange rays through the trees and across his face .
more cluttered the tables and the floor , some rested on furniture the hues of the earth and the sky at sunset : mahogany , sand , azure , burnt orange .
night had fallen by now , the city bathed in shadows and an orange glow from street lights and cafe noise .
joan tucked her graying , chin - length hair behind one ear , pulled out the orange , 1970s cast - off office chair and sat down .
a few held on to brilliant swatches of reds , oranges , and yellows , which blurred together into an image even monet would have appreciated .
textured concrete walls supported a flat orange metal roof .
chubby and wearing orange dungarees - do n't know why mom ever thought you 'd win any of those baby pageants . ''
the sun had just peeked over the horizon , a burnt orange glow lighting a pink sky , when they reached the grove of aspens where the truck was parked .
the light to the west created a kaleidoscope of oranges and greens behind my eyelids , and i absorbed the delusion of this neighborhood that i existed around but not in .
the shocking whites of trevor 's eyes against the orange glow .
` ` i ' ve dyed mine orange , chopped it o .
then , when they were almost at the foot of the steep stairs , they wound around a bend in the rocks and froze as the sparks from a wild orange blaze nally came into view .
the day 's last rays of light danced o thin sheets of cloud , staining the ocean orange , pink , and pastel blue .
it was brilliant orange and waning , a quiet blaze .
they did n't glide across the stained orange carpet ; they thumped .
a fat orange cat prowling the mantel , hissing at the radiator .
she and the rest of the decorations committee had done a beautiful job : red - and - orange silk leaves had been strewn across the long white tablecloths , fresh - baked dinner rolls were arranged inside gold - painted cornucopias , heat lamps took the edge o the brisk ocean breeze .
it was brimming with the glossy orange owers .
it came in the third season of their secret courtship , as the world around them turned toward fall and the greens of summer burned away in a riot of flaming oranges and reds .
there were sliced duck served over cabbage , whole hares that had been roasted on spits , cauldrons of baby cauliflowers with a bright orange sauce , high - piled platters of apples , pears , and dried currants harvested from the surrounding forests , and a whole long wooden table filled with misshapen , half - burned pies of meat and fruit .
it was a massive , commanding chapel with a pale orange exterior and bright white trim around its windows and its large dome .
they stayed low enough to the ground that the muted orange glow of sodium lampposts looked like airport runway lights .
i looked around and saw a small orange glow fall to the ground then get put out under a boot before grant stepped out of his hiding spot .
dean rolled his eyes behind his sunglasses and watched a pretty lady lead a cute little girl with blond curls and an orange sundress out onto the patio by the hand .
he glanced behind her to the parking lot basking in an orange glow from the spattering of tall lights , terrified evy could show up for that last kiss at any second .
the fire was almost dead ; only a faint orange glow remained .
the sticky - looking orange glow from the bare outdoor bulb highlighted her wrinkles , caused bags under her eyes .
` ` those pumpkin - shaped ones with the orange frosting and green sprinkles ? ''
the weird thing was that there was a gas fireplace in the wall , and bright orange and blue flames sent heat splashing toward her .
darkness crept over the land , muting the vivid oranges and warm browns of the woods surrounding them .
the sun had set , and beautiful , rich reds and oranges in the sky cast a warm shimmer over the water .
note after note hit me : rose , violet , sandalwood , orange , vanilla , orchid ... by the time i was finished , my nose barely worked anymore .
when we emerged from the mall 's front , i breathed a sigh of relief to see that the sun was still out , though it was steadily sinking into the horizon and casting orange and red light onto the buildings .
today he was wearing bright orange , a color that should have clashed horribly with his red hair but somehow did n't .
dawn 's ribbons of red and orange streaked across the sky before she could say the same .
` ` when we ran out of milk , which we did frequently , i 'd use orange juice . ''
a very pretty , very feminine , large white tray with food , orange juice , and what appeared to be a cocktail on it .
the trees of the city had changed color and were now dappled in gold and yellow and brilliant orange and red .
he 'd left her a continental breakfast and a note that was propped up against a wine glass filled with orange juice .
the flickering orange glow visible through the gaps around the portal was ominous .
the huge orange orb reflected and shimmered on the water , sending fingers of fire racing across the still ocean .
all the usual pastels - pink and blue , as well as the less popular green and yellow - were available , but in the intervening years since i 'd been near a cotton candy machine , they 'd discovered neon orange , blue , green , purple , as well as silver and black .
mist still shrouded the tips of the mountains , pink and gold and orange swirling through the wash of green and blue .
the sun was only just creeping its way over the horizon , a distant ball of orange painting the sky in shades of gold and amber .
` ` where 's my orange hoodie ?
mila wore her usual work outfit : a thigh - length tee shirt , a green canvas apron ( designed to camouflage her weight ) , and jeans tucked into orange rubber boots .
she waved , smiling brightly , wearing a big flannel shirt over jeans tucked into bright orange rubber boots .
bright orange and blue flames danced across a tepee of logs , sending off waves of heat , and yet still he was cold .
mahogany , sand , azure , burnt orange - the room both eased and energized .
a purgatory of browns , oranges , and avocado - greens .
twilight pushed thick shadows through the orchard and drizzled orange remnants of light atop the bunkhouse 's pointed roof .
clay headed down the hallway to the elevators and that 's as far as he got , because the elevator opened , and like some apparition that he had manifested through his own sheer will , out stepped wanda jane coblenz , wearing an ugly orange jumpsuit and carrying a plastic bag that said ` ` allenberg county jail '' on it .
our view of the cathedral was getting clearer , its domes shining amber and orange in the setting sun .
it flared orange before fading out , leaving a wisp of smoke .
that evening , lil stood at the top of the stairs in a sleeveless , floor length orange dress , wondering if she had chosen her attire wisely .
the two small orange tips of his cigarettes were the only light around us .
and from hyde 's classroom , things did seem connected : the trees seemed to clothe the hill , and just as i would never think to notice a particular cotton thread in the magnificently tight orange tank top alaska wore that day , i could n't see the trees for the forest - everything so intricately woven together that it made no sense to think of one tree as independent from that hill .
she talked softly and thoughtfully , like she was telling me a secret , and i leaned in toward her , suddenly overwhelmed with the feeling that we must kiss , that we ought to kiss right now on the dusty orange couch with its cigarette burns and its decades of collected dust .
i thought we were in the clear as we began to round the corner of the bleachers , but then i saw , out of the corner of my eye , a cylindrical orange object getting bigger and bigger , like a fast - approaching sun .
she shuffled her feet to kick up dry orange dirt on the road to the bridge , seeming not to walk so much as cross - country ski .
the colonel was trying hard to look tough - ready for whatever kevin might do - but it 's hard to look tough when you 're only wearing an orange towel .
in the black - and - white photograph , she 's wearing her orange tank top and cutoff jeans that stretch halfway down her skinny thighs , her mouth open wide in a frozen laugh as her left arm holds takumi in a headlock .
under - powered street lamps provide dim orange illumination , leaving this snow - globe city smothered in shadows .
he held an orange chain in his hand , and she saw old yeller sitting beside him with a quiet dignity that bespoke of purebreds and not mutts .
the rich colors of burnt orange , scarlet , and gold shimmered in welcome from the pine floors to the colorful pasta bowls and trays hand painted in bright tones .
a fiery mingling of burnt orange and scarlet red rose , emanating sparks of fury , killing the remaining dark .
first he noticed a bright orange , gold and bronze afghan draped over the back of the sofa , with matching pillows tucked at the corners .
to make matters worse , he 'd decked himself out in a sweet potato - orange plaid shirt and pants the color of a rotten eggplant .
a tall guy to begin with , mitchell presently looked like a giant popsicle in his neon orange parka , complete with a bright orange knit cap .
a tall guy to begin with , mitchell presently looked like a giant popsicle in his neon orange parka , complete with a bright orange knit cap .
then there were the fuzzy orange earmuffs .
with all that orange padding he would n't feel a thing .
putting on the orange parka , the orange knit hat with the pom - pom , and the earmuffs was a humiliating experience .
her attention was drawn like a moth to the flame of a giant orange parka positioned right by the door .
to her dismay , mitchell sat in a chair at the same table and proceeded to take off his orange hat and orange coat .
` ` i guess dave must have convinced ernie to let him use his plow , '' ally said , as a rusty orange tractor appeared on the far end of town and started scooping drifts out of the way .
with another flash of those searchlight - bright teeth , he chugged away on his orange tractor .
he took off his nerdy orange parka .
betsy had tried to get him to take the other , nicer one , but he 'd thought it was a complete waste , so he 'd worn the godawful orange coat , much to pete 's amusement .
he gazed upward at the row of lifeboats hanging there , each covered in a bright orange tarp .
a fire danced orange in the black hearth , and for once she felt warmed by it .
the sun setting made a beautiful orange cast on the horizon as the day slowly became evening .
reaching into her purse , krysta pulled out a bottle , shook out three orange pills and handed them to lydia , who gulped them down in one big swallow .
dusk was settling in and she watched a group of kids , no older than eight or nine , run past with sparklers in their hands , the orange sparks catching her eye and turning into a thin orange line of light as they trailed down to the ocean , which had been shimmering when she and krysta had pulled in but started to fade to the grayish orange - pink shade as the sun went down .
dusk was settling in and she watched a group of kids , no older than eight or nine , run past with sparklers in their hands , the orange sparks catching her eye and turning into a thin orange line of light as they trailed down to the ocean , which had been shimmering when she and krysta had pulled in but started to fade to the grayish orange - pink shade as the sun went down .
dusk was settling in and she watched a group of kids , no older than eight or nine , run past with sparklers in their hands , the orange sparks catching her eye and turning into a thin orange line of light as they trailed down to the ocean , which had been shimmering when she and krysta had pulled in but started to fade to the grayish orange - pink shade as the sun went down .
beside the three empty plates were glasses of milk and orange juice .
in the kitchen , they sat at the big plank table and ate store - bought macaroni and cheese until their skin took on the orange glow of whatever passed for cheese in that little white packet .
the sheriffs of orange and rowan counties still boast office - but their corruption is so well known that no one may depend upon them , save those whose interest is invested in them .
the fresher fungi were still bright , though , deep orange and meaty .
it was n't quite dark yet ; streaks of orange and gold and rose lit the sky to the west , and touched his face with a fiery light .
it was still raining onshore , but out to sea , the sky was mostly clear , and the setting sun behind her spilled a burnt , bloody orange over sky and water through black streaks of shattered cloud .
there was something in his hand ; the last of the light gleamed orange on glass .
she was dressed for walking , in boots , jeans , and sweater , but she 'd added the brilliant orange and blue silk scarf frank had brought her from paris , just before his death two years before .
the small , dark figures ran toward the wood , the fire of their pine torches streaming backward , flaring orange in the cold , damp wind .
` ` turn it the other way - walter cronkite 's orange ! ''
the sun was sinking , painting the surface of the water gold and orange , and bugs were beginning to gather as the afternoon cooled into evening .
the sky was a pale purple - gray , shot with streaks of orange over the mountains .
the sandy roads , scrub - pine forests , and marshy swamps of the coast were gone , replaced by thickets of cool green , by tall , thick - trunked , canopied trees , and a soft orange dirt that darkened to black mold where the dead leaves lay matted at the edge of the road .
the bread i laid out either curled and dried , or went soggy , depending on its distance from the fire ; in either case , sporting nothing but the occasional orange or pink crust : the molds that lived in the crevices of the human body .
a lightening of the dense green shadow ahead ; a brightening as tongues of sun struck autumn leaves in a flare of orange and yellow .
the clearing blurred in a throb of orange and yellow ; only instinct got him up and moving .
only the fact that river run was in the piedmont had allowed us to come to jocasta 's wedding ; down here , the woods were cloudy with blossom and crocuses popped through the earth like orange and purple dragon's - teeth , but the mountains were still cloaked in snow , the tree branches sporting swollen buds .
feeling increasingly surreal , he wandered through small pine groves , and across the edges of grassy meadows , with no company save courting birds and small gossamer butterflies in shades of orange and yellow .
looking up , he saw the sky above the mountains blazing with orange and crimson , the smoky haze lit up as though the world itself were still burning .
` ` they look like orange baseballs ! ''
it was thin , nearly weightless , and translucent , sparkling with vivid blues and oranges .
boyishly short and tousled , it blazed in shades of deep orange and seemed to radiate energy .
turning my head to take in my surroundings i noticed the room was illuminated by a faint orange glow .
he was the reason my eyes were glowing a freaky orange color and he wanted me to give him my hand ?
the large round basketball that lay on the head of his grave was made of orange carnations and black angel 's breath .
curious , i turned my head and saw a tall guy with shaggy light brown hair that curled up around the bottom and an orange ut polo shirt standing beside jay .
i watched the trees pass , the reds and oranges signaling the arrival of fal .
i crawled out from under him , seeing the bright orange glow of heat and smoke that used to be our home .
resting on the blanket , we watched the sun slowly melt into oranges and purples until it sizzled against the ocean .
the sun was beginning its descent , lighting the fieldstone and timber two - story lodge in a glow of pinks , oranges and golds .
they stopped at sunset on the young street bridge , watching the setting sun coloring the undersides of the scattered clouds in pink and brilliant orange .
the colors in it were seething , swirling in a mix of reds , oranges , and yellows .
the faded orange and yellow wallpaper had been here almost long enough to be back in style , but nothing would have brought the garish green tile back into fashion .
colors filled her vision , a swirling mass of reds and oranges with bursts of yellow sparkling in between .
like the wall , it was made of shimmering stone that reflected the pinks and oranges of the sunset .
he held up his left hand , showing zach the ring that was swirling with bright , fiery reds and oranges .
fiery colors danced in his vision , blinding him , swirling in a deep mix of reds and oranges .
she had to look hard to see any movement at all in the colors - the ring was almost completely solid red with only a hint of orange swirling around .
she let out a harsh battle cry and flames shot from her fingers , engulfing both kajmelas in a cylinder of orange and red .
outside the dirty bedroom window , the sun rose in a brilliant display of orange and pink .
the sky burned a bright orange and there were two suns blazing on the horizon .
for all she knew it would hurt or make her itch uncontrollably or turn her skin orange .
brilliant golds and oranges flowed through the tiny crack .
his reddish hair now appeared as a faint , watery orange .
even under the fluorescent lights , it glowed bright orange with a deep blue core .
she wears a simple strand of pearls and perhaps a little too much foundation in a shade that gives her an unnatural orange glow .
he had chosen a winter bouquet , and the burnt orange and violet colors seemed muted , almost mournful .
north carolina trees are beautiful in deep autumn : greens , yellows , reds , oranges , every shade in between , their dazzling colours glowing with the sun .
the oak tree was in the distance , with the sun glowing orange behind it .
in time he could see the sky glowing orange in the distance , an ungodly color in the darkness .
the leaves were dazzling in their color : reds , oranges , and yellows exploding on the branches , preparing for their final descent to the dew - covered grass .
the five concentric hearts - the highest bushes in the middle , the lowest on the outside - were bursting in reds , pinks , oranges , whites , and yellows .
i could hear my breath , feel the pressure as my feet moved over the asphalt , watch the dawn as it unfolded - at first a faint light on the horizon , an orange glow over the treetops , then the steady displacement of black by gray .
in time , the sky behind the temple began glowing red , then fanned out in vivid orange , then finally yellow .
smoke meant fire , and now she could see the flames outside the window , dancing and twisting orange .
half - carrying , half - dragging the kids back out into the hallway , she saw an orange glow , barely visible through the smoke , where theentrance to the hallway was .
the orange of a low sun gave every leaf and tree a golden , warm feel .
` ` the two with orange around them are active .
they said they 'd take you for the summer if you promised no foul language ... and agreed to wear an orange sequined miniskirt so you could help out the magician after your set . ''
a gaslight on the side of the building brightened the darkness with a shimmering orange glow as the tavern 's sign squeaked from side to side on its hinges .
at her side , stanton raised the lantern , spreading an orange glow across their surroundings .
and just over the horizon , the sun was a giant orange orb , sinking lower and lower , hanging on with a weakening grip .
the leaves are changing , bursting in pretty oranges and shades of gold .
garbed in a gown of flaming orange that was just as tight , loud , and ugly as the red dress she had been wearing when last they met , the woman eyed charlie with fascination for a moment , then glanced over her shoulder and gestured to an older woman in the hallway .
thousands of them , a meadow of fireworks stretching nearly to the steps of the cottage , a sea of red and orange and purple and blue and yellow nearly waist deep , rippling in the gentle breeze .
the yellow - orange of sugar maple , the brilliant red of sassafras , the crimson of sumac bushes .
they were dark green and amethyst , black , sulfur - yellow , pale pink and cloudy orange .
but faye was ignoring cassie completely , bending to pick up the bristling kittens , one gray and one orange , which had crawled out from under the dust ruffle .
not the clockwork orange guy .
she was wearing a brilliant orange garment that was more like a robe than a dress , and an orange headcloth like a turban .
when she looked back , silhouetted against the odd orange glow behind him , stood a man .
he unzipped it , producing an orange blanket , a pint of orange juice , and some sandwiches wrapped in plastic wrap with the crusts cut off .
he unzipped it , producing an orange blanket , a pint of orange juice , and some sandwiches wrapped in plastic wrap with the crusts cut off .
` ` what 's with all the orange ? ''
you are probably wondering why you are eating a bad cheese sandwich and drinking orange juice and why i am wearing the jersey of a dutchman who played a sport i have come to loathe . ''
this one had a neon orange filter .
suddenly the dust ruffle on the bed stirred , and out poked the face of a little orange kitten .
they were adorable kittens , the orange fluffy and spiky with baby fur , the gray sleek and tidy .
she could see veins of milky white and orange , the orange ranging from palest apricot to a rusty burnt sienna .
they were in an endless buried shaft of orange and brown and black .
the white beam was receding into a sullen orange glow .
the final paperwork sealing this marriage waited in front of him by the blob of yellow - and - orange flowers .
wearing a lightweight orange sweater set - and blue jeans - ginger landis renshaw could have been any other grandmother preparing for the holidays with her family .
ahead , the sun was a hot and furious orange ball , and more than anything , he knew his daughter needed the truth .
behind her , the sun was dropping , turning the sky a bright shade of orange .
the sun had set , leaving the sky with feathery streaks of orange crisscrossing a backdrop of navy - blue .
` ` mother , '' he said , his green eyes profoundly solemn , ` ` upon my honor i swear to you that i did not smash an orange - ` ` ` ` you lie , '' mary seethed .
and i wo n't look good in an orange jumpsuit .
i do look lovely in orange .
instead , he grabs a bright orange lifejacket and tosses it to me .
that one 's orange , '' carly said , pointing at the water .
the second mother backed away from the puddle on the floor , clutching her son 's hand - and leaving orange at the head of the line .
suzan stuck the orange candle in its own wax on the road , beside the red one .
each was a different color ; some red , some orange , some almost purple - black .
lila makes a beeline for the bar set up on the counter , dumps a drop of vodka into a cup , and mixes it with a splash of orange juice .
you sure you do n't want orange juice or something ? ''
i buy them , and a black and orange two in one waisted prom dress with asymmetric straps to go with my beautiful new shoes .
the natural light in the room had a warm orange glow to it when she woke up later and she realized it was just after dusk , meaning that she had slept for nearly five hours .
riley was right back to wondering how he would look in an orange jumpsuit .
you 're going to have to be satisfied with seeing her in an orange jumpsuit .
pinks and oranges lit up the sky , and she took it in , feeling more settled than she had in years .
a loud boom split the night , and the rearview mirror showed the brilliant flash of orange and red as jessa 's pretty house went up in a ball of hot orange flames .
a loud boom split the night , and the rearview mirror showed the brilliant flash of orange and red as jessa 's pretty house went up in a ball of hot orange flames .
a nurse dressed in orange stepped into the room .
thankfully james 's hot - water tank was larger than the meager one back in her orange county apartment .
her mother would finish up the batches of sugar cookies , then start on the oatmeal raisin cookies , the orange drops , the shortbread .
but it was sinking on the western horizon , lighting up the snow - capped mountains with an orange glow .
they resembled wolves , only with brown fur and eyes that glowed like orange fire .
with a sigh , she walked into the shadows of the room hanging over the bed and pressed her lips to her mother 's pale cheek , then followed hunter outside just as the first fingers of dawn were spreading across the sky in hues of orange and gold .
if he was half as aroused by the idea of a long , wet , hungry kiss as she was ... then , yes , she was impatient to be out of the unromantic orange of the big - box store and to reach someplace more private .
they were standing in the far corner of the club 's back parking lot , close to his jeep , the night illuminated with the flickering orange glow of a tall light post .
this was why he 'd wanted to take the corporate jet , so they would n't be dealing with the horrors of baggage claim and orange suitcases with green ribbons tied on the handle .
he was still in his work clothes , a brown leisure suit with orange topstitching .
it was six in the morning , and the sky was a gorgeous blend of aqua and orange ; already the sun was gaining strength .
nina was sitting on the stone hearth , her back to a bright orange fire .
yesterday she 'd been so exhausted she 'd added orange juice to her coffee instead of soy milk .
leo calls out to her , holding up a tiny orange carrot , more root still than vegetable .
darting strands of violet and pink and orange glowed amid all those stars .
cracked trees still bear scars from the massive ice storm that hit this area nearly six years ago , the orange and beige colors dotting the view as we get out of the suv and look around .
it 's like laura prepon in that ' 70s show and orange is the new black with a heaping dose of angelina jolie thrown in .
two no bigger than a medium - sized dog , and the bright orange one stuck its nose in his belly and started to bleat like a ... ` ` are these ... nanny goats ? ''
by the time the chartered flight had landed and jason drove them back to the house , the sun was already fighting to break over the horizon , oranges and yellows painting a hazy glow in the distance .
i did the best i could , but apparently , green plaid shorts , an orange striped shirt and cowboy boots do n't match . ''
she walked into her bedroom , studying the picasso over her headboard , this one from the artist 's rose period , a harlequin clown in oranges and pinks .
the midmorning sun climbed up the horizon in a shimmering orange haze , echoing the warm glow inside her after a night of making love with conrad .
as the sun sank low , staining the sky with the pinks and oranges of another spectacular kentucky sunset , the only sound to be heard in the mcclellan backyard was the warble of two feuding cardinals and gasps of two dying men .
the red on her dress , and the orange in her hair .
the far wall was all windows , offering a spectacular view of the chicago skyline , spattered with lights and washed in the pinks and oranges of a setting sun .
the expansive maples and oaks that surrounded schuyler 's estate were ablaze with orange and red and gold , their leaves scattered about the grass like fallen handkerchiefs .
the evening sunlight spilled through the floor - to - ceiling windows opposite , in spite of their smudges and grime , tinting the room with gold and orange , colors that continued in the autumn - themed bulletin board on one wall .
with the sun setting low behind her , he was bathed in a dozen hues of gold and orange , framed by the doorway and , thanks to the raised entry , standing even taller than usual .
i hope you look good in prison orange , sweetheart .
wow , she thought when she saw the yellow planet streaked with bits of orange and pink .
her eyes glistened in the morning light , the sun flickered in her hair , first orange then red then gold , and her cheeks had bloomed pink from the warm breeze .
a lithe youngman in powdered wig and blazing orange coat leaped to the top of a table .
a soft orange sunset cast its colors across the walls of the room and for a single moment , rafe felt nothing but contentment .
< br/ > wearing the scratchy jail clothes for the last three days had been seriously unpleasant , and he was determined to ban the color orange from his sight .