i was reaching over to pour her some orange juice when she sideswiped me .
` ` would you like some coffee or orange juice ? ''
it 's just orange juice and champagne .
he took a sip of his orange juice , contemplating what he was about to suggest .
brianna almost choked on her orange juice .
rose turned all the way around to face her , the orange she was peeling still in her hand .
he pulled out several sandwiches , some trail mix , an apple and an orange .
` ` morning , '' he said when he took in the table set with two places , the pitcher of fresh orange juice and plate fixed with his breakfast .
she took a sip of her orange juice .
she 'd thought the spinach with oranges and a sweet and sour dressing had been delicious but she did n't pay for the food or preparation .
one morning when he gave her an incredible diamond necklace , she threw on the peach silk robe and walked out to the hotel terrace where he was sipping orange juice and reading the newspaper .
my stomach churned as my eyes scanned the delicious - looking pastries and bagels , and the smoked salmon arranged around a vast selection of bacon and cheese , granola , and fresh - squeezed orange juice .
declan snagged a piece of bacon from the plate as he sat down , and i scolded him as i poured orange juice .
she smelled exactly as i remembered - like fresh oranges in summer .
the smell of oranges followed her , and i tried not to think about how much that scent affected me .
he turned back toward the cupboard and pulled out some rum and orange juice from the refrigerator .
` ` mia , did you know that you always smell like oranges ? ''
i pulled two plates from the cupboard , and i poured some freshly squeezed orange juice .
celine fixed kylie 's oatmeal and within minutes she 'd set her cereal , orange juice and banana on the table .
she was bending over to grab a bag of navel oranges from a huge bin when tessa grabbed her arm .
indie grimaced and turned her attention back to the oranges .
indie dropped the oranges into the cart and moved on to the tomatoes but out of the corner of her eye she could see tessa standing there in the aisle , glowering at her .
arie took another sip of her orange juice then began to toy with her spoon .
ten minutes later she was back with bottles of water , boxes of crackers , a couple of oranges and apples and some plums .
there was a bottle of top shelf vodka , a carafe of both orange juice and cranberry juice , and six cans of energy drinks .
she quickly poured herself a screwdriver with the orange juice there and used it to chase .
she paused , and i nodded , listening intently as i gulped down some orange juice .
he carried a breakfast tray with two plates of delicious - looking food , glasses of orange juice and a single rose in a glass bud vase .
instantly feeling hungry , i sat down and started to sip on some orange juice and within a few minutes marshall came out .
the way she put the section of orange in her mouth , the sounds , her wet lips , sent him over the edge .
in the kitchen , she made a jug of sangria , adding oranges and lemons and a sprig of mint and then stuck a paper umbrella in the top .
you survive in a way that is comfortable for you , '' he said , leaning down and kissing her neck , breathing in her fresh scent , the orange blossoms blooming in her hair and felt cleansed .
i need as many calories i can absorb to get back my energy , '' he explained as he topped everything off with two large glasses of orange juice .
i think , '' he said and finished off her scrambled eggs , then snatched her orange juice , downing the remainder in seconds .
she took the medicine , then drank as much of the orange juice as she could .
taking that and some orange juice up to the other bedroom , she found him laying on is back , one hand draped over his face .
turning to manuel who was bringing in the pitcher of reddish orange juice , he said , ` ` take the puppies and mother to give them another bath .
marsha argued for something stronger and more creative , like a soft orange .
grabbing some orange juice , she ran into sal .
she sipped fragrant tea and ate a wonderful brunch of eggs benedict , warm blueberry muffins , fresh fruit and orange juice while holding her nephew max in her arms .
christian grabbed an orange from the fruit basket and peeled it , popping a slice in his mouth .
this time he had a tray , loaded with plates and glasses of orange juice and water .
damn , he 'd become rather fond of the orange .
there was a soft light in the kitchen and i went over to grab a glass and poured myself some orange juice .
devon stared as if allison said she wanted to squeeze orange juice from an avocado .
she served her breakfast with a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice .
lecie poured herself some orange juice and sat back , sipping it as she took in the view .
she opened the refrigerator and grabbed the orange juice .
she smiled down at him as he downed his orange juice .
he poured himself a long glass of freshly squeezed orange juice and took a croissant to help pass the time in a civil manner .
it tasted of pineapple and oranges .
jenny concentrated hard on enjoying the food - delicious atlantic salmon served with a scrumptious side salad containing wedges of sweet orange and roasted pecan nuts .
she munched through the raisin toast , washed it down with the sweet orange juice and did feel better for it , more settled for listening to what fletcher had on his mind .
' something light with fruit would probably be best ... caramelised pears ... maybe simply oranges and kiwi fruit soaked in cointreau ... a palate - cleanser ... . ' tammy was supposed to take fancy breads .
another followed , bringing jugs of iced water and orange juice .
i pour another double , top it up with orange and walk onto the balcony .
i pass by the drinks dispenser and fill my styrofoam cup with chilled fizzy orange and pick up some cutlery , plastic obviously .
` ` i just like having fresh fruit in the house and it 's silly to call room service if i want an orange . ''
she asked when he 'd finished most of the orange juice .
i settled for a nine - pound orange one .
addison holds a bottle of champagne in one hand and orange juice in the other .
addison tops up her champagne with some orange juice .
it 's apples and oranges . ''
an omelet and orange juice ? ''
it 's apples and oranges .
` ` i had an orange juice and a granola bar .
eventually , we finished breakfast with two orgasms and a side of orange juice .
` ` oranges .
shocked by my realization , i looked up from the oranges and happened to catch his gaze .
he tossed an orange up in the air and then caught it again .
because i was even more opposed to an orange in the bedroom than a cucumber .
okay , maybe oranges were okay .
` ` that 's not ... '' i put a hand over my eyes and peeked through my fingers as jc began stuffing an orange in his pocket .
i grabbed the orange from his pocket and stuffed it back in the crate .
i occupied myself with straightening the oranges - straightening oranges , really ? -while i explained .
i occupied myself with straightening the oranges - straightening oranges , really ? -while i explained .
you can teach me how to- '' he reached for another orange , and i blocked him .
stealing the oranges had been his way of trying to regain his composure .
her breath was a warm breeze on his face twisted with the fragrance of alcohol and orange juice .
my mother sashays into the room , a stack of magazine clippings in one hand and an orange juice in the other .
i had a feeling she would have grown the oranges herself for him if she could have .
i knew i did n't have much experience with different men , but the experience i did have was like comparing apples and oranges .
she walked back to the living room , taking a sip of her orange juice only to inhale one then spew it out in a fit of coughing .
it felt like she was forging deeper into a tranquil paradise as they passed acres of oranges and tangerines , the fresh , tangy scent filling her .
he 'd just served her fresh watermelon , grown on the land everyone had given up as irreclaimable , among many vital crops of which she 'd seen oranges , tangerines , olives and grapes .
* * * * after dinner - greasy , cheesy pizza and sugary orange soda - jase put hunter to bed and gage went into their bedroom to change his clothes for this ted barker person and the old psychic reverend .
hunter kept brining him glasses of orange juice and individually wrapped cough drops from the time hunter had been sick .
bigsby had suggested he buy fruit at the cape to reawaken her appetite , even outrageously suggesting a few exorbitant oranges .
she snatched three oranges and two apples , stuffing them in the crook of her bent elbow , under her chin , then attempting to take three more in a jugglers grip .
she relaxed and tore into an orange .
she looked torn between answering him and eating the last section of an orange .
as the orange prevailed , he had to wait for her to finish her slow , relishing chewing .
he d brought back a bag full of fruit for herapples , oranges , these raisinsfor which he must have paid a fortune .
she tasted like sweet tea and oranges .
my brother was instructing his nephew on the proper windup for some pitch , using an orange as a prop .
jon picked another orange off the tree and lobbed it to david .
the orange smacked against the trunk , bouncing off and landing in a pile of half - green oranges collecting on the grass .
he pulled another orange off the tree and pitched it into the tree trunk .
i looked at my orange juice then at the specks of pulp on the side of the glass , as if they could help me divine what he was thinking .
his sister went into the fridge and pulled out the orange juice .
she was eyeing him over her orange juice with a hearty dose of suspicion .
` ` is there orange juice ?
jiggling on her ribs with the energy of her strides , they were no bigger than oranges but beautifully shaped and high .
in her bright gauzy skirt and skimpy summer top , she 'd resembled a sexy butterfly - lean and lithe with br**sts the size of oranges .
all i need is rest and orange juice .
as it is , i have no idea , so all i can is sit here like a freaking orange waiting to be juiced .
he drank orange juice ; she sipped her coffee .
we eat them on the patio with freshly squeezed orange juice , and as i look out over the sun - dappled lake , i ca n't help but feel like i could stay here forever .
he tasted the tangy orange on her tongue , absorbed her flavor and savored it with every swipe of his tongue over hers .
got any oranges or apples ? ''
grabbing three oranges and an apple , he headed back to the living room and tossed the first orange in the air , then the next , then the next , finally adding the apple .
grabbing three oranges and an apple , he headed back to the living room and tossed the first orange in the air , then the next , then the next , finally adding the apple .
` ` damn , casey , '' he said , quickly grabbing the three oranges mid - flight , before they spilled to the ground too .
she snapped and pointed to the oranges and the fallen apple .
he grabbed the apple , tossed it high , then threw the oranges and juggled them round and round for at least a minute , his full concentration on keeping the quartet in the air , and impressing her with this skill .
he slowed , ending the whirl , taking a bow and returning the oranges to the counter .
i let her browbeat me into eating breakfast , at least if was just fresh fruit with muesli and fresh squeezed orange juice .
it 's like squeezing orange juice out of a lemon , mr . gordon .
for lunch and the rest of the afternoon , i stayed in my office , enjoying a sandwich and a bottle of orange juice as my lunch .
` ` i need to stop thinking about him , or i 'll end up starving myself , '' i said to myself as i reluctantly called room service for a simple scrambled eggs with only freshly cracked pepper as its seasoning along with white toast and a glass of fresh orange juice .
he tossed the card back into the pile of fruit , where it landed on top of an orange before sliding down the peel to rest precariously between a kiwi and a banana .
max had arranged for breakfast to be on the flight , and about thirty minutes into the trip , we were drinking orange juice and coffee , and sharing a truly sinfully large plate of french toast with berries and cream and syrup .
` ` a little of that and some orange juice , if you have some . ''
his large hand holds my chin up and the air is filling with the smell of a cut orange .
` ` you know how you wanted that orange ?
its steamed fish garnished with fragrant orange slices , oven - roasted root vegetables and a side of creamy risotto .
the scent of orange blossoms and ginger perfumed the air from the candles on the dresser .
her smell - orange blossom and vanilla - suddenly seemed to be everywhere .
he 'd gotten less picky with food , and ate some of the hamburger and rice , a slice of bread and half a can of mandarin oranges .
he smelled like baby shampoo , orange juice and little boy .
chase closed his eyes , enjoying ava 's soft curves melting into him and smelling her orange blossom scented lotion .
` ` i am a clueless urbanite when it comes to trees - with the exception of recognizing orange and grapefruit trees . ''
bring me back a suitcase full of grapefruit and oranges .
he stalked to the fridge and grabbed the orange juice , drinking straight from the carton .
she takes a sip of her orange juice , seeming pleased by my words .
he took a drink of orange juice .
my heart pounding , i moved forward and noticed a strong scent of oranges in the air .
this smells like spoiled oranges . ''
she 's got purple coming out of her leg with blood that smells like rotten oranges .
a gift for chemistry but also art , fear of dogs , and a love for the smell of oranges .
she smiles and does a little dance as she begins slicing oranges .
he laughs , taking a bite of orange .
` ` i saw you coming and ordered you some orange juice and what you americans like to call coffee . ''
he sucks at my lips , pulling them in turn into his mouth before he gives me his tongue , tasting of orange juice and water and grapes .
there was a bowl of fruit on the table - oranges , apples , and pears - and a loaf of thick bread along with butter and cheese , and a plate beside it of what looked like ... cookies ?
i take the orange juice from him with a smile .
i must taste like orange juice , because he s certainly acting as though he s enjoying the taste .
he scrutinized my face slowly , the intense perusal missing nothing , chronicling what was most likely a nasty bruise that had the right side of my jaw swollen like an orange was shoved in my mouth .
` ` i 'll take an orange juice , '' i told him .
my eating toast and drinking orange juice was not the most important thing in the world .
` ` you should see this place in spring , with all of these navel orange trees in bloom and the air filled with this flowery - honey smell .
` ` mama 's got eighty - six acres of trees ; mostly grapefruit and navel oranges .
` ` i do n't remember tom hanks picking oranges . ''
a giant starbucks coffee - still hot - and an orange await me on my desk on monday morning with a note : black tar for a black heart .
i grab the orange and toss it at the glass where his head is .
stick a big , blond grinning ex - football player who knows about oranges into the lineup and all i hear is big bird singing , ` ` one of these things is not like the others . ''
you think just because i let you pick my oranges , you get to ask all kinds of personal questions now ? ''
i ' m not sure if he 's bothered by my question but , judging by the proud grin on his face , i ' m pretty sure his ` ` pick my oranges '' reference has nothing to do with fruit .
for there was no naked flesh , and no blood , despite the fact that miranda 's chest had been sliced open down the front , her skin peeled back on either side like the skin of an orange .
` ` can i get you some orange juice or coffee ?
` ` a hot , buttery croissant , with cafe au lait and fresh - squeezed orange juice . ''
` ` there was n't any orange juice ? ''
` ` here , '' he said , pulling out a bottle of orange juice .
seeing her understanding , he nodded , beaming as he put an extra large orange juice on her tray .
fortunately i had some of my own shampoo and detangler , and i was again smelling like strawberries and oranges .
ivy had , though , and she watched me in concern from across the kitchen , her orange juice in a grip just as tight .
the sliding sound of ivy sharpening her blade hesitated , and i stiffened as the orange rose up and over the ring , completely unabsorbed .
palms sweating , nicola made her way to the back of the grocery , bypassing the oranges and apples .
there was a plate piled high with oranges , strawberries , bananas and melon .
jaxon had wheat toast , plain chicken breast , and a large orange juice .
just then , they looked as big as oranges .
and when those stopped raining down , apples and oranges began to drop and rol .
then another sandwich , then an orange .
` ` i would really , really love an orange .
viola , you go find the orange . ''
` ` oh , and bring me an orange , too , but put it beside a hamburger and fries .
an orange tree would always bear oranges .
i ask , rolling an orange along the counter .
ryker glanced at the label and saw the image of an orange .
the memory of the taste of orange on her tongue that night flooded him with lust .
he pulled the covering off of the other basket and showed us its contents - donuts and orange juice .
i pushed my way next to them , sat down in one of the chairs , grabbed a donut and orange juice , and began to feast .
the sugar i 'd devoured made me nauseated quickly , and i switched to sipping orange juice as i watched players alternately knock coconuts down or try to match them .
she 'd been slicing oranges , and the tang of citrus was still in the air .
so monumental , in fact , that from a distance , the giant statues of ra - the egyptian sun god - to either side of the grand entryway appeared as tiny figurines balancing oranges atop their heads .
` ` i was thinking , '' cimil replied , ` ` that the doom clock is ticking , and it 's about time you met your media naranja , the other half of your orange , the hop in your scotch , the ohhhhh in your oh , baby .
i went to the fridge , grabbed the orange juice , and poured a glass .
i finished off my orange juice , doing my best to ignore the anxious nerves that nagged at my heart and mind .
dr . montieth had told her to drink some orange juice , to lie down for a while and then to call her back if she still did n't feel lillie move after half an hour .
i stepped around the base of the grave , so as not to walk on the dead , and dusted some dried orange leaves off the next stone .
instead we eat oranges at the kitchen table while mom tells us funny stories about what happened to her at work today .
i picture the people in their seats with their plastic cups of soda or orange juice or scotch , and i love them .
i pretend i ' m drinking orange juice in seat 23a and i can feel a stream of love shooting right through the body of the plane from some lonely girl lying on a picnic table in a small town no one has ever heard of before .
browsing the refrigerator for orange juice ?
i ' m perched on the bench in front of totally wired on my break , peeling an orange and watching people on main street meander past .
we were apples and oranges , but she did n't judge and i appreciated that .
his feet moved and i looked up , seeing him reach for an orange .
` ` you know , '' he said between bites of an orange segment , his eyes fixed on where my hair was tucked , ` ` you are a very good liar , but i can hear your stomach growling . ''
he swallowed another piece of orange , reaching out to pick up an apple and offer it to me .
` ` can i have an orange juice , please ? ''
ty nodded and sipped at his orange juice .
deuce toasted him with his orange juice .
by the time zane got down to the kitchen the next morning , breakfast was on the table , and ty and deuce were sitting together , drinking orange juice while their mother bustled around them and scolded them for stealing some of her apples .
he was so absorbed in his thoughts that when someone knocked on the front door , he jerked in surprise and sent the dishes sliding , the plate knocking into the glass and crashing to the floor , sending the orange juice splattering across the bar - and him .
the shooter would take three oranges from the bowl , toss them in the air , and shoot as many as he could before they hit the ground .
if he missed one of those oranges and it went anywhere near the crowd , it was a warning shot , loud and clear .
mark chose three oranges from the bowl , picked up the firearm , and moved into place .
juice flew through the air as all three rotten oranges exploded .
he settled the rifle in the crook of his arm , nodded to the judge , and chose his oranges .
two oranges disintegrated in the air , and the third exploded just before it was about to hit the ground .
` ` you sure as hell showed those oranges who was boss , '' ty said , though the pride in his voice was easy for zane to hear .
nick raised both eyebrows , but then he held up his orange juice and chester toasted him by tapping his coffee to the glass .
that night i make an all - you - can - eat spaghetti dinner with meatballs the size of oranges and garlic bread guaranteed to linger on your breath for days .
her tits spring out like a pair of happy - to - see - me oranges , and i ' m more than f**king pleased to see how well - endowed skyla is .
her tits roll back just under her neck , solid and round as if someone shoved oranges under her skin , and suddenly i ' m very f**king hungry for oranges .
her tits roll back just under her neck , solid and round as if someone shoved oranges under her skin , and suddenly i ' m very f**king hungry for oranges .
she asks and sips some orange juice .
my eyes constantly move back to the beautiful woman sitting at my table , sipping orange juice .
he laughs and pulls the orange juice from the fridge , pours us each a glass , and leans against the countertop , watching me bustle about his kitchen .
jax leans over and kisses my cheek , then shoves his orange juice in my hand , which i thankfully consume in two gulps .
` ` okay , here we have a grilled chicken salad with mandarin orange vinaigrette . ''
she came up with a can of diet orange which she popped open while saying , ` ` fifty thousand dollars , layne .
i slid a piece of toast on a plate and started slathering it with cream cheese i 'd beat up with powdered sugar , vanilla , slivered almonds and the zest of an orange .
the carving on both mantel and molding were pears , apples and oranges with leaves and vines and it was so intricate , even at a glance i saw it was sheer perfection .
i could even see dimples in the oranges .
i had to do it every day and luckily it tasted pretty good , though weird , like a minty orange .
i tried to protest but they refused to accept as they bathed me and washed my hair in a bath that smelled vaguely of spice , vaguely of musk and not - so - vaguely of orange blossoms .
he was putting an orange in the toe of each stocking .
finished with the oranges , he started to sort the presents in a box marked ` ` stocking stuffers '' .
i got my usual , a cafe fantasia , hot chocolate at the bottom , espresso at the top separated by a slice of orange and topped with whipped cream that had teeny sugared - orange sprinkles .
then i grabbed my spoon to mush down the orange and mix the cocoa with coffee .
boo came with me into the bathroom and watched while i brushed my teeth , washed my face , slathered on my night cream that smelled of oranges and changed into my blue nightgown .
i shot her an embarrassed smile , went directly to the produce section and bought enough grapes , oranges and plums to unconstipate the french foreign legion .
the bartender blinked at me then said impatiently , ` ` i did n't think you wanted shots of orange juice . ''
he asked before he took a slug of orange juice , and i noted that amalea was a good mom who raised a good son who cooked , did the dishes and was thoughtful , but she had n't taught him not to drink out of the bottle .
he put the orange juice back and focused his attention on me .
i could seriously have died happy in that moment , and i even had orange juice .
he grabbed a pot as she began throwing limes , oranges , and pears - anything she could find , until she found a large grilling fork .
apples , oranges , pomegranates .
bananas , apples and oranges litter the caramel - colored tile floor .
he shakes his head and gulps down the last of his orange juice .
that was n't the only thing they begged for , she silently acknowledged , piling her plate high with scrambled eggs before taking a sip of her freshly squeezed orange juice .
she took a cautious sip , relieved at the sweet taste of oranges .
when i call for your food i will ask that they send you orange juice as well . ''
` ` he slipped sergei a rophy in his orange juice and while he was knocked unconscious we slipped away . ''
her stomach rumbled in approval , even as her heart sank to her toes at the sight of caine mixing frozen orange juice into a pitcher .
` ` what is with you and treating your blood like it 's orange juice ? ''
i coughed out the orange juice that i 'd been drinking .
i bit into my last slice of pancake and took a gulp from my orange juice .
stopping at a local cafe , i bought a muffin and orange juice , then made my way over to the park across the street .
outside the curtains , moonlight streamed in over them , and the cold winter breeze rustled the leaves on the lemon and orange trees in the courtyard beyond their private suite .
she was just pouring freshly squeezed orange juice into glasses when grayson walked in .
they landed like a sack of oranges hitting the floor .
he handed me a fanta orange , and he ended up with a cherry coke .
ten minutes later , t.j . jogged back in , placed the bagel on my lap , and the orange juice on the nightstand .
i picked up an orange .
she walks away and i sip at my orange juice .
leeza drank some freshly - squeezed orange juice and rolled her eyes .
` ` can i have a small orange juice and a glass of coffee , please ? ''
i could taste the remnants of orange juice on her lips .
the end chapter 1 risking my life to steal an orange was a stupid thing to do , but today of all days , i did n't care about the consequences .
he did n't see the orange in my hand or understand i was committing a crime .
not anything that could get him killed or arrested and sent elsewhere , like my orange .
the orange in my other hand seemed to grow heavier with every passing second , and it would n't be long before someone noticed us .
he glanced at the orange , but he said nothing as he followed me toward the exit , setting his hand on my back to guide me .
` ` i found it on the ground , '' i lied as i forked over the orange .
the shield grunted , and he tossed the orange in the air and caught it .
` ` i tried to steal an orange from the market , '' i said .
` ` i doubt he 'll come all this way for an orange , '' she said as she tapped her spatula against the side of the bowl .
i 'd tried to steal that orange .
steal an orange , maybe , except they had n't been lucky enough to have lila 's eyes and get away with it .
i thought a world where i could walk into a market and buy an orange without risking my life would be a good start .
` ` get some orange juice .
max 's unexpected exercise had brought on a severe insulin reaction , but a little orange juice had fixed the problem quickly enough .
` ` bring her some orange juice , please . ''
she 'd stayed in the same high school even after the kids had started taunting her and doing vengeful things , like throwing eggs and oranges at the house or writing ` ` murderer '' in the lawn with bleach .
` ` perhaps you 'll forgive us if i send over some juicy oranges when i get back to blackmoor hall ? ''
` ` oranges are my favorite ! ''
` ` oranges ! ''
olivia wiped the condensation from her orange juice .
olivia shoved the tinfoil lid of her orange juice into the plastic cup .
eve stuck a straw in her orange juice .
her grandfather had used it to pick grapefruit and oranges .
blushing slightly , eve rolled back the foil lid of her orange juice .
obviously exasperated , her sister popped them in her mouth , pulled the orange juice from the fridge and drank out of the jug .
it felt as if she 'd swallowed an orange .
callie indicated gail 's orange juice as the usual suspects gathered in the large corner booth on a friday morning in august .
` ` in all the years we ' ve been coming here , i do n't think i ' ve ever seen you order anything else , '' eve added , also eyeing the orange juice .
gail opened her orange juice and took a sip .
he brought her a sliced orange , which she accepted gratefully .
she savored the sweetness of the orange he 'd given her .
skye turned her orange juice glass around several times .
he drew a deep breath , finished his orange juice and stood .
delaney put the lid on her orange juice .
delaney had donned conner 's t - shirt a few minutes earlier to go to the kitchen and bring them both some orange juice , but his hand had already found its way beneath the fabric to caress her belly .
he 'd been tired of seeing his father and everyone else treat them like little princes while he could n't pick an orange without being accused of stealing .
then we 'd sing and later we 'd get an orange .
rice pudding and oranges . ''
for a candy bar , for an orange - it was all the same thing .
they were something to be managed - a product that , in the end , they would send back to society in pieces , meant to save the lives of citizens who had n't been desperate enough to steal an orange or a loaf of bread .
it can smell sweet as honey or like bitter oranges .
and yellow oranges . ''
he walked up a few minutes later with pancakes , eggs , orange juice and a stargazer , my favorite flower .
i pushed my eggs around on my plate and only drank half my orange juice ; cc noticed but did n't comment .
i placed the orange juice back in the fridge and shut the door .
tara caught me by my ponytail and yanked me back , spilling my orange juice all over me .
marie winks at me then grabs her orange juice .
marie spits her orange juice out and starts coughing like crazy .
that day started like many others before it , with mary waking first and wallace wandering into the kitchen after ample time was provided to make coffee and pour orange juice ( coffee for him and orange juice for her ) .
` ` just as long as there 's orange juice , i 'll be happy . ''
i wanted to put it to my face and see if it smelled like oranges now instead of cigarette smoke .
she tasted like oranges and fire .
neither was going to win since it was like an apple glaring at an orange , so i waited until the dancer looked back up at me .
i have coke and orange juice and water . ''
` ` i 'd offer you something to drink , but i think we only have milk and orange juice .
one is full of orange juice .
the oranges are probably flown in from a special orangery kept in some remote island that is full of dirt specially formulated to create the best juice in all the world .
shaking my head , i walk over to kaga 's well - stocked bar and pour myself an orange juice with a splash of vodka .
kale , who 's usually a talker , freezes mid - bite of his orange slice , and stares at lyric with his jaw hanging open as she bites into the apple .
i 'd like the pancakes with bacon , a little on the crispy side , a large orange juice and a cup of home fries . ''
he offered me orange juice and even got up to make me a plate of food .
conner grabbed an orange off of the counter and started walking out of the kitchen .
` ` i work at a large manufacturer of oranges .
` ` i brought you some soup , and some orange juice .
tall bronze rods topped with beeswax candles burned in the open - air garden , and golden bowls full of fresh - picked grapes , oranges , almonds , and olives sat at the feet of the various statues of the gods there , including dionysus and demeter .
fat oranges and bags of figs gleamed like jewels in the silver bowls that had been placed at the statues ' feet , right next to goblets fil ed with spiced mulberry wine .
olive , almond , and orange trees towered up out of the black soil , while a series of grape vines twisted over and through them all .
i started juggling , or attempting to juggle some oranges while i waited .
we were caught off guard by buffy bringing out two large trays of french toast and sausage , while mark followed behind her with orange juice and coffee .
hope was taking a drink of orange juice and immediately spit it out in front of her .
i like oranges best . ''
we 're going to make a lemonade stand and sell orange juice . ''
you ca n't sell orange juice at a lemonade stand - it needs to be an orange juice stand . ''
we are not watering down the orange juice .
` ` i ' m gon na have hot chocolate and an orange muffin this time , '' carson announced with relish .
i was in the ice cream section getting a couple of quarts of chocolate fudge swirl and they were right across from me in frozen orange juice .
you all just drink your orange juice and tea while i get this on the table .
he took another swallow of the vodka and orange juice to fortify himself and waited .
the room smells like oranges from the oill the housekeeper uses on the wood .
back at the house , there were fresh towels in the guest bathroom and orange juice in the kitchen .
richard paused at the back door and took an orange from the fruit dish on the kitchen counter .
richard threw the orange at sophie .
lady olivia launched into a discussion of the agricultural properties of oranges .
` ` you were telling us about oranges , your grace ? ''
she had a feeling he did n't know himself why he did it , but every time he said the word , it brought her back to dry , warm hills , where she sat in the sunshine next to her own grandmere , nibbling on fougasse that left a faint orange taste on her tongue and watching the men down in the village play la longue with the grace of ballet dancers .
` ` i do n't think stealing oranges in covent garden ten years ago would warrant an inspector chasing you to paris tonight . ''
` ` and wedding cake - a nice , tasty one with plenty of currants and candied orange .
doolittle reached into his bag and offered me a choice : grape , watermelon , or orange .
and so he sat and drank his orange juice , grateful to have a seat at the table in any capacity , feeling deeply and wonderfully at home .
on the flight , he 'd been so rattled that he spilled his orange juice , drenching not only himself but the lady beside him .
tina 's blue eyes were wide , and her scent - yes , it was that citrus blend kira had caught a whiff of outside the door , like oranges and cloves - soured ever so slightly even as her pulse sped up .
when he went all in on this hand , madox 's scent turned into a mixture of musk and rotten orange .
she only blinked at daniel when he handed her a slice of orange and told her to eat it .
apples and oranges .
she took a drink of her orange juice , her brow furrowed .
she took a couple of aspirin , washed them down with orange juice , and went back to work .
he glanced at the bounty spread before him- shiny red apples , bunches of bananas , fragrant oranges , grapefruit , lettuce , celery , carrots , potatoes , and onions .
she opened the refrigerator , her nostrils filling with the scent of butter and eggs and milk , apples and oranges , mustard and ketchup .
i found apples and oranges , some string cheese , a box of crackers , a couple of bottles of water , and several of my favorite candy bars .
going to the fridge , she pulled out a carton of eggs for french toast , a package of bacon , and a bottle of orange juice , and proceeded to fix breakfast .
did he ever miss real food , or think about sinking his teeth into a tart apple or a juicy orange instead of living flesh ?
he insisted she eat all of it and drink the orange juice , then he tucked her into bed .
not exactly the kind of diet a pregnant woman was supposed to eat , she reminded herself , and with that thought in mind , she added some fruit to the cart - oranges because they smelled good , red apples because she liked the color , watermelon and peaches and pears , lettuce and tomatoes .
the second one held paper plates , bowls , cups , glasses , and utensils , as well as a loaf of bread , a box of cereal , packets of sugar and cream , several candy bars , apples , bananas , oranges , peanut butter , jelly , and a package of blueberry muffins .
i set down the drinks after adding the orange and maraschino cherry .
i drank some orange juice , enjoying its obviously fresh squeezed taste .
i drank lots of water and orange juice and took a multivitamin and iron supplement for breakfast , which was my regimen since bill had come into my life and brought ( along with love , adventure , and excitement ) the constant threat of anemia .
she drank my orange juice while i had the coffee .
or a bowl of orange popcorn on each table ?
` ` i ' m cool , ` ` he said , then chugged his orange juice .
i ' ve got coke and coffee and orange juice . ''
dee hands me two glasses of orange juice and grabs a platter of bacon and scrambled eggs from the counter .
lilly jumps down from the counter , goes to the fridge , and pulls out orange juice , pouring it into two plastic cups and setting it in front of each of them .
then she takes a banana and cuts it in half , putting a section on each of their plates before doing the same with an orange .
outside in the california sunshine , i breathed deep : smog and oranges and excitement .
i could smell sun , grass , oranges and honeysuckle .
` ` i 'd ask you to pour the orange juice , but i ' m afraid i 'd have to hear about the chocolate milk , '' i said , looking at him over the burners .
he asked suddenly and , surprised , i choked on my orange juice .
will you pour some orange juice ? ''
he knew that the metallic tumblers in the far cupboard would keep the orange juice icy cold all through the meal , knew the orange juice was in the door of the fridge instead of the back - he was well acquainted with my kitchen .
windblown girl on a cliff with an orange hung over the original wooden mantel , which now gleamed golden after being rubbed rich with oil .
we made a quick pot of coffee , and i sliced up some of the additional cranberry - orange bread i 'd wisely hidden from simon .
i asked , slamming back from the table and knocking my orange juice glass over .
i teased , winking at mimi over my orange juice .
` ` you 're funny , '' i said wryly , catching the tiny orange he threw me and starting to peel .
we 'd finished a lovely bottle of rose and were now lazily sipping tiny glasses of ponche caballero , a spanish brandy with hints of orange and cinnamon .
although i had no clue what she was talking about , i finished my orange juice and followed her .
jeff swallowed the remaining inch of his orange juice , then put the empty tumbler back on the table , and we both followed .
my bags were stuffed in the backseat of my boxy orange volvo , but instead of heading directly to cadogan house , i passed my future hyde park home and kept driving south .
i was scheduled to train with ethan again , so i got up and headed over to the kitchen , grabbed some orange juice , blood , and a bacon - topped donut shellacked in maple frosting .
blood sausage , blood stew , blood orange : food for all seasons .
on my way back to the office catcher shared with jeff christopher - an adorable shifter with mad tech skills and a former crush on me - i passed a large table of fruit : spears of pineapple and red - orange papaya in a watermelon bowl ; blood orange slices dotted with pomegranate seeds ; and a pineapple shell full of blueberries and grapes .
i parked my orange volvo a few blocks up , then hiked back to the house .
the steward , a tidily dressed woman in a white shirt and navy skirt , brought us glasses of orange juice .
the juice was delicious , with the fresh bite and lingering umami of freshly squeezed oranges .
as they ate and i sipped my orange juice - and ate a piece of bacon jeff had thoughtfully offered - we came up with a to - do list .
when the waitress topped off coffee and brought the check , i put a couple of dollars on the table for my orange juice .
` ` you think i ca n't cover your orange juice ? ''
` ` i have no idea whether you can cover my orange juice , '' i said .
i grabbed a tray , moved into line , and selected orange juice , blood , bacon and eggs , and a chocolate croissant as big as a softball .
it was an orange .
the crazy ass threw two oranges at me .
an orange sure as hell was n't going to do it .
i stood and threw the orange back up at him .
the orange came back down and made a plopping sound at my feet .
the pair of them had a good laugh at my expense and then creepy up there came back to throw oranges at my head and then murder me .
or maybe the silence was just welcome because it meant no one was throwing oranges at my head and trying to kill me .
i argued and pulled back to grab an orange and a cereal bar to throw into my bag .
we sat quietly for a while , gran drinking her coffee and me drinking my orange juice until gran cleared her throat and said , ` ` it 's been really wonderful having you here . ''
he 'd been through citrus groves that smelled similar , especially if you took an orange , punctured and peeled the skin , then sucked at a juicy wedge .
only it was n't the scent of an orange exactly .
nope , not oranges .
lorelei brought her a tray of food of fresh fruit , an orange muffin , and a vanilla yogurt .
raspberry and orange crush . ''
he recognized orange juice , knew that was a good source of sugar to replenish the blood she 'd lost .
plus twizzlers and orange juice and grape soda for me in addition to easton 's .
johnny could n't say he approved of the whole masks - and - leashes approach to the situation , nor was he okay with the image of zelda feeding saxon orange goop .
that 's about as likely as oranges turning bright pink . ''
i shrug it off and get myself a glass of orange .
i shrug even though she ca n't see me and take the orange juice from the fridge .
sam grabs an orange from the fruit bowl and throws it at her .
` ` my favorite beer is budweiser , my favorite non - alcoholic drink is fresh orange juice , and my favorite thing to do on a hot day is drink beer . ''
i lick my lips , the tang of my orange juice coming off them .
` ` i know this great little joint that 's giving away free orange juice in the half - pint cartons .
she motioned to the two place settings at the bar stools in front of the counter with small glasses of orange juice and a boxed pastry .
she brushed her body against his , the pastries and orange juice between them .
reaching for the small bottled orange juice , he stalled for time to gather his thoughts .
she sipped down the last of her orange juice , then passed the empty cup back to him .
` ` apples and oranges . ''
i 'll take some plain orange juice . ''
you almost forgot your orange juice .
he sucked harder on the taste of orange while the clatter of dishes and conversation swelled from soldiers , aircrew and a lone table of seals filling the dining area .
she downed a good amount of orange juice .
` ` fresh - squeezed orange juice ? ''
he 'd changed from his uniform into a pair of old sweats and was drinking orange juice from the carton when nash walked into the kitchen .
an hour later , rosalita had left after making faith the best omelet ever , a cold glass of freshly squeezed orange juice , and another cup of hot coffee .
someone handed amber a bloody mary , which she discreetly switched for her own choice , grey goose orange , club soda and a slice of orange .
someone handed amber a bloody mary , which she discreetly switched for her own choice , grey goose orange , club soda and a slice of orange .
she whipped up scrambled eggs , orange juice and hot coffee , then waited for mike to join her .
amber cooked breakfast for the men in the corwin house , basic pancakes from boxed batter mix and orange juice .
feeling awkward -- he could n't remember having breakfast with her as a teenager -- he poured two glasses of orange juice , the only drink left in the house since annabelle had never made it to the store .
she sipped her orange juice and shook her head at me .
he leaned closer , inhaling orange and clove , and wrote along one side of the page , next to the sketch , a maze .
they were shaped into oranges and lemons .
` ` oh , evidence is easily manufactured , i find , '' the duke said carelessly as he dropped a marzipan orange into his tea .
juicy oranges , roasted walnuts , gingered carrots , and that sweet made from sugared rose petals .
she glanced up , her lips parted , so near he could see the swirls of gold in her pretty brown eyes , and he suddenly identified her scent : orange blossoms .
he smelled orange blossoms .
whirling , she glided off the dance floor in high dungeon , the scent of orange blossoms trailing in her wake .
then his mouth was full of her sweet nipple and he suckled strongly , as the heady scent of woman and orange blossoms swirled about his head .
the entire dark mass came tumbling down , a glorious tangle , and he stroked his fingers through it , leaning down to inhale the scent of orange blossoms .
but she did anyway , a soft weight against his side , smelling of orange blossoms and life .
at the edges of the crowd were hawkers calling their wares : oranges , walnuts , flowers , and sweetmeats .
farther on , a juggler entertained a small circle , handily tossing a man 's hat , an orange , a knife , and a posy of flowers into the air .
he bent closer to look for other changes and inhaled the scent of oranges .
lazarus reseated himself and watched as he swirled the last of the brandy in his glass , remembering a little girl 's brown eyes and the scent of oranges .
reynaud glanced to emeline , sitting in the middle of the settee , as round as an orange .
she was a woman in her eight and twentieth year , well past the age of orange blossoms and spring weddings .
the scent of oranges rose as he fingered them .
the scent of bitter oranges rose in the air .
he leaned closer to her , and even though the sweet scent of roses surrounded them , he smelled spicy oranges .
the scent of oranges lingered faintly , but she was no longer in the room .
simply held her , inhaling the scent of oranges in her hair , feeling her breath on his cheek .
jess never ordered saber to do things like make coffee or drink orange juice .
jess ordered her usual 7up and orange juice without a murmur , one of the many things she appreciated about him .
` ` coffee or orange juice with breakfast ?
elaine opened the massive refrigerator and pulled out eggs , orange juice , and bread .
i ask him as i pour my orange juice .
your dad said i could come in and grab some orange juice .
she murmurs , handing me a glass of fresh orange juice as she glances at the picture of brand .
all at once , the maids were gone , and they were alone- now in a far more intimate environment of warm , damp skin that had recently been bare , the scents of lavender , lemon and orange in the air , and fewer layers of clothing .
potted lemon and orange trees , surrounded by luminaries , released their scent into the breeze .
i grab his orange juice and hold it up as i move towards ricky and scott at the entrance to the kitchen , walking backwards .
` ` first of all , comparing our lives is like comparing apples to oranges .
i choke on my orange juice .
a semi - hot guy with too much muscle for my taste and a leather vest that would have been better left in the eighties pours me a beer and alissa an orange juice .
` ` did you seriously expect a strip club to serve you fresh - squeezed orange juice ? ''
` ` oooo , it 's a show , '' says alissa , sipping her orange juice through a tiny bar straw .
i take a long pull of orange juice from the straw .
she 'd rolled her eyes and chugged her orange juice .
do n't let mom hear you say that- '' he 'd grabbed her arm , knocking over the orange juice so that it poured over the tabletop and dripped onto the floor .
just eggs and orange juice .
the fruit was much more rare and expensive than nannas , oranges or peaches in any case , and required a certain type of handling as well .
` ` oranges , '' farzi smiled .
* * * the workers never said a word as i grabbed a crate and started picking oranges .
i did n't have a hoverstep , but it was n't needed with the oranges .
` ` picking oranges , but that was before .
the table was covered by bowls filled with grapes , oranges , pears , nannas and even gishi fruit .
nothing beats freshly squeezed orange juice for reviv - ing an arid mouth .
when i turn back round , there is orange juice on the table , and he 's making coffee .
he pats me gently on the back and passes me some orange juice .
i help myself to an orange juice .
i sink two advil and pour myself another orange juice .
` ` there 's some orange juice for you here , '' christian says , and my eyes flutter open again .
he pulls over the tray on wheels and lifts the cover to reveal my breakfast : oatmeal with dried fruits , pancakes with bacon and maple syrup , orange juice and twinings breakfast tea .
i down the orange juice in a few gulps and dig into the oatmeal .
she grinned and handed me two tall glasses of orange juice .
i poured two glasses of orange juice and set them on the tray next to the plates covered in scrambled eggs , toast , and fruit .
well , my mother and courtney were drinking wine - i had orange juice and water .
i grabbed the orange juice and poured us each a glass .
everyone looked at taylor as she opened the refrigerator and took out the orange juice .
reaching for her orange juice , she raised her eyebrows .
i asked her as i set the orange juice down .
` ` two more diet sodas and an orange juice , please . ''
she accepted the coffee and orange juice , her mind fixed on what she would say to william when he came back .
after sloshing my hand through the ice water , i settled on a fanta orange .
i ' ve got a fanta orange in a cooler in the back with your name on it . ''
` ` you are so whipped , '' beck muttered , reaching for a glass of cold orange juice .
i 'd gone into the kitchen to get some orange juice and i 'd stopped at the sight of the magnets .
` ` i ca n't stop looking at my ring , '' i confided to simon as i set a plate in front of him along with a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice .
` ` once you reach the indies , '' i said , handing miss cowden the paper , ` ` you must see that she eats a great deal of fruit - oranges , grapefruit , and lemons , particularly .
` ` a mixture of red wine and the juices of orange and lemon , '' lawrence stern was explaining .
the scent of oranges rose up from the empty cup in my hands , sweet as bridal flowers .
marsali , never far from his side , had in this case moved as far as the forecastle , where she sat on a barrel filled with oranges , the lovely new shawl fergus had bought her in the market wrapped over her face .
` ` oh - an orange would be good , '' he said .
without waiting for a reply , he rolled back the lid of the desk , revealing a small bowl of oranges , bright among the litter of quills and papers .
he sat down by the berth , an orange in his hands , and stared at it for a moment .
he rolled the orange between his palms , head bent over the dimpled sphere .
he picked up his dirk and scored the orange , quickly and neatly , then began to peel it .
` ` but the colonies ... '' he took the peeled orange in one hand , and began to toss it lightly , a few inches in the air .
he still held the orange in his other hand .
his voice sharpened slightly , and he dug his thumb savagely into the orange , splitting it in half .
still , he bent his attention to the orange , and began to divide it into segments .
he laughed at that , and swallowed the rest of his orange .
his head was bent over a second orange , hands moving swiftly as he scored it with his dirk , but i could see the faint smile in the corner of his mouth .
` ` when i gave it an orange , it took the fruit from my hand like a christian , verra mannerly .
he was much in favor of bodily intimacy , but would rather not be squeezed like an orange should rachel be overcome by enthusiasm .
we are quiet as sven unpacks a breakfast of gourmet egg - and - sausage burritos , fresh fruit , orange juice and sparkling water .
i sip my orange juice as i consider him .
i pour my margarita , garnish it with a wedge of lime and a wedge of orange and offer it up as well .
i waste no time getting to work , uncapping liquor bottles , making sure the coolers are stocked and then setting about to start slicing lemons , limes and oranges .
she walked into the room , carefully maneuvering a tray full of all the things i had n't eaten in years : poached eggs , croissants , freshly squeezed orange juice , a fruit salad with strawberries , blueberries and yogurt .
once he had left her two oranges , although he later denied it and raised his cleaver in mock anger when she suggested it .
nicky had stuffed two large oranges and an apple down the front of his jeans and waddled across the asphalt like he 'd had an accident in his trousers .
it 's like ... morecambe without wise , or jaffa cakes without the orange .
there were the familiar smells of christmas - helene had studded one of the oranges with cloves and hung it over the stove so that the scent infused the whole room .
the comforts of home ; our studio , coffee in the bar du lyons , our afternoons curled up in bed , you passing me pieces of peeled orange ...
i cut an orange into quarters and put two pieces on his plate .
i gazed at the tiny pieces of orange .
i wish the waitress would bring my orange juice , my water , or both .
i took a long swig of my orange juice , and i had to admit it was good .
i almost choked on my orange juice at the sincerity of his words .
i choked on my orange juice .
brayden took a long gulp of his drink - something called a frosted orange .
aj took a swig of his orange juice before replying .
` ` your favorite drink - a frosted orange . ''
busting on impact , the ice - cold orange soda coated my crotch , stinging like tiny daggers over my skin .
it 's pure orange juice with some pulp . ''
i found him in the kitchen , sipping orange juice straight from the carton .
she pushed an errant strand of silky caramel hair back from her face as she picked up her orange chicken with a chopstick .
she was in the car when it happened , driving home from the store with a bag full of three apples , an orange , a sweet potato , a some tortillas , a cheap bottle of wine , and a container of cream cheese .
the stewardess excused herself before returning moments later with an orange drink and spicy fritters on a platter .
i pulled up to a mcdonalds drive through and ordered ten egg mcmuffins and a large orange juice .
there s orange juice and candy bars up in the kitchen .
i ate an entire box of cereal , eight slices of toast , and four oranges before i got full .
stopping on a rock in the citrus grove , i pick an orange and eat it , the sweet juice dripping off my chin .
we start with freshly squeezed orange juice , then have bacon and eggs with beans , garnished with a sprig of parsley from my herb garden and lashings of black pepper , ground chunky .
standing back to admire our handy work , i say , ' with all those oranges and blossoms , we hardly need to decorate him . '
the little white lights gently twinkle , each with its own hue of white , lighting up the oranges but leaving the leaves dark .
i wonder what he 's on about for a moment , then he plucks an orange off the tree and throws it at me .
jesus slowly picks the oranges , calling someone 's name and throwing an orange in their general direction .
jesus slowly picks the oranges , calling someone 's name and throwing an orange in their general direction .
jesus throws two oranges that seem impossibly far apart but the dinner jacket reaches out its arms and catches both at once .
once the cheer has died down , jesus picks the last orange from the tree and starts to peel it .
i wonder as i bite into the bitter - sweet juiciness of the orange .
before i ' ve finished my orange , i find another .
after jesus has thrown the oranges he tings a spoon against a glass to get everyone 's attention .
breakfast consisted of scrambled eggs , bacon , toast , coffee , milk , or orange juice .
the ride was almost instantaneous and the doors opened into an orange blossom - scented living room .
` ` the spirits tell me this young man wants a donkey 's blood orange delight and this young woman wants a.blue fish - eye special . ''
the snow cone newbie worried about the taste of donkey mixed with blood and oranges .
i would have freshly squeezed some orange juice but you are all out of oranges , so frozen concentrate will have to do , '' madame caidoz said , as she bustled about the kitchen .
i would have freshly squeezed some orange juice but you are all out of oranges , so frozen concentrate will have to do , '' madame caidoz said , as she bustled about the kitchen .
ill bet you ca nt teach a greeg how to make a jug of frozen orange juice in six months !
maybe it is haq , i peeled my orange .
i crammed the orange in my mouth .
i see one boy take advantage of the bustle and steal an orange from an old mans cart without him noticing .
i make a start on the food she had brought metoast and orange juice .
the robots had tried to spice - up my meal by giving me an orange juice , but it was nt real orange juice .
the robots had tried to spice - up my meal by giving me an orange juice , but it was nt real orange juice .
she sipped the sweet orange juice and continued .
` ` i think i 'll have a soda ? fountain orange for me , '' he said loud enough for the whole room to hear , ` ` tina , what would you like ? ''
the taste was only faintly reminiscent of the oranges she remembered but , after a few more sips , she found the taste pleasant though a bit too sweet .
feeling hungry , she grabbed some toast and an orange , then retreated to what had become her stool to eat .
mom got up to take a pitcher and poured me some orange juice .
he asked while grabbing the orange juice and flapjacks and running off .
she seemshe thought before spitting out the orange juice .
jimmy grabbed a paper towel and wiped up the orange juice on the table .
feeling alone , miss sarah orange ?
oh the things i know about you , miss orange .
oh i would nt leave , miss orange .
hi , i m jaime van zandt and this is sarah , er , sarah orange .
so there is nt a group of packages marked oranges that contain thumb - sized bibles made in san antonio , america , on that ship you just came in on ?
the stewardess smiled politely and said , ` ` i think you will like the orange juice .
please , i insist , mara said as she placed her orange on alexs tray .
orin came back and gave me an orange and some bread to eat .
he also gave me several more oranges , some extra bread , and a glass jar of water to take with me .
he said as i ate an orange .
i ate an orange .
we stopped a few times and finished off the oranges , bread , and water .
we saved the bread and meat and started on the oranges .
fred eyed a delicious ice and orange juice concoction a college student was holding .
the fresh orange under her left hand became the target of her fury .
kat crammed a forkful of the spinach quiche into her mouth and washed it down with some of her freshly squeezed orange juice .
ill take duck a l orange with greens .
` ` we 'll send her crates of oranges when we move to new guinea . ''
the space chicken and michael rowland daffodil had a grand compilation of fruits : slices of oranges , apples and pears , some grapes and grapefruits , a lot of peaches , apricots and mangoes , melons of all different shapes , sizes and colours and the finest plums , cherries , berries and strawberries you can think of .
she found apples , pears , oranges , and persimmons .
the rest of her stomach would be filled with vodka and orange juice .
small oranges were growing on some of the trees .
when we made it back the oranges disappeared almost instantly .
someone handed me an orange and i started to peel it , still unsure about what was going on .
the second guard followed close behind awkwardly carrying the baby as though he was carrying a loose bag of oranges .
ginny went to a fridge and took out some orange juice and said here try this because without help from your dad you are going to need something in your tummy .
he saw a room full of trees or bushes , laden with oranges .
the guests were surprised to have fresh orange juice to drink , but were too busy eating to ask for an explanation .
bens of fruit laid on the counter as the seller smiled , speaking in a mysterious tongue as she pointed to an orange as he held out his hand for payment .
she handed the seeds to him then took the orange .
she searched for the translating device with her left hand as she held the orange with the other with snickers hanging from the crock in her arm .
she leaned against the crate as she ate a slice of her orange grinning to herself .
your orange juice , the waitress announced placing a second cup in front of both of them then poured a generous amount in each before hurrying off once more .
maybe they could put his lifeless head on a pike and throw rotten oranges at it .
he estimated the number of oranges , tomatoes and other vegetables and put those in the sacks too .
casting her own semi - amish principles into a vat of acid for survivals sake , sabrina feasted on the nearest mechanically preserved orange .
tell them you ll trade some damn corn and orange cabbage for your sisters ?
have some eggs and orange juice , suggested jeff .
perhaps she would grab an orange for the car .
wink , gus , and fen apparently all had a passion for fruit , as they were consuming surprising numbers of oranges and bananas .
yeah , tell your wife i said thanks , and ill have two oranges to pay her with tomorrow .
whether it was seeing who could sneak into the chicken coop and catch a chicken ( which they always put back , or which always attacked them , because they were very aggressive , those chickens ) or stealing peaches , pears , orange rutabagas , and plum mangoes from the farming section of janna 's village , their delinquency , as brynna called it , was laughed at by some but loathed by others .
we should go see pan again , chloe said quietly , hiding her mouth behind the orange .
she picked up another shriveled orange .
kaitlyn held up the orange .
heres an orange for you .
did nt want to pay tariffs on goddamn oranges .
he also held the record for the longest kill shot up until the afghanistan and iraq shit , but our snipers have much better technology these days , so that s comparing apples to oranges .
by the end of her breakfast of cocoa crispies and an orange , she had decided to do something else that saturday night , without mitch .
there was a large supply of food available for anyone to take , so he sat down and ate a bagel and a couple of oranges , and then he headed down to the first floor to talk to the secretary .
the breeze brought in fragrance from a nearby mock - orange and mixed it with the scent of lavender from the bunches sarah had hung from the rafters to dry .
he took a glass bottle of freshly squeezed orange juice from the refrigerator and then took a glass from a wooden cabinet with silver handles .
the man placed the orange juice back into the refrigerator , picked up his glass , took a sip and said , ` ` we ' ve been coming up with ways to bring those little comforts back to the people .
tir tairngire is very similar to terra , except for more appearances of blues and oranges in nature , a few carnivorous bushes and some explosive fruit .
when i woke up we were back on base and l.t was sitting next to me eating an orange .
nicole had put her favourite pyjamas on and poured a hot chocolate with sprinkles of orange and mint .
the bananas , oranges and apples are copper - colored and piled together loosely in a stone bowl .
various sections of the main hull had been stripped of the outer shell , much like a peeled orange .
everyone had a quick breakfast out of their ration packs , the popular choices being granola bars and freeze - dried orange juice , and they set about packing up the campsite .
people ate what they got ( which was nt entirely true , because one could get say , oranges from jahiro , but sausages were far cheaper ) .
disorientated , curiba hurdled herself over the cart of oranges that had mysteriously appeared , tipping off the top few oranges , she continued on .
disorientated , curiba hurdled herself over the cart of oranges that had mysteriously appeared , tipping off the top few oranges , she continued on .
an orange would be nice right now .
is that an orange ?
he nonchalantly sucked on his orange .
some day he might try and grow an orange tree he wondered would it bear fruit if it were from a commercial orange .
he had dropped the orange , but yicle promptly picked it up and brushed it off .
he inspected his orange for edible bits , solara seemed a gritty city .
i ve got nice fresh orange juice and a hug for you this morning .
still groggy from sleep , natalie sat up in her bed , accepted the orange juice and her mothers hug , and suella tapped the laser onto the skin just below the back of her neck .
so i should give her more oranges to eat or something ?
grapefruit and oranges !
later that morning , she ate just the belgian waffle and a few slices of orange instead of the powdered eggs or the sausage .
natalie squeezed a few juice oranges in a strange electric juicer the size of a soda can .
nate hoped it would be an orange or a water .
instead , philip bought an alcohol lamp , a bottle of wood - alcohol , a saucepan , a dish , a soup - plate , a teaspoon , a fork , a knife , a soup - spoon , a dish - towel , washing - up liquid , salt , pepper , a large bottle of mineral water , half a dozen eggs , four slices of ham , a baguette , two apples , two oranges , two dusty cans of campbell 's soup , ( cream of mushroom and asparagus - tips ) and an inefficient - looking can - opener .
shortly before midnight he had insipid cream of mushroom soup , a few reluctant mouthfuls of stale baguette washed down with mineral water , a slice of ham and a sour orange .
he ordered nothing at all , almost gagging at the thought of the saucisses - frites and the sliced ham and stale bread and the campbell 's soup and sour oranges and the other things he 'd been subsisting on for days .
pick up some orange sherbert , chocolate ice cream , ginger ale for your new little mommy , and some bock beer for the rest of us .
what the machine gave in quick succession was , i remember , the speckled pattern of the carpet renovated by the return to the pre - hanna years , the fold of a curtain , a dragons head on a chinese vase , a big oval mirror pivoted to a wooden stand , ceiling - cornices , the fluted leg of a chair ( i must stop ) an electrical outlet , certain keys of a piano i must nt enumerate , the cross of window - panes , a dish of fruit on the table : three mottled bananas , four apples , two oranges , a bunch of grapes , how many grapes ?
somebody unknown to me tossed an orange across the wavy table to harvey .
ricky held the loudspeaker like a crate of oranges .
bring back bagels and cream cheese and fresh , full - pulp orange juice , and if they had it , a tin of caviar .
no sense in mixing apples and oranges , he said .
no sense in mixing apples and oranges .
so , he sat alone with a plateful of food , a cup of tea and an orange juice , enjoying the morning .
two eggs over easy , with toast , milk , and a little orange juice .
is this real orange juice ?
the expiration date on that orange juice was for a week from now .
there is a glass of fresh orange juice that i down far too quickly , and a set of multi - colored tablets .
in fact , she just finished one of their oranges .
like all katanian fruit , that orange was juicy , very satisfying , and had a tendency to keep ones breath fresh for hours after eating it .
its the flavor of katanian orange .
` ` made from genuine seville oranges ( group 3 - b mutational subdivision ) .
it opened as though it were an orange that was unsegmenting and a play of colors began within it , together with a soft wash of sound .
baley looked up at the unsegmented orange , which was still humming its low , pleasantly varying tune and displaying a gentle change of color as it swayed hypnotically through a small , slow arc .
lara set her orange juice down and leaned back in her seat .
i drank orange juice , which i found a completely inadequate beginning to my day .
i drank the last swallow of my orange juice , resented its healthiness , and said , ` ` bingo . ''
` ` do you do oranges , too ? ''
i had a choice between white wine , orange juice , or warm coke to go with them .
beware the orange .
beware the orange !
he put bread and a head of lettuce and a package of cereal into a cart ; he bought several things that he knew were always needed , frozen orange juice and a carton of pall malls .
you provide cookies and orange juice . ''
despite the traffic , the sweet scent of seville oranges hung all around him .
an eighteenth - century english trader had purchased three dozen bushels of oranges from the seville church and taken them back to london only to find the fruit inedibly bitter .
` ` it 's apples and goddamn oranges , '' jabba said .
he especially likes it if i have apples or oranges .
the bottle had already become three - fourths empty ; she shook it up , poured foamy instant ersatz orange juice into two jelly glasses .
the smell of mock orange was powerful here at the edge of the dar - es - balat roof garden , overriding all other odors .
he sipped his orange juice and read about a ship that had perished in space with all three hundred aboard killed .
they 're unnatural , the way they live , in those barracks , and always out trying to plant orchards , oranges or lemons , you know .
at last he sat before a stack of hotcakes and bacon , genuine home coffee , a glass of orange juice from new israel oranges , and the previous week 's new york times , the sunday edition .
the boy shrugged as if that was n't a big deal and took another bite of a peeled orange .
you must know that , doctor ; a person experiencing hallucinosis does n't merely think he sees , say , a tree of oranges c he really does see it .
each saturday , townspeople had collected in sullen , resentful crowds to watch the troops squirt gasoline on the cars and toasters and clothes and oranges and coffee and cigarettes that nobody could buy , igniting them in a blinding conflagration .
` ` now , the sun '' - he pointed to the orange in the center of the table - ` ` is very large , so it has a lot of gravity . ''
norman took the ball bearing and rolled it so it passed close to the orange .
he took the empty bowl and set the orange in the bottom .
the ball curved , and spiraled down the inside of the bowl until it hit the orange .
he put the orange back on the table .
he put the orange back in the bowl .
he put two fingers on opposite sides of the orange .
either you flick the ball lightly and it will roll close to the orange , or you can give it a big flick and it will go way up the side of the bowl , before falling down again to the other side .
hall drank the liquid , which was syrupy and artificially flavored to taste like orange juice .
it was a strange sensation , drinking brown orange juice , but not bad after the initial shock .
reg did n't eat oranges -- claimed he was allergic to them .
it was some forty meters in diameter with a section folded back like a segment cut from an orange to reveal the interior .
the girl stretched to the urging of his fancy , and her breasts , like firm - skinned oranges , forced out their silken sheathing .
` ` pardon me , captain , would you like coffee or orange juice ? ''
scram - bled eggs , yogurt , fresh sliced oranges sparkling in the sun , bacon and sausage , and hot muffins just out of the oven .
she poured the coffee and the orange juice for them both .
i have actual orange juice , soybean curd , organic foods .
they smelled a fragrant odor of roses and oranges .
3 1:19 a.m. geostationary the dream came again , full of glowing wire frames , lines of fire forming spheres , like the doubled eights of a baseball 's stitching or the twirl of peel left after an orange is stripped in one long spiral .
she hid behind her orange juice again .
i smiled at him and held up my hand , palm up , fingers spread , as if holding an orange in them .
if she 's still a ward of the mental health people she must still be -- '' ` ` a condition like hers ca n't be cured , '' maury said , sipping his orange juice .
i walked calmly , pouring orange juice on the ground in a steady line until , ten feet later , i reached the enormous nest of fire ants one of the trainees had stumbled into on our first day at camp kaboom .
oranges grown this far north of the warm latitudes were probably almost as sour as lemons .
it screamed and squealed , twisting like a living thing under his blows before one heavy punch spilt it like the skin of an overripe orange .
there were sunflowers and orange trees , and daisies , and you could walk right through the heart of this on any of the many broad and comfortable newly paved paths .
give me its long vine - shaded arbors , its countless tuscan pots overflowing with lavender geraniums and orange trees , its long red - tiled porches .
i was staring at the purple geraniums that surrounded the orange trees in the tuscan pots , and thinking how gloriously beautiful they were , when i realized that malchiah was sitting at the table opposite me .
richard trailed along behind her , with a brie and fennel sandwich and a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice .
he picks up an orange , and gestures : in one smooth movement it inverts , and twists : the orange flesh is on the outside , now , and the skin is in the center , on the inside .
one must always maintain parity , her father tells her , peeling off an inside - out orange segment for her .
she was two stools away from him , and she was drinking something in a stemmed glass , with an orange slice in it .
` ` i bet this will be good , '' said the vodka and orange .
` ` i can see why you would n't want to follow that , '' said the vodka and orange to fat charlie .
when he returned to the bedroom , the vodka and orange was no longer there , which was a relief to fat charlie , who had started to hope that she might have been an alcohol - induced delusion , like pink elephants or the nightmarish idea that he had taken to the stage to sing on the previous evening .
she said ` ` there 's orange juice , is n't there ?
icicles hung from the final d. ` ` i wonder what they would have called oranges , '' said fat charlie into the silence , ` ` if they were n't orange .
he could still taste her on his lips , all orange juice and raspberries .
then she said , ` ` is there any orange juice left ? ''
she called as she nestled an orange beside a peanut - butter - and - jelly sandwich in a lunch box .
all it held was a moldy orange and a handful of cracked seed swept up off the floor of a birdcage .
` ` could you pour some orange juice ? ''
gray dumped the contents of the vial into one of the glasses of orange juice and used a teaspoon to stir it .
gray stepped to the sink , dumped the orange juice down the drain , and watched it swirl away .
she took a deep breath , inhaling the scent of jasmine and orange blossoms .
the frozen , dead flesh surrounded the reactor like the skin of an orange .
chapter 1 risking my life to steal an orange was a stupid thing to do , but today of all days , i did n't care about the consequences .
to make the meal last , she tried to pace herself , but after a few pancakes and some orange juice , she could stomach no more .
she wheeled her cart over to the oranges and started handling them .
kendra also ate an energy bar , but warren passed , contenting himself with some slices of an orange .
her orange juice was growing warm .
he drank deeply from his orange juice - really drank to savor it so that for a minute or two nothing existed in the house but his enjoyment .
a smell like fresh - cut orange surrounded it .
approximately the size of an orange , the opaque blue - green orb - presumably the oracle ? -was nestled in an intricate setting of gears and cogworks .
the plum - sized orange looked delicious , its peelings folded back halfway like a lotus flower , revealing plump segments glistening with a glaze of honey - creme .
` ` you 're comparing apples and oranges again , '' said peter , getting ready to launch into his politically correct explanation about how we have to spread out our resources and put the most qualified person in the most appropriate position .
hell , i could go live in an orange grove and eat oranges for the rest of my life .
you guys go find us some oranges .
i grabbed the orange and one other that was nearby .
i screeched , grabbing his hair and holding onto the oranges with my forearm against my stomach .
i made a sling out of my shirt and dropped all the oranges in , glancing down and noticing for the first time he had stopped plugging his nose .
the oranges went flying in every direction as my arms and legs sprang out , trying to find purchase with something solid and only meeting air .
we each got a bottle of water , a chip , two oranges , and a dried hunk of beef from one of the army - navy meals .
buster also did n't mind oranges , apparently .
someone had been picking these oranges , and it was probably someone coming from the highway .
one was heading over to where bodo and i had gotten our oranges and one was coming this way .
this must be where the waitresses poured the orange juice .
he guzzled his orange juice in one long , sweetly satisfying swallow , then stood up to go .
the king 's melancholy melted away with the morning mist , and before long robert was eating an orange and waxing fond about a morning at the eyrie when they had been boys . ` `
... had given jon a barrel of oranges , remember ?
he tossed one back at me , and before jon could so much as fart , there were oranges flying across the high hall in every direction . ''
her sister wanted to know as she ripped the skin from a blood orange .
her hand clenched the blood orange so hard that red juice oozed between her fingers .
she shrieked as arya flung the orange across the table .
` ` she called me a liar and threw an orange at me and spoiled my dress , the ivory silk , the one queen cersei gave me when i was betrothed to prince joffrey .
` ` we 're out of oldtown , '' the captain called down , ` ` bearing apples and oranges , wines from the arbor , feathers from the summer isles .
suddenly arya remembered the morning she had thrown the orange in sansa 's face and gotten juice all over her stupid ivory silk gown .
she filled it with a spoon of broth while lady alerie and the other women were giggling at the spectacle of butterbumps bouncing oranges off his head , his elbows , and his ample rump .
butterbumps popped a whole orange into his mouth , chewed and swallowed , slapped his cheek , and blew seeds out of his nose .
elsewise , lord bolton would have peeled you like an orange , no ? ''
oswell 's brought some oranges and pomegranates from the king . ''
there were apples and pears and pomegranates , some sad - looking grapes , a huge blood orange .
lord petyr cut the blood orange in two with his dagger and offered half to sansa .
he tilted his chin back and squeezed the blood orange , so the juice ran down into his mouth .
sansa spooned up some juice from her own orange .
chapter two the captain of guards the blood oranges are well past ripe , '' the prince observed in a weary voice , when the captain rolled him onto the terrace .
it was true about the oranges .
for a long while the only sounds were the children splashing in the pools and fountains , and once a soft plop as another orange dropped onto the terrace to burst .
he was still groping for some words to say when another orange fell with a heavy splat , no more than a foot from where the prince was seated .
i should have gathered up the oranges that fell , he thought , and went to sleep dreaming of the tart sweet taste of them , and the sticky feel of the red juice on his fingers .
he had decided to break his fast before he went , with a blood orange and a plate of gull 's eggs diced with bits of ham and fiery peppers .
we were eating oranges .
there children frolicked naked in the sun , music played in tiled courtyards , and the air was sharp with the smell of lemons and blood oranges .
others farther back let fly with lemons , limes , and oranges , crying ` ` war !
she would return him to his water gardens , to live out what years remained him surrounded by laughing children and the smell of limes and oranges .
myrcella split an orange with spotted sylva , whilst garin ate olives and spit the stones at drey .
she purchased podrick an orange on the seastrider , a cog just in from oldtown by way of tyrosh , pentos , and duskendale .
onions , carrots , turnips , two sacks of beans , four of barley , and nine of oranges .
i have a weakness for the orange , i confess .
he gave each of them an orange in return , though clams were as common as mud in this world , and oranges were rare and costly .
he gave each of them an orange in return , though clams were as common as mud in this world , and oranges were rare and costly .
` ` wipe off that mud and have a slice of orange , lad . ''
after the service he absolved their sins and left them with some turnips , a sack of beans , and two of his precious oranges .
` ` alas , my oranges are gone , and i doubt that i shall see another till the spring , '' he told one small boy .
` ` have you ever had an orange , lad ?
the dwarf asked him as they stuffed themselves with cold capon and a relish made of carrots , raisins , and bits of lime and orange .
a porter trotted at their heels , pushing a wheelbarrow heaped high with provisions : salt and flour , fresh - churned butter , slabs of bacon wrapped in linen , sacks of oranges , apples , and pears .
they joined the queue behind a wagon laden with limes and oranges .
after that came a savory snake stew , chunks of seven different sorts of snake slow - simmered with dragon peppers and blood oranges and a dash of venom to give it a good bite .
the two - headed girl was feeble - minded ; one head was no bigger than an orange and did not speak at all , the other had filed teeth and was like to growl at anyone who came too close to her cage .
he fed me a purple slice of orange .
i remember watching him peel that orange for me ; he cut one long , efficient line in the fruit 's peel , then removed it all in one piece .
i opened my mouth so he could feed me another piece of orange .
with the silk he brushed the dust from the velvet sleeves and gold lace of his coat ; he held the clove - studded orange to his nose , perfuming away the odors of the street .
monsieur raised his pomander , sniffed it , then leaned toward his brother and offered him the clove - studded orange .
smoke dribbled from between her lips and mixed with the sweet scent of orange blossoms .
potted flowers traced the verges of the pathways ; the blossoms of a thousand orange trees perfumed the air .
the central dome was filled with tables laden with baked peacocks , their iridescent tails spread wide , with bowls of oranges and figs , roast hare , ham , and every sort of sweet and pastry .
he pitched a purloined orange at the furious tiger .
the tiger swatted at its flank as if at a mosquito , catching the orange with its claw , ripping it in half , crushing it against the ground .
chartres was not the only one to torment the creatures with oranges , or stones .
horse sweat , human sweat , dung , smoke , and perfume mingled with the scent of orange blossoms and the cool sharp air of september .
24 the gold sunbursts , the gilded candle - stands covered with fresh flowers , the scent of orange blossoms and heavy perfume , the elaborate hangings and the exquisite paintings oppressed marie - josephe .
big state , full of oranges . ''
` ` it said , ' welcome to florida , ' and then it said a lot of other things about beaches and oranges . ''
i am liking these oranges .
` ` that was before they discovered oranges , '' said tanner .
` ` the boov really like oranges . ''
` ` they grow oranges in arizona too , '' said yosuan .
the boov actually eat oranges ? ''
colton took a step toward the produce stand and the crate of oranges next to the bananas began to change as well .
rosa quietly sits like a queen upon her golden chair , sipping the hot steaming orange tea as the delicious aroma assaults my nose holes .
argus guesses as he reaches for the orange and inquires .
i could nt help myself , said zoey as she sipped the last of her orange juice and smacked her lips loudly .
he reached in the refrigerator and pulled out some orange juice , taking a swig without bothering to locate a glass .
here you go , and thank you , johnny said handing me to the elderly woman whose hand smelled of the orange she was eating that i noticed beside the chair she had been sitting in under the canopy .
i only wanted to ask if the two of you would prefer more coffee or orange juice .
hayes never let his eyes leave mine , orange juice for both .
look , heres a whole half an orange with most of the pulp still on it .
no , i oh , come on , you love oranges , he said , waving the fruit at her .
eat the orange .
i m not going to take the last piece of orange when you have all these little ones to keep happy .
come on and share this orange .
absolutely , said torus , retrieving the orange .
he looked down at the orange and scratched his head .
after another half hour of racing back and forth across the den the sledge only needed minor repairs before everyone shared a half an orange and collapsed in a pile on the bed .
behind it , prohibited from crossing , stands all the crew and the camera equipment as well as a service table stocked with doughnuts , bagels , apples , oranges , and a dark sketchy looking meat that really could be anything .
normally , i was nt a coffee drinker , but i really needed something stronger than orange juice to perk me up .
she moved slowly , picking up the dirty dishes , putting them in the dishwasher , finishing the orange juice and putting the leftovers in a ziploc bag .
dyos stopped at one of the tables and picked up an orange .
he tossed the attendant a dragon scale and bit into the orange , peel and all .
a mixture of a calla - lily and sunflowers its hue matched the ripest orange .
angus selected a package of pretzels and orange juice .
janelle crept over to the sink and dumped out the rest of her orange juice , holding back tears .
he shook his head , reached for a mandarin orange and started to peel it .
she looked down and smiled at the perfectly sliced oranges that levi used to garnish the plate .
levi poured her some orange juice as she took a bite of the scrambled eggs .
he grabbed a nedicks orange soda for himself .
ellen ordered only a small orange soda that she did nt come near finishing .
with fingers held like picking an orange from the branch , he sent out a stream of fire into the air .
he or she smelled like sweat and spicy cologne : oranges and cinnamon , maybe .
his blood tasted sweet and sexy , like sugared oranges and milk chocolate .
he 'd brought us items that we had n't seen in a long time ; apples , oranges , fresh baked bread , cheese and milk .
my mom could hardly afford it but she bought a box of oranges and gave me one every day .
no one else got the oranges , just me .
gram asks before taking a drink of orange juice .
she came out with her bag as i grabbed us some bottled water and oranges .
i ordered her some orange juice and waited .
she played with her orange juice using a straw to stir it .
but that would be like saying oranges and apricots are the same thing because they re both orange .
my stomach gave a rumble at the thought of toast with jam and orange juice .
ravishing oranges were the rarest , but they contributed to the clearing just as much as the other colors did .
he handed her the orange .
lemon gratefully took the orange and began to peel it .
she pulled a slice of orange off the fruit and took a bite of it .
lemon handed him the orange before rushing off to find a suitable restroom in the woods .
he held the orange out in his hand .
she took the orange and began eating it .
her mouth was too busy chewing a slice of orange .
in the kitchen , i lower three slices of bread into the four - slot toaster , tug the butter and peanut butter from their respective places , and pour two glasses of orange juice ( no pulp ) and one glass of apple juice .
hey , aunt hil , i say into my orange juice , calling her the nickname she despises .
were apples and oranges .
grapes , oranges , bananas .
itz , do you like oranges ?
think of it another way , seth said as he absently tossed an orange between his hands .
this orange did nt grow on a tree .
itzy ripped the skin off her own orange and pulled out a slice .
seth swallowed a piece of orange before answering .
and saves us a lot of money , seth noted as he popped another segment of orange in his mouth .
the blue dot had grown to the size of an orange .
in the distance , the orange had grown to the size of a football , and it was still getting closer .
she ate the orange and took a sip of water .
in his hand he held a glass of ice - cold orange juice .
i take a sip of my orange juice .
she sipped her orange juice while her eyes took me in .
i splashed cold water on my face as mum poured orange juice into a glass .
he tilted his head back , finishing the last of his orange juice before placing the glass in the bottom of the basin .
ahead were rose bushes with blossoms the size of oranges .
she stopped to pick up a huge orange , when a voice caused nev to spring from her arms and dart into the maze of trees .
and take all the oranges you want , it never bothers me , they re not mine no how !
the smells welcomed him first ; the rose buds of spring and winters thick narcissus ; the dusty scent of autumn leaves and the pungent crispness of orange blossoms ; and somehow above it all the unmistakable tingling of sunshine entering his body like warm syrup .
the teenagers hurriedly swallowed the rest of their breakfast , glugged down the remaining orange juice and darted out the house .
a swarm of oranges came her way and she batted them away with the flimsy chair .
he got up and went to the fridge , pouring out two glasses of orange juice .
evvie quickly finishes her orange juice to meet me at the doorway where i am lacing up my runners .
chocolate and orange muffins .
albert bit an orange , then peeled its skin with his fingers , while steven was glad he had nostrils to breathe through at that moment , for he stuffed his mouth with enough bread and meat that no room remained for any air to get in .
the target reduces to the size of an orange from here .
it was about the size of a large orange but smooth skinned and deep purple like an eggplant .
she was wearing an old fashioned tan dress that did nt match the vibrant oranges she wore .
she tastes like oranges , my new favorite fruit .
next , some orange juice , bacon , eggs and potatoes should fix you right up .
` ` because , '' romulus answered , ` ` it looks like an orange , and when it 's lit , you and that thing better split . ''
` ` give not this rotten orange to your friend , '' quoted belch from andrei 's back .
with utmost carefulness , romulus handed over one of the orange splits and struck a match , sparking the two wicks to life .
a little orange juice , maybe ?
sophia and i also learned that if we fed the kids fresh fruitapples , oranges , and bananasright after school , they behaved much better during camp .
i nearly choke on my orange juice at her suggestion .
tammie had struggled between choosing orange juice or orange soda for at least ten minutes before finally deciding on the juice .
its an orange , much like the ones from around here , but smaller .
people will push herbs called cloves into the orange , then offer it to another to remove with their teeth .
you looked up at me and in listening to me yammer on about oranges and cloves , you forgot about what you were doing .
separating in the courtyard , lazelan continued on to the arena and aylan travelled to the kitchen for an orange .
when she was done , the orange looked like it was covered in brown buds .
with a blooming smile , she finally turned to the prince and offered him the orange .
aylan was shocked , and stood frozen with the orange held out between them .
unruffled , oslan glanced at millie , then bent his head over the orange long enough to pull a clove out with his teeth , and then looked up to grin at aylan .
he took the orange and held it out to aylan the same way she had offered it to him .
she bent over the orange , reaching up to steady it with her hands .
not that i might not offer him the orange againshe thought .
aylan , depending on how the recipient removes the clove , the person with the orange will receive a different kind of kiss .
at this , millies face burst into a wider grin and grabbing the orange out of the princes grasp , she raced back to her horse and back down the path toward the tournament .
startled , she smiled to herself as she remembered that same smell mixed with oranges in the forest .
but you offered him the orange first !
well , millie gushed , when i took that orange from you to the boys barracks to find bow , i caught the boys talking about it .
tabitha felt far better after a glass of water , plate of eggs and orange juice .
i smile at the orange .
he found a crate of oranges left out in front of a produce stand .
he approached the oranges deliberately and said , up .
he held out his hands , stared at the oranges intently , and commanded , up !
apples and oranges , said lily airily .
the rest of the adults drank wine or soju , with the twins having big glasses of orange juice .
she jumped up and came back with the orange .
he sipped his orange juice and eyed me with a slight frown .
she smiled at us , sipping orange juice .
i ignored him and dug into the orange in front of me , my fingernails sinking into the soft flesh causing juice to squirt out everywhere , speckling my hands with sticky spray .
delice was a european bakery with simply the best orange and raisin scones ever , in the history of scones , and even better fruit tartlets .
he smiled over at us and then took a sip of his orange juice while he waited for ryder to respond .
thankfully , no , katie said as she rose from the bed and took the orange juice .
i spin on the spot to see old mrs . cromarty chatting with one of her girlfriends in front of a fruit vendor , inspecting apples , oranges , and melons , placing them in burlap totes .
the infinity symbol curled away like an orange peel .
i was nt sure what the phrase meant exactly , but ironically i had a craving for orange juice .
what about apples or oranges ?
i mouthed a please , and she went to the beach kiosk to buy the orange soda .
sara settled for what i had left of the orange soda .
kurma made herself a strong drinka lot of clear liquor with a little orange juice .
i dug around in the refrigerator until i found some orange juice and jam .
instead , i stuck to a traditional american breakfast , eggs and orange juice .
sir , would you like cola or orange ?
as benny juiced some oranges , he rambled on about how tight his older cousin was .
he joined them with a bowl of granola and some orange juice .
she sips her orange juice and stares at me as if not knowing where to go from here .
he bought me a whole heap plus some oranges i eyed on the way out and carted me off to his wonderful home .
i pulled the orange juice out and glanced at her .
she had some change left so she bought herself an orange slushy and began her trek back to her home .
relief softens his expression and he strokes my cheek with his thumb , moving slightly closer , the warm , spicy scent of oranges and cloves clinging to his skin .
i do nt have time , he blurted , almost spitting orange juice on the floor .
squeezing me like an orange .
we fall into silence again as i sink down onto the sofa beside him , sitting my orange juice glass on the floor between my feet .
darien pointed at what looked like wrinkly , mini oranges .
his eyes lit up at the burst of juice that was close to an orange , yet not quite the same .
darien dropped the newspaper on his desk and picked up one of the little oranges to give it a light squeeze .
pulling the wooden box towards him , darien tugged the plastic mesh off , freeing the little oranges .
could you please get us a blanket and some orange juice ?
she looked down at the large wine glass filled with orange juice and held it up for brian to see .
who puts orange juice in a wine glass ?
vicky took another sip of her orange juice .
kaci held up one finger to let her mother know to give her a minute as she gulped down most of her orange juice .
her taste buds were eager to taste orange juice .
she flipped on the light switch and carefully took a clean glass out of the cabinet and poured a small amount of orange juice into the glass .
regular orange juice was okay , but when pulp was added to it , it became disgusting .
my uncle brian grabbed a clean glass from the dishwasher and poured me some orange juice .
my mom cleared the empty plates from the counter before straightening the napkins and putting the orange juice back in the fridge .
i let out a heavy breath and sat in the empty chair next to skye who gave me a friendly smile as i scooted in and ordered a tall orange juice .
pepsi , ginger ale , root beer or orange .
tiago dropped the book on the bed , and snatched the cinnamon rolls , ignoring the orange juice for a second .
he downed his orange juice , and burped loudly that santi did not hide his grimace .
no one could possibly digest smoked shellfish and orange rolls properly under the eye of a cross aunt aila .
even aunt ailas face was pleasant , and malin could smell the smoked shellfish and orange rolls under the covered dishes on the table .
no rule is without its flaws , but winds and northsams rules were so different its like comparing apples and oranges ; then peeling off their skins and comparing them again .
i passed by several crates of oranges , ducking from behind them to hide myself .
keeper of the eastern border lizzie awoke to the smell of oranges and strong coffee , filling her nostrils .
it tastes like orange juice and watered - down coke , which is foul as shit .
a little while later , mandy comes back with a package of rice rolls and an orange juice .
caroline pulled out a bottle of orange juice , but before she could hand it off , haley swallowed the aspirins dry .
no need to waste good orange juice .
i turn my back on her and stare at the ceiling in frustration , i do nt want to talk about it , i do nt want to have face their lies right now , why ca nt she just leave me alone and why the hell can i smell oranges .
the smell of oranges is still bugging me but its growing fainter now and taking my headache with it .
as i splash my face , the oranges return , perhaps it is in the water .
where did you get the oranges from ?
no orange just the juice of the julempieen root , you are the one who smells of oranges , the root juice encourages your own odour to flourish .
i smell of oranges , how come ?
my own smell was now sweet and comforting , not as strong as before , more like tangerine than oranges .
perhaps it echoed my mood , the stronger the orange would spell danger , i do nt remember it back in salisbury at that party when i had hurt dave jinson , the smell of stale cigarettes and drink on his breath had probably masked my own , alice had better be careful , i did nt know my own strength when pushed .
i swing round angered by his voice and slap him hard across the face , the oranges returning to the room .
survival i suppose , besides you smell like oranges , that helps .
i forge on leaving the strong essence of orange in my wake .
the gentle smell of oranges grows as i turn the dial to warm and finally drag my clothes from my body , this is my natural smell , the smell that al'ice adored .
` ` well the orange does n't fall far from the tree .
i was feeling a bit parched , so i poured myself a glass of orange juice as well .
he swung the door open , ready to start running to the park and collided into steve carrying a large tray with glasses of orange juice and a plate covered with toast , donuts , and muffins .
she had been to the store and re - upped supplies of orange juice , chicken soup and bread and butter .
one girls hair was the color of oranges in the sun , and i vaguely wondered if it was natural .
i asked , as carley stood at the counter and furiously squeezed oranges for juice .
that question implies i ever went to sleep , said carley as she squeezed another orange .
plus , a cup of freshly squeezed orange juice , a glass of water , and a steaming mug of tea .
not the proverbial boring carrot and celery sticks , but all kinds of things i like , kiwis , oranges , red peppers , zucchini , broccoli , yes , broccoli !
cheeseburgers , fries , pasta with cream sauce , grilled cheese sandwiches , baked potatoes with sour cream , doughnuts , bagels with cream cheese , biscuits and gravy ... with an occasional kiwi or orange thrown in .
i only had a chili cheese omelet and two oranges for breakfast , and nothing since !
no , i like the orange , cal said diplomatically .
his skin just seems to ever so slightly smell of an intoxicating mix of lemons , oranges and milk chocolate .
she pulled out a bottle of orange juice .
would you like some orange juice ?
i m sure you can eat one and you can drink half your orange juice .
she quickly emptied half of my orange juice in it .
i drank my orange juice and then carried the dirty dishes to the sink .
i grabbed a nutrition bar and an orange juice bottle from the fridge , placing them inside my backpack .
leah groaned as she saw the cocoon she had created being peeled back like an orange , letting the kid go free .
half asleep , i rolled out of bed trying to shake the feeling , and headed to the fridge to grab some orange juice , but realized something different .
after herminio left , cari knocked back the last of a tall orange juice and stared at me intently .
she said , dressed in a sleeveless sun shirt and sipping on an orange juice .
i went from myas house to the am / pm , where i spent my last few dollars on a hotdog , an orange drink , and a pack of cigarettes .
and for you , mister tremblay , a sliced orange , toast and coffee .
jonathan sighed and downed the rest of his orange juice .
he found a commercial with two scantily clad italian women tossing an orange back and forth .
said louisa , pouring herself a large glass of fresh orange juice .
and some orange juice .
dorian banged his fist against the table , making the empty orange juice glasses jump .
but at a point , the spark plug darkness begins to recede and a clouded type of awareness enters his mind , like light filtering through to a pip in the heart of an orange .
fruit trees grew on the groundsapricot , orange and pomegranateand he cared for them .
she plucked an orange blossom from a branch and savored its fragrance .
you ca nt mix apples and oranges .
he made a drink called a mimosa made out of orange juice and champagne for the adults and for us he put ginger ale in it .
how about if i just go with the bagel and cream cheese , orange juice and a decaf coffee ?
oranges and cherries were in the fridge and sugar in the cupboard .
i muddled the oranges , smelling their sweetness , and mixed the drinks thinking this woman was going to attack me tonight .
she sipped her fresh squeezed orange juice and looked over the paper at me as she bounced the foot of her crossed leg .
aysel poured herself an orange juice and sat back in her chair , looking at leyna , who had hidden behind her newspaper .
aysel gulped down her fresh squeezed orange juice and stood up .
* * * dee was sipping her orange juice when i returned to the table with my grand latte .
he took another sip of his orange juice .
the aroma of bacon was irresistible and the sound of it crackling on the grill made dee feel hungry , even though she had already had a breakfast of bran flakes and orange juice .
scott had ordered yoghurt , fresh fruit and pain au chocolat , to accompany his orange juice , whilst dci coombes was making headway through a full english breakfast .
the slug passed clean through so ill just dump some antiseptic in , give you some antibiotics , some orange juice , and do a bit of sewing .
they own plantations for oranges in florida , bananas in tropical countries , vegetables , canned foods .
mrs . iredale had a family tradition for christmas morning , breakfast in the formal dining room , eggs benedict , champagne and orange juice .
* mrs . iredale came in pushing a trolley loaded with eggs , back bacon , a tureen of hollandaise sauce followed by mr.iredale carrying a magnum of champagne and a jug of fresh orange juice .
robbie followed him around pouring the champagne and orange juice .
he poured a large measure and threw in some orange .
how about a little orange juice with vodka ?
` ` would you like something from the bar , or would you prefer a complimentary orange juice ? ''
she ground it up and put it in your orange juice .
i made toast for the two of us , shared tommys eggs , and poured orange juice .
susan stood up , walked away from the desk , and wandered around the house before standing in front of the refrigerator , staring at left over pizza , a jug of rancid orange juice , and a tupperware container with mold blackening the lid .
susan finally stopped , leaned against a tree , and picked a lime - orange .
when pieter left the breakfast he had quickly thrown fruit , orange juice , salmon , cheese , rolls and a small pot of coffee on a platter and had carried it out of the room before the eyes of the surprised waiter .
the wardrobe and drawers were full of womens clothing and the air smelled of oranges .
above the musty odour of mould that coated the banks of the canal and the rank smell from the thin line of water that coursed along its floor , i detected the faint scent of oranges drifting from her hair .
the scent of oranges wafted faintly from her hair .
the now sweetly familiar and strangely intoxicating scent of oranges wafted from her hair and the skin on her nape inches from my face .
and throughout it all , the heady smell of oranges that infused the space around our bodies , drowning me in her scent .
i pulled the wool material over my head , taking in the scent of oranges and spice .
jerry raised her orange juice and nodded , grateful that she did nt wear her old , reliable timex to class .
the opulence of that south american verandah where they were surrounded by jonquils and orchids , by alabaster amphorae , by candle - flames stirring atop tables full of mangos and oranges , lemons and limes , prime rib and fresh seafood , were far removed from their current canadian predicament .
haakon had purchased another two hundred pounds of delicacies at a barge company 's general store on the dease river : strawberry jam , raspberry jelly , blackberry preserves , green olives , black olives , smoked ham , currants , dried apricots , fresh oranges , chocolates , candies , wines : chardonnay , chianti , burgundy , zinfandels , champagne etc .
i 'd just finished squeezing some orange juice when i punched in the number of a financial update service on my trusty cordless phone , mainly to hear the ( recorded ) sound of a human voice .
first you short a piece of the debt market , then for fun you dump the currency in advance ( since it 's just naturally gon na go the way of the peso when you make your opening move , and you might as well squeeze the orange if it 's just lying there anyway ) .
helen went to the kitchen and drank two glasses of orange juice , one after the other .
the usual jam , bread and tea had been supplemented with an orange .
the orange swung it the orange and the moment when we touched broke my brooding resolve .
birth smelled like the beach and tasted like orange juice .
he took a tumbler out of one of the grass - front cabinets above the countertop and poured it full of orange juice .
forte sipped the orange flavored tea and talked .
large coffee , large orange juice , two of the eggs - and - sausage specials , two cinnamon rolls .
said gabriel , opening his fridge and removing some orange juice .
life - sized toy soldiers that shot oranges out of cannons , train engines you could ride that poured real smoke out of their stacks , and balls that bounced so high they could hit the ceiling in the great hall .
my brothers and i required decades to master the easiest of tasks , to make an orange hover above our hand or to crush a flower without touching it .
sounds like i m in good hands , then , i said , finishing off my orange juice .
she was making fresh orange juice in the kitchen with the new juicer when the sound of the telephone ringing in her office interrupted her .
a tall crushed orange please , with ice .
a long pause ensued , after which philip took a long swig of his orange juice .
philip took a sip of his orange juice and smiled .
clendon ordered breakfast from room service : a pot of coffee with extra cream , a large orange juice , a breakfast steak with two eggs over easy , hash browns , a double order of toast with honey and extra jam , and a pitcher of water .
when the us then switched to importing oranges , brazil 's orange crops were similarly affected .
with the world 's two largest orange producers not producing any more oranges , supermarket 's were hard pressed to keep up demand for the popular fruit .
while the fields of californian grapes , lettuce , oranges , and flocks of chickens have succumbed to the terrible chain of events following that first fateful day , humanity at ground zero remains as resilient as ever .
now , mccarthy was trying to work on deals trying to get farms in florida to provide more oranges , bananas , mango , and papaya .
he smashed his fist against the guy 's jaw , cracking his lip open like an overripe orange .
shaking himself out of his reverie , he went back out to finish his breakfast , pancakes and hash brown patties and coffee and large orange juice .
he ordered a freshly squeezed orange juice and brought it over to my table as i folded up my copy of the telegraph .
afterwards he had an orange .
the shadows of the orange trees dappled the pavement , and a few oranges had dropped off the trees , rotting on the ground , giving a citrus scent to the breeze .
like fresh squeezed orange juice .
jessica was halfway through her second orange soda , taking her third pass at cali jenkins submission , when she caught sight of chaucer braswell .
eli returned with an orange soda , and the three of them reconciled over a hearty toast .
my white pants were a little creased and there was a faint stain on the left leg where i spilt some of my orange juice at breakfast time .
room service brought up a simple continental breakfast and two tall glasses of orange juice .
your cell phone pinged , greg called out as he poured two glasses of orange juice .
we sat at a large round table and the four glasses in front of each setting were constantly refilled with plum wine , tsingtao beer , orange soda , and mao - tai , the fiery chinese equivalent of pure grain alcohol , and after an interminable speech of welcome by the senior chinese official and a briefer response by the american ambassador -- each speech made longer by the need for simultaneous translations -- a series of bottoms - up toasts were offered to the recently renewed good relations between the people of china and the people of the united states of america and by the time the soup was served to end the meal there were so many gambeis !
the women gave us each some sweets and a paper cup full of a carbonated orange drink just after takeoff and then they left us to our own devices .
i headed downstairs for hot , sliced bread and the juice of oranges , ( despite the fact they are not yet in season !
harvey wall could make out a banana , a cucumber , an orange and a tomato .
waiter , make that two waters and just a plain orange .
as the landrover rumbled on up the high street , left hand indicator twittering in readiness for the turn into mafeking road , barry wells ' worried eyes followed its progress , as his daughter tugged at his hand demanding an iced cake and orange juice .
it was probably inspirational , uplifting even , but i spaced the whole thing , instead pondering if i was about to be arrested for waynes murder and whether prison orange would make my skin look sallow .
pick oranges or some shit to get money together .
oranges and lemons say the ` ` no !
the young couple had been dreaming of the future , digging into the warm and tasty meat shanks , drooling over the combination of gravy , potatoes , celery , orange , lemon , and carrot spiced with savory , cinnamon , peppercorns and sea salt .
she also picked a few oranges , limes , and lemons growing from the citrus trees in back yards .
large groves of oranges , peaches , garlic , and tomatoes spread across vast farms .
that did nt seem likely though ; she had even brought a snack of organic oranges and organic almonds up to his bedroom to keep her metabolism running at what her nutritionist had recommended as optimal efficiency , having bluntly explained earlier in the week , it is nt what you think .
darnell confirmed he d heard her comment by waving to the window and aysha got up from the table and poured two more glasses of orange juice .
instead , he planted himself on his favorite chair with his laptop , a plate full of toast with nutella , some orange juice and coffee .
sally was sitting at her breakfast bar , just finishing her muesli , orange juice and toast when the phone rang for the fourth time .
i quickly decide not to say anything now when karen makes me drink some orange juice because i hate orange juice and she 's not going to be happy when i refuse .
i quickly decide not to say anything now when karen makes me drink some orange juice because i hate orange juice and she 's not going to be happy when i refuse .
somehow i drink the orange juice though and i try to get tim 's attention .
their intermission beverage had been vodka fixed with just enough orange juice to turn it orange .
the kitchen , dining room composite was the first room ; it smelt of baking and there was a fruit bowl on the unclothed teak table , neatly arranged with apples , pears oranges and berries .
he drank orange juice and coffee , had toast with fruit , breezed through the days newspaper , and then browsed the internet for a few hours before preparing a vigorous lunch .
he reached down , pulled open the small white drawer underneath his bacon , and pulled out an apple and orange .
ethan went to work peeling the orange .
scoffed ethan , as he broke the orange into segments that he slowly popped into his mouth .
derrick and i are finishing our breakfast and orange juice .
i also found an apple and two oranges in the mini - fridge .
derrick takes the pocket knife and cuts up the apple , and peels an orange .
it is a wild orange , and they found three of them .
by comparison , it was apples to oranges to watermelons .
it contained only a sheaf of legal papers , a navel orange , a paperback book , a tin of altoids , and , as diaz had suspected , an ipod nano with earbuds attached .
at twelve - thirty on august 8 , alex was arranging a dozen orange roses when matthew called from the airport .
i just found out that i m not an apple ; i m an orange .
i do nt know how i feel about being an orange .
will you get me a glass of orange , my dear ?
but just at that moment francesca returned with a tray bearing three glasses and a jug filled with fresh orange juice and crushed ice .
he had his heart set on scrambled eggs , wheat toast , sausage links , and a big glass of fresh - squeezed orange juice .
we had large glasses of orange and coffee .
the wolf clan chronicles : wolves in the shadows by sharon mclaughlin copyright sharon mclaughlin 2014 smashwords edition 2 she took a deep breath , inhaling the sticky sweet aroma of the myriad of oranges in their varying stages of ripeness and rot and the musty smell of the cobwebbed robed trees .
elizabeth could see the dimpled oranges peeking out from behind the stiff dark green leaves as clearly as if the sun was shining down upon them .
with romulus at her side , elizabeth walked down the rocky path to the nearest tree and plucked a ripe orange .
she usually had trouble eating this early in the morning , but she was halfway through her third orange before she even realized it .
elizabeth jogged after him with the unfinished orange still gripped in her hand .
elizabeth ate the rest of her orange , wiped her sticky hands on her jeans and gave romulus one last pat on the head .
elizabeth breathed in , enjoying the aromas of juicy oranges and old trees .
mum used to bottle the plums , make marmalade out of the oranges and grapefruit , then , sell them back to the owners wife .
some fries and an orange rounded off his first dining experience aboard the owner .
rich pastries , hot strong coffee , freshly squeezed orange juice and something that was entirely new to me .
paul worked diligently preparing breakfast and before i knew it , i had french toast , bacon , fresh squeezed orange juice , and strawberries placed in front of me .
two large pitchers was filled with milk and orange juice .
feinstein told me , he said , sipping his orange juice .
belinda always left by herself , he said sharply peeling an orange .
one little berry has the vitamin c content of two oranges .
she came back with graham crackers and an orange juice .
and he stumbles a moment , latches on oranges .
josh was standing in the kitchen eating an orange .
josh flashed a smile as he swallowed the last orange slice and said , no , ill pick them up .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * david manning happily toasted the air and downed the rest of his orange juice.he turned off the tv after watching channel fives live report from in front of the doctors residence.the newspaper lay in front of him on the kitchen table.he would sit on this new information until the final test results were submitted.he would do nothing about the partially submitted data.in fact , he would send off a letter stating that the results submitted looked good so far.lull them into a false sense of security.then , whammo ! after the final submission , he would hit them hard and demand the full names of every one of the volunteers .
the girl behind the panda express parapet looked of oriental origin and for some reason i knew my orange chicken would taste better because of this .
mike put down his orange juice and picked up a file .
just coke , or orange juice , or whatever , understand ?
she reached for a glass , filled it with cold orange juice from the fridge .
he scooped up a pepsi from beside his deckchair and drank it like he was squeezing an orange .
` ` mmm , '' said tom , scraping his dish and drinking from the cup of rainwater that jim had placed before him as if it was freshly squeezed orange juice .
one picture showed a sack of oranges in bright color as a severed arm reached for them in the foreground .
it is way better than mine she said as she accepted a glass of an orange juice .
no , am sorry dear , am not parting tonight she cut off the caller , gazed at the watch three oclock , she waked jane , jane left the bedroom and sailed to the kitchen , poured a glass of water empted it and opened the fridge , had an orange juice , with glass on her she measured her steps to the living room and rested on the couch .
he went into the kitchen after the bath , found an orange squash , four slices of bread and a meat left - over ; he lifted his body and rested on the kitchen unit .
george got out of his car and went into the bar , taking a high stool , and ordered an expensively squeezed orange juice .
he handed her an orange juice .
we were sitting , drinking the orange juice , and feeling the muscles in our legs shiver from exhaustion .
we sat down at the table and i poured myself some orange juice .
the world through tabbys eyes was a world full of sunny orange juice and ribbons the color of the sea ; it was a world full of new friends .
his back was to us as we entered the kitchen , a snug tee - shirt flexed over his muscular shoulders as he cut oranges into wedges .
i checked the fridge and decided on waffles with cream and butter , coffee and orange juice .
when he brought it up , he had outdone himself , he added freshly squeezed orange juice , fresh fruit , some delicious pastries and a rose in a crystal vase - what romantics italians are , and i should know .
jackson took another heaping bite and a drink of orange juice .
do nt forget to drink your orange juice that mr . bray was nice enough to get .
my orange juice was all watery , jeremy said .
i remembered the large arms that brought me my orange juice ; they were jeremys .
i looked up to see kira getting some orange juice .
* * * chapter 17 the next morning i wake to find that lucien has not only miraculously cleaned away the beetroot - coloured vomit stains from the walls , but has also bought some muffins and orange juice for breakfast from the local supermarket while i was sleeping , and laid the table in my living room .
i watch silently as he unscrews the lid of the bottle , pours some into my orange juice despite my protests , and drinks noisily directly from the bottle , wiping his lips on his sleeve .
halfway through a breakfast of burritos and orange juice , he was startled when the phone rang again .
` ` hi , just an orange juice , please '' .
they were sitting on a shelf next to pineapple , mandarin oranges , and pears .
after his subsequent arrest he said , if i see three oranges , i have to juggle ; if i see two towers , i have to walk .
chuck and billy held up their orange juice and seconded , mommy rocks !
and an orange juice for patsy .
chrissy returned with the drinks ; patsy took her orange juice and remained quiet .
she felt so stupid , stuck here alone , drinking orange juice , bopping her head to the disco music , while the world around her had fun .
yeah , about two hours ago , grinned bill as he grabbed some orange juice .
the man lurched forward , grabbed his face and squashed it like an orange .
i took out the orange juice .
i gulped the orange juice .
jake was next door in the small kitchen drinking orange juice and assessing buckley .
jake drank coffee and orange juice ; lucien , bourbon and water .
maria giggled as she poured herself a large glass of fresh orange juice .
maria sipped her orange juice contentedly .
like apples are different from oranges . ''
they made food and poured drinks and carried them on trays to the windows and the doors , tea for taylor and jackson , coffee for reacher , orange juice for pauling .
helen rodin ordered something with oranges and walnuts and gorgonzola cheese .
oranges , walnuts , gorgonzola cheese , all kinds of leaves and lettuces , and a raspberry vinaigrette .
he had noticed that the girls were drinking colas and squashes with a sprinkling of feminine cocktails - orange blossoms , daiquiris .
bond gazed at the picture of three oranges ( no !
and while the meal moved sluggishly on , the dining - room was being turned into a ` ` tropical jungle '' with the help of potted plants , piles of oranges and coconuts , and an occasional stem of bananas -- this was a backdrop for the calypso band , which , in wine - red and gold - frilled shirts assembled in due course and began playing ` ` linstead market '' too loud .
going back to it when you 're off the orange juice ? ''
it was natural to bring out the small change and jerk the handles and watch the lemons and the oranges and the cherries and the bell - fruits whirl round to their final click - pause - ting , followed by a soft mechanical sigh .
in the third - class corridors people sat on their bags chattering and munching at oranges and at hard - looking rolls with bits of salami sticking out of them .
nothing seemed to matter any more but the single orange and hot water for breakfast , the mugs of hot soup , and the cups of tea which bond filled with spoonfuls of brown sugar , the only variety that had mr . wain 's sanction .
the routine of the early morning glass of hot water , the orange , carefully sliced into symmetrical pigs by some ingenious machine wielded , no doubt , by the wardress in charge of diets , then the treatments , the hot soup , the siesta , and the blank , aimless walk or bus ride to the nearest tea shop for the priceless strength - giving cups of tea laced with brown sugar .
he found a roadside diner where he gorged himself on eggs , bacon , hash browns , and three glasses of orange juice .
they ' ve stepped up purchases of oranges and timber , to make things look better .
the area had begun last night as the size of a golf ball , but now it was the size of an orange .
` ` i 'll have some orange juice , and bacon and eggs .
` ` i ' m going to have some orange juice , bacon and eggs , and toast and coffee . ''
ripe fields and orchards filled the air with the smells of pomegranate , apricot , and orange trees , and off the road were old houses , with walls covered with jasmine vines .
he returned from shopping with a bag full of orange juice , milk , and fresh fruit , and large dutch broodjes , rolls filled with different kinds of cheese , meat , and fish .
she watched him squeeze some fresh orange juice .
lara watched silently as he brought the coffee and orange juice to the table .
she ordered sliced oranges , tortillas de patatas , bacon , hot rolls , jam , and coffee .
the two women and their escorts moved on , past cork and olive trees , the summer air filled with the smells of ripe grapes and oranges .
molly fresh orange juice is n't worth risking that psychopath !
stu had been alerted an hour earlier and given instructions : fix the coffee , toast a wheat bagel , squeeze the orange juice .
this morning 's menu was two scrambled eggs , four pieces of toasted white bread , a fat slice of bacon , two scrawny containers of grape jelly , a small bottle of prepackaged orange juice , and a large styrofoam cup of coffee .
she pointed it at the floor , and saw a faint round circle the size of a small orange .
he gulped a few swallows of orange juice .
` ` is there any orange juice left ? ''
that 's the world where you sniff the fruits in the supermarket to see whether they 're ripe , and look up a recipe for orange roughy , because they had that on special , and worry about arriving late for a grandchild 's communion . ''
both an egg and an orange are used at the end of the festival . '
there were fresh white and yellow flowers in a tall porcelain vase on a polished fruitwood table in the center , while on a marquetry sideboard an engraved silver bowl was filled to overflowing with fragrant oranges .
on the steep terraces far below , it grew oranges and olives , but up above , where the building seemed implanted like a molar in the bedrock itself , there grew only thistle and wild laudanum .
pineapple , papaya , bananas , oranges .
another orange 6 to vienna rolled in and , with a last glance thrown over his shoulder , he got on .
at midnight , marco was in his bed , in his cold room , wrapped tightly with the thin blanket , sipping orange juice he had ordered himself , and memorizing list after list of verbs and adjectives .
he ordered an orange juice and paid for half an hour .
he made sure his exit was clean from kwytemail , then finished his orange juice and left the cafe .
he asked for orange juice because he 'd had no breakfast .
` ` oranges and lemons ... '' beria said in a singsong tone .
he wanted to go for some orange juice in the cafeteria , he said , and he knew how to get there .
` ` you ' ve hit the big time , '' karen said as she handed him the front section and put his orange juice on the table .
for his hangover , gronke sipped his fourth orange juice of the morning and washed down another headache powder .
trumann choked on his orange juice .
the farmer took the money from the woman 's palm and left an orange .
they 're ruins now - a bakery selling orange baklava . '
' some asinine orange - ' ' enough , ' said the guard , abruptly rising to his feet and pulling his robes together .
at a granite - topped beverage station , there were crystal jugs sticky with peach nectar and fresh - squeezed orange juice .
the downtown diner , at main and pemberton streets , served eggs and home fries and coffee all day , and if you ordered all three , you got a free tomato or orange juice on the side , though it arrived in something little bigger than a shot glass .
oscar returned with him to the back , where nora was now seated , looking pale and gulping orange juice .
the american state department had its share of madmen , but sterner controls were exercised , vasili had to admit that , in a few years , if scofield survived in europe , he would retire to some remote place and grow chickens or oranges or drink himself into oblivion .
he could see oranges ripening in the leafy branches .
he places her orange juice before her , and says the identical words he said last night .
she was sitting in a corner , sipping an orange juice and reading usa today , when nicholas zeroed in and said , ` ` good morning .
she set her orange juice on a windowsill .
one by one they walked by the serving table , took an apple or an orange , and left the basement .
like an orange , with three or four segments missing , half buried in the earth .
the next pair of eyes to meet hers belong to chipper , who pushes flora flostad 's wheelchair as if it held a crate of oranges and gives her an impatient glare completely at odds with the easy smile on his face .
it 's easier than he would have expected , but he supposes some things you never forget how to peel an orange , how to ride a bike , how to flip back and forth between worlds .
several of the men and women who rode with her looked at her curiously - just a small girl in a green blouse and bluejeans , holding a crumpled paper bag in one hand and a sunkist orange in the other .
she looked at charlie for several seconds in silence , taking in the crumpled shop and save bag , the orange , the slightness of the girl herself she was slender almost to the point of emaciation , but tall for a child , and her face had a kind of serene , calm glow .
when the two were deep into reminiscence , i decided i could use some orange juice .
then i 'd gone to tracy 's table in front of the molly 's van , watched her change jackets , had the orange juice .
` ` or , if you prefer , we have some vodka and orange juice . ''
elise always rushed her food down and then demanded to be released , like it was a terrible burden to be trapped in such tranquil domesticity , but those brief mornings held a sweetness for me that i can still taste , even trapped in my tiny cell , with saturdays bringing nothing more than an extra apple on my breakfast tray ; grapefruit juice instead of orange .
her parents are sitting on the couch , sipping hot toddies - arizona - style : fresh - squeezed orange juice , hot water , grand marnier , honey , dash of cayenne .
it contained two oranges , a can of sardines , and a piece of chocolate cake from the town feast .
she finished peeling one of the oranges from the basket ezekiel and gloria curtice had left at her door the night before , offered him a wedge , her suite redolent of citrus .
the room reeked worse than a bunkhouse - spoiled food , oranges , a hint of old perfume .
` ` suddenly , just a few yards away , we hear this loud groan : ' i love my orange pu**y ! ' ''
she 'd placed the plate of runny eggs and black bacon and undercooked , soggy toast down in front of him and asked him if he wanted orange juice .
he took a sip of his orange juice and waited for ray .
the smell of an orange on her tongue .
they stared at each other , the veins in his neck protruding , her left eyelid twitching madly as she kneaded an orange in her right hand .
i opened the door into the foyer again and stanis and liva were still frozen as i 'd left them , food on their bodies steaming , liva 's hand wrapped around the orange .
lurch went inside as angie and i rifled the wet and dry bar compartments for orange juice and peanuts , stuffed our pockets , and debated whether to clip two champagne flutes .
either that or the orange did him , wanted it to look that way .
a kid climbed a streetlamp pole with an orange in his hand .
then the first orange hit .
it smelled of roses and a hint of orange .
maso 's middle son , santo , sat waiting for them , looking up at joe as he poured himself a cup of coffee and placed the cup down beside an orange .
digger peeled the orange , tossing the peels onto the coffee table .
as digger ate his orange and then a second one , maso and joe discussed maso 's trip down , the heat , graciela , and the baby on the way .
this from digger , finished with his second orange , wiping his sticky palms on the sides of the armchair .
with breakfast out of the way , i made a few ham sandwiches , packed them in my bag along with a small jar of pickled onions and a bottle of orange juice , and then it was time to leave .
sam groaned and turned back to her orange juice , gulping it down with a thirst that would n't be denied .
she smelled of oranges .
we did n't want you and alex opening the fridge in search of orange juice and freaking when you found this instead , '' sam admitted wryly as she took out a bag .
he thought the orange might be wrong and tried to wake up the project manager , but he was out cold .
` ` good morning , i- '' with his back to her , cale jerked as if startled and allowed orange juice to splash down over his chin , chest , and then his jeans .
her hair was damp but brushed , she was dressed in jeans and a blue sweater , and she smelled of oranges and spice as she joined him at the table .
the signal was apparently to bring a drink she realized when the man appeared before her with a plastic cup of what looked like orange juice .
` ` they peeled the metal away as easily as peeling an orange .
last time you did it , the orb only got as small as an orange . ''
` ` anyone ever tell you that you look like an orange in that jumpsuit ?
if that strigoi had broken loose ... at my car , we patched neil 's wound and plied him with water and orange juice .
' got'n orange , nanny . '
' what good will an orange do if i hit a vampire in the mouth with it ? '
actually , i 'll have some orange juice , if you ' ve got more , '' hannah said .
claire poured some orange juice into a scooby - doo cup and handed it over before sitting down herself .
claire resisted an urge to fling some orange juice his way .
hannah drained her orange juice down to a pale froth on the bottom of the glass .
and leagues to the south , at the top of a posh town house , a well - trained vampire drone , dressed like a candied orange peel , who looked as though his gravest concern was whether winter cravats permitted paisley or not , sat up straight and began recording an incoming transmission .
annie and me had freshly squeezed orange juice to drink .
disappearing again , she returned with milk , orange juice and a carafe .
she picked up an orange , too awed by him to wonder where he got it .
` ` she puts up with you because she loves you , '' he corrected , and took the orange from her trembling hands to peel it himself .
he did n't hand her the peeled orange , but instead took a section and held it to her lips .
the orange was one of her favorites and difficult to get .
damon was lounging near the window , peeling an orange , not even dressed yet .
damon tossed away the orange .
trees formed small groves of oranges and lemons with taller evergreen towers on the corners of the stone - fence - wrapped garden .
she sat in the corner , snarling at anyone who got close , and drank orange juice all night . ''
she just sits at that map of hers , drinking orange juice . ''
just twenty or so glasses , all with a drop of orange juice in the bottom .
` ` oh ... '' i breathed , recalling ivy 's fondness for orange juice .
tucking her long , enviably straight black hair behind an ear , she went to the fridge and pulled out the orange juice .
that she was drinking orange juice was a good sign .
` ` slowly , '' he crooned , ivy 's breath smelling of oranges .
claire took an orange and a bottle of water .
she felt a surge of nausea , and stopped peeling her orange .
she peeled the rest of her orange , broke loose a slice , and ate it with methodical determination - not hungry , no sir , but well aware she was still shaky .
he paused in the act of biting into the orange .
he finished the orange and chugged the rest of his coke .
she 'd practiced giving injections with the needle on an orange , but this was different .
blue eyes glinting in amusement , he set the orange juice on the counter and shut the fridge .
licking the orange from his fingers , he started messing with kist 's cds .
the clean scent of oranges slipped under the door with the steam .
` ` get some water for rachel and an orange juice for me , '' she said , her white fingers gripping him tighter than was polite or necessary .
she had taken pills with her orange juice every afternoon .
` ` you smell good ... like oranges , '' she whispered , setting my pulse pounding , but at least i did n't smell like her .
lots of things bothered her since having glutted herself on piscary 's blood : the sun , too much noise , not enough noise , the lack of speed of her computer , the pulp in her orange juice , the fish in her bathtub until jenks took it out back and had a fish fry to boost his kids ' protein levels before fall hibernation .
she took a piece of toast and an orange before coming to sit next to me .
she plucked at the orange 's peel .
macrieve was shirtless in a pair of low - slung , broken - in shorts , drinking orange juice straight out of the jug .
she felt lash 's awful mitts on her skin ... his body inside of hers , pounding away -- annnnd there was the orange juice .
tossing his keys down on the counter in the kitchen , he cracked the sub - zero and wished there were fresh orange juice in there .
final y , meredith reached out and took an orange slice off matt 's plate .
i had a bad feeling starr 's idea of ` ` brunch '' was not toast and orange juice , but something a whole lot darker .
bloodwas power and life and energy and food and drink.if she drained this man like squeezing an orange , shewould have the power of his very essence .
but ... he was a man , not an orange .
hannah gulped down the dregs of her orange juice and dashed into her bedroom to grab her backpack .
` ` they really mean it when they say ` blood ' oranges , '' ivy acknowledged .
alessandro was just closing the coffeepot and turning it on and edward was squeezing fresh orange juice .
alessandro asked , holding the plate out for her as edward poured fresh - squeezed orange juice into her glass .
` ` havarti and orange juice ? ''
ms . terwilliger handed me a thermos full of orange juice , which i drank greedily .
she was sweating heavily , and i handed her some orange juice we 'd had ready .
nodding , he headed for the door to the basement , adding , ` ` you just stay there and drink your orange juice .
lyssa turned to the bowl of fruit on the counter , picked up an orange and held it , enjoying the feel of the rind , the smell of the juice beneath as she brought it to her nose .
so he took an orange out of the fruit bowl and began to roll it across the table top between his callused palms .
shifting on the stool so he faced her , he released the orange and laid one arm on the counter , his other hand braced on his thigh in an open , casual pose he was sure she knew was deceptive .
jacob picked up an orange out of the fruit bowl and sent it in an impressive sizzling straight line drive across the kitchen .
she heard the barking of the other dogs , startled by the appearance of the orange , initiating a mass chase .
english - style toast in delicate wire holders , five different types of jam , two kinds of bacon , johnnycakes , syrup , even freshly squeezed orange juice .
garlands of expensive and exotic flowers hung along the pews , and the scent of orange and lemon was heavy in the air .
at dark lyssa had them stop at a closed produce stand and take several oranges .
when she woke , she fished about and found one of the oranges .
her fingers coaxed the skin from the flesh of the orange , her knuckles getting moist from the abundant juice of the homegrown fruit .
she said it with a smile in her voice , but she had an entirely different expression as she extended the next slice of orange to jacob .
then he remembered her peeling an orange in the darkness , eyes glowing green like a cat in the night .
` ` is anyone selling oranges , do you think ? ''
his mate would have her oranges before the day ended .
along the way , he sent a few of his men to search for oranges .
` ` i was called away to look for oranges , but i ' m here now .
he was holding an orange .
she nearly dropped the orange as she noticed the rest of him .
clutching the orange , she sprang forward , racing around him , careful not to touch him .
she forced me to drink the orange juice or cold water .
there were apples and oranges cut open and glistening upon a plate .
i ate these hungrily , amazed at the crispness of the apples , and the chewy fibrous quality of the oranges .
instead i drank some more of the delicious orange juice , and i began to think of things ... remember things .
drink the orange juice .
seized by additional panic , alexia dashed over , narrowly missing being hit by a cart full of oranges .
first of all , it was far more fiercely illuminated than the ghastly court , where i had just stood trial , if it could be called such , and it was an entire world unto itself - a rectangular court planted with dozens of olive trees and other flowering trees , orange trees , lemon trees , and all of these strung with lanterns .
through a haze , i saw the lords pass beneath the jagged thorny branches of the blooming orange trees , where fruit hung still , as though none of these swollen , lethargic souls needed such a fresh and bright thing as an orange .
lilies and irises were mingled in patches , and the oranges were ripe and almost red as they hung from the trees .
she asked , going to the fridge and coming out with the orange juice .
her fingers gripping her orange juice were white from pressure .
untouched orange juice beside her , ivy shook her head .
and it got even better when she handed him a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice .
the menu was reasonably priced ( okay , it was cheap , which was why he could afford to come here for a rare treat ) and extremely limited - basically water , milk , soft drinks , orange juice , and chicory coffee .
boy , did he smell good : like oranges and peat - mellowed whisky .
as long as he told himself over and over again that he needed orange juice , bread , and peanut butter , plus lightbulbs , he could keep the dreadful vision at bay .
lucas walked with me to a nearby market , where we grabbed a couple of bottles of orange juice and some honey buns .
everything smelled like furniture polish and oranges .
in the corner , a mini - fridge held a few boxes of orange and apple drink ; balthazar thrust the apple stuff at her .
i had just sat down and ordered an orange juice when detective hammer , my cop friend , stepped into the restaurant .
now i nearly choked on my orange juice .
` ` she bandaged your arm , gave me some orange juice , and lit out of here like the two of us had sprouted horns . ''
that side of his skull collapsed , and blood squirted out of him like juice from an orange .
roughly two hundred people were gathered around the pool already , while dozens more giant waiters moved through the crowd bearing trays of food and neon - colored drinks topped with tiny umbrellas and skewers of fresh lemons , limes , oranges , and pineapples .
it made me want an orange .
while the pancakes cooked , i also crisped up some bacon , put on a pot of chicory coffee , and made fruit smoothies with fresh - squeezed orange juice , vanilla yogurt , and a drizzle of sourwood honey that jo - jo had bought at some store called country daze , according to the label .
my salad consisted of leaves of lettuce , tastefully arranged to frame the thin slivers of orange , and a scattering of other greenery .
i speared a slice of orange with my fork and ate it .
` ` apples and oranges , '' i said dully .
the word tasted slimy , as if i 'd bitten into a rotten orange .
for all i knew , stepping into the circle would result in some weirdness manifesting in the middle of it and squeezing me like a juice orange .
when everyone stayed motionless - including myself - at the woozy mage 's abrupt demand , antonio sighed and lifted the empty orange juice bottle off the nightstand ... and literally ... smacked cahal in the ass with it .
ezra pulled an orange juice out of the mini - fridge and handed it to her .
she hung up the receiver , finished her orange juice , and went into the bedroom to get dressed .
she also found a box of apples , bananas , and oranges .
she did as he asked , remembering that the red cross always gave her orange juice after she donated blood , too .
they always give me cookies with my orange juice . ''
ana luisa picked up an orange and began peeling it before kari could stop her .
` ` but i am hungry now , '' ana said , popping a segment of orange into her mouth .
plucking the orange from the girl 's hand , she dropped it in a plastic sack and added it to the items in the cart .
though she was n't really hungry , she knew she needed to eat to keep her strength up and she forced herself to eat one of the bran muffins she had bought the day before , and to drink some orange juice .
the lingering scents of bread , bacon , eggs , roast beef , french fries , orange juice , and coffee hung in the air .
since she was n't really hungry , she settled on buttered toast and orange juice for breakfast and then , because she was curious , she made her way down to erik 's lair .
` ` a little orange juice in the batter , '' alex said with a shrug , but she could see he was pleased by the compliment .
she loved malts and chocolate milk and orange juice , but she would n't be happy living on a liquid diet , especially one as stringent as theirs .
the waitress arrived with her orange juice only moments later .
she would miss real food - apples and oranges , artichokes and tomatoes , a good steak .
if the gossip behind gwen 's disappearance was juicier than the oranges she 'd had in rome , victoria figured it was only fair .
he drew the scalpel blade abruptly across the underside of the wrist , slicing it open like the rind of an orange .
` ` i want an orange . ''
sali tossed the bottle of orange to cori and lifted out a cola for himself .
ashe was gulping orange juice when his cell phone rang .
once he had that going , he offered a soda to cori , who took an orange .
sali clambered up the steps and looked expectantly at ashe , who sent him on his way with an orange soda as well .
ashe twisted the cap off his bottle of orange soda and drank .
wylend observed as a servant poured fresh orange juice for him at the breakfast table .
it worked , so i thanked him again and walked down the hall drinking orange soda as i went .
holding something that looks like an orange cut in half .
i point to the orange , and he pulls two out of the case .
i point at the meat congealing in a grayish sauce in a bowl on the table , next to two fortune cookies and a sad - looking orange .
anyway , as we were standing there watching the spray of water on the rocks , i had the craziest feeling that it had all happened before , down to the smell of the orange my mom was peeling and the exact reflections of the trees in the surface of the water .
first stop : two hash browns , three eggs and orange juice at mcdonald 's ; second stop : a grande caramel macchiato from starbucks and a protein bar from the glove compartment .
but the juice tastes fresh - squeezed from actual oranges , the toast has been lightly buttered , and i even manage a bit of the omelet .
without turning , i continue peeling the orange in my hand , separating the continue peeling the orange in my hand , separating the smooth rind from the fruit below by tearing pieces away and dropping them into the sink .
without turning , i continue peeling the orange in my hand , separating the continue peeling the orange in my hand , separating the smooth rind from the fruit below by tearing pieces away and dropping them into the sink .
maybe a place with oranges .
i ai n't never had an orange .
but not for oranges .
i take my last shillin ' and slap it down on the bar and call for food and we get stews and fishes and oranges and , even though i loves me old - horse - and - biscuit back on the dear old dolphin , the change is just the thing .
we have tasted oranges and ale .
as he dumps his carrots on my plate as a joke , and then everyone follows his example , until there 's a huge mound of orange .
` ` the woman i want to introduce you to is running a bit late , '' vivian began after ordering a mimosa for herself and an orange juice for me .
ren was peeling an orange on the counter .
flowers and leaves all twisted around each other - words , alphabets , apples , oranges , urns , and weeping willow trees - all made out of thread on white cloth and framed with fine wood and ... ` ` yes .
there are framed paintings on the wall , mostly of fields and mountains and trees , but there 's one of a fluffy white cat and there 's one of three oranges in a plate .
go to the corner store and get us some fresh orange juice . ''
akiva gestured to the crowds in the square , the vendors building their pyramids of oranges , the tourists toting cameras and parcels of shopping .
- '' basic health measures , '' the safety , health , and happiness handbook , 12th edition the smell of oranges has always reminded me of funerals .
she has a whole orange in one hand .
at the funeral i ate four oranges , section by section , and when i was left with only a pile of peelings heaped on my lap i began to suck on those , the bitter taste of the pith helping to keep the tears away .
i open my eyes and grace leans forward , the orange cupped in her outstretched palm .
` ` here , '' i say , and show her how to peel the orange using her nail , unwinding bright orange curls and dropping them in her lap , the whole time trying to hold my breath against the smell .
it 's already hot in the bedroom , and when i crack the window to sweep out the smell of orange , the air outside feels as thick and heavy as a tongue .
the smell of oranges is still strong , and my stomach does another swoop .
when i ' m setting the table for dinner , i accidentally pour wine in gracie 's juice cup and orange juice in my uncle 's wineglass , and while i ' m grating cheese i catch my knuckles so many times in the teeth of the grater my aunt finally sends me out of the kitchen , saying she 'd prefer not to have a topping of skin for her ravioli .
` ` just the other day , i asked andrew to reorder three cases of vik 's orange juice .
i finished another piece of bacon and downed the rest of my orange juice .
i went to the kitchen and poured some orange juice .
it still tasted like orange juice , but a bitter edge to it burned her throat .
` ` like the orange juice that 's made from concentrate ? ''
i dropped my orange juice and you started to clean it up , trying to help , and i , uh , well , you know what i did . ''
sara told her she wanted her to add some orange and i tried to give her shit by making her do the whole thing like that . ''
tina walters looked like she was going to pass out ; eva alvarez was holding her orange juice halfway between the table and her mouth - but macey mchenry seemed to have barely noticed that boys were walking past the sophomore table .
but i could never be all of myself , especially then , because a solid twenty percent of me wanted to spike zach 's morning orange juice with truth serum and be done with it .
she got jostled by a food vendor moving a cart full of very strange - looking oranges .
she downs the rest of her orange juice .
i would eat breakfast and wonder if whoever took her knew that hope did n't like orange juice and whether or not they were letting her have white milk , because that was her favorite .
tarik picks up an orange and hands it to me .
only after i start peeling my orange does tarik take his own .
after they leave , i sit back down and take a bite of my orange .
i almost choke on my orange .
malaysian mint , atomic orange , blushingham palace , canadian maple leaf ... no , no , no , no .
he pulls out the orange juice .
i laughed , spraying orange juice through my nose .
if she wanted a coke but could n't remember the word for it , she 'd cover up and just ask for orange juice .
i say good morning and go the fridge for some orange juice .
we walk down the tiny paths in between the beds , the air thick with humidity and manure until wolfgang points out a section of tulips in fuchsia , sunburst , and one explosive citrusy combo that looks like a blood orange .
i was enveloped by her smell , oranges and leaves , that ever - present loamy tang of her tinctures , and the canals and all their murky secrets .
i grunt a yes , acting casual as i slug back some orange juice from the container .
shrugging , i shuffled by her and grabbed the orange juice .
dee choked on her orange juice .
` ` i offered orange juice , '' i replied , taking my glass to the table .
it was smaller than i expected it to be , about the size of an orange .
1 oranges , peaches , and limes , oh my !
it was from victoria 's secret and had little oranges , peaches , and limes all over the , er , boob parts .
the room smelled like organic coffee , freshly squeezed orange juice , and the slightly wilted wildflowers thaddeus had sent ella the other day .
she 'd forgotten how soft his hair was , the feel of his slightly scratchy face against her neck , and how he smelled like freshly squeezed oranges .
it no longer smelled of sweet , tangy orange peels .
` ` can you pick up orange juice ? ''
spencer hastings unwrapped an orange popsicle and slid it into her mouth .
` ` oh , uh , i 'll just have some orange juice . ''
emily blinked at the empty chair , then stared at the two inches of orange juice left in her cup .
the air smelled soothing and fresh , like sandalwood mixed with fresh oranges .
mike , who was drinking orange juice out of the carton , let out a cross between a choke and a cough .
chapter 7 shopping , with a splash of awkwardness nana 's house was cool and smelled like fresh oranges when spencer walked through the side door later that morning .
she raised her orange juice glass in a toast .
scott sips his orange juice .
joannie and daniel delight in the piles of sweetened tropical fruit placed on the table - oranges , grapefruit , pomegranates , passion fruit , bananas - and the drinks made from them , as well as a rice water and sugar mixture that they especially like .
` ` maybe we can peel her like an orange . ''
she stabbed a piece of orange .
then i 'll squeeze you some fresh orange juice and make a warm compress for your throat . ''
and a large salad bowl full of vanilla ice cream , orange juice , and vodka ... .
it even gave off a fragrance of vanilla and orange .
a while later , a truck showed up and a couple of agents went around distributing donuts , orange juice , and coffee .
the last time you came , you brought an orange , was n't it ? ''
once there , the marauders were hypnotized by the spinning oranges , plums , and cherries , and sank into the quicksand carpet never to return - which proves beyond a doubt that gambling is very , very bad for you . ''
i spray the frying pan with pam , and then let it get good and hot , while i halve oranges and put donna 's automatic juicer to use .
it takes three to four oranges to make a tiny glass of juice , and i end up using twelve , just so ricky , donna , and i will get all the vitamin c we need to fight frickin ' colds and whatnot .
there 's coffee in the pot and orange juice in the refrigerator ; bowls are in the second high cupboard to your left and utensils in the drawer below it . ''
i sip my orange juice and then place the empty glass back on the table .
there 's cream cheese , fruit , orange juice , and coffee .
i followed katherine through the doorway and over to a gigantic tower made entirely of oranges , which i had to admit looked much more impressive in living color than it had in the black - and - white photos that i had seen .
her skin was soft and sweet and matched her honeysuckle - orange scent absolutely .
when she stood , her honeysuckle - orange scent drenched my senses and i nearly fell over mrs . kitt .
if i were the one to douse the room in freshly squeezed orange juice , mom would be giving me her disappointed look , the one that says i take every single thing i get for granted and always have .
the clerk on duty gave emma an orange popsicle and let her sit on the ice freezer at the front of the store while he made some phone calls .
laurel asked after swallowing a slug of orange juice .
on the table sits a carafe of coffee , just - baked lemon - poppy muffins , and a pitcher of freshly squeezed orange juice from our orange tree in the front yard .
i squeeze my orange juice hard , wanting to break the glass .
` ` i 'll have a caramel macchiato and an orange scone . ''
a glass of cold orange juice .
i almost choke on my orange juice .
i 'd picked up his favorite sandwich - apple and ham on a hoagie - and two cups of fresh - squeezed orange juice .
fine for growing oranges and tangerines , so that 's all to the good , i suppose .
i know oranges grow in spain , but i sure do n't see any .
there are some apples on plates , a couple of oranges , some crockery , two dead rabbits - probably dinner - and much drapery .
` ` get me three oranges , cut in half and laid on a tray !
i am withdrawing the cork with my teeth as dika comes in with the tray of sliced oranges .
the captain had put into those ports on the pretext of taking on fresh supplies - anyway , that is how he entered them in his logbook , assistant purser higgins reports , but methinks the captain did not so much desire oranges , lemons , fresh water , and such , as much as he wanted his good , honest graft - his twenty percent skim off the top of the crews ' take .
i smiled back at her and looked down to see she was drinking orange juice and not coffee .
he reached into the bag and pulled out an orange juice for me .
gunner sat down next to me and pulled out a bowl full of fresh fruit , a strawberry - banana yogurt , and an orange juice .
i got up and went out the other morning and found wildflowers , in december mind you , and made a little bouquet and brought them up to heather with breakfast and fresh squeezed orange juice .
like doug , noah deliberately invaded her personal space , pressing close to her to reach for the glass and the orange juice .
but she smelled amazing , like chocolate orange , and she felt amazing , so soft and warm ... oh man .
he orders two glasses of orange juice and two bagel - and - egg combos , then parks the car .
i filled my pockets with fruit , with apples and oranges and hard brown pears .
she placed the breakfast plate in front of coraline , along with a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice and a mug of frothy hot chocolate .
she gasped and threw an orange at his head .
in the cave were cooler than outside , and it felt like everything had peeled back like the skin of an orange and i were left with this , the heart of it all .
the food we ate - my god , you should have these oranges that we just pulled down from trees .
some were familiar , including oranges , lemons , bananas , plums , apricots , apples , pears , and kiwis .
he puts the orange juice back in the fridge and shuts the door .
five packets of instant jell - o : two lime , one orange , one lemon , one cherry .
there was fruit in the refrigerator - oranges and apples - as well as eggs , a carton of milk , butter , a variety of vegetables , and a bonus : two packages of ground beef , still fresh , and a string of sausages .
the steam was sweet and smelled orange .
she put a hand behind his neck , pulled his mouth to hers , and then they were kissing , and kept kissing , and his lips were warm and tasted of sweet oranges , and she focused on that , gave herself over to the feel of his mouth and his hands in her hair , the scorch of his fingers over her cheeks , her neck .
the air smelled of warm oranges .
or they ' ve got that artificial stuff , in case you like that , or orange juice . ''
i watched her thrust the keys into her pocket , stroke the baby 's cheek , and give him a quick kiss before shoving two stray oranges back into her paper bag .
i was holding a nine - dollar orange juice that baby 's budget had paid for .
my future was looking pretty great already , and i could n't wait to see what would happen if i added orange juice to it .
right now i was basking in the contentment of having done a job well and having earned a damn orange juice .
luckily , the granite had been chosen to provide a wipe - clean surface for blood , orange juice , and disappointment .
the air smelled like oranges and pretzels and neon pink .
oranges studded one tree , lemons another .
hers was a memory made up of snapshots : being dragged through the snow by a pack of wolves , first kiss tasting of oranges , saying good - bye behind a cracked windshield .
it was six years ' worth of kissing , her lips coming to life under mine , tasting of orange and of desire .
in the kitchen , i eat an entire orange and a piece of bread slathered with quite a bit of our precious butter .
the price of an orange is so dear that normally i would have borrowed one of mum 's techniques for making each fruit go as far as possible .
with a few oranges , mum would make an orange cake , flavor butter or icing for a treat , and simmer some marmalade with the rest .
if we did eat an orange just as an orange , we 'd share the sections among us .
if we did eat an orange just as an orange , we 'd share the sections among us .
i also ate an entire orange without telling finn , because i knew he 'd be annoyed . ''
ronan said , ` ` so let 's go get some orange juice . ''
they went and got some orange juice .
the whole room smelled familiar , like oranges , or baby powder , or maybe like a new textbook .
when i woke up he was still asleep , so i ordered room service , a plain bagel ( since i did n't know how he liked them ) , a bagel with everything , a pot of coffee , and an orange juice .
then i remembered my dream , of the gigantic kropp fish and the little suckers all over my body , and how when i first woke up on the pandora , i was dizzy and drank those big glasses of orange juice .
two hands slapped down hard on either side of the tray from across the table , knocking conor 's orange juice into his lap .
lzaro from kory tours , who was working even late sunday afternoon , waited for them down below next to a basket full of fresh picked mangos and oranges for a snack before they headed back to coroico .
the citric aroma of the three oranges noah had eaten wafted to his nostrils , still on his skin , and he inhaled deeply .
the scent of mint pomade and syrupy orange made noah 's head buzz .
coroico , with its stunning scenery , picturesque small - town charm , thick with plantings of coffee beans and oranges ?
alejo played absently with the fringe on a canvas bag of oranges that was part of the truck 's cargo .
no orange juice in the fridge , so i include a glass of milk and a small plate of strawberries on the side of the tray .
the bag was filled with oranges , apples and bananas .
i pulled an orange from the bag and handed it to max ; he took out an apple , stuck it in his pocket and handed the bag back to the passenger .
that night , just before they went to bed , scott made up a tray of food ; two apples , two peeled oranges and a couple of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches then took the tray out to the garbage drums .
i said any way i can ; we do nt even have room i know , dad , thanks for worrying about me , she gulped the last of her orange juice and slammed the glass down on the counter .
he watched a few minutes in silence , enjoying his orange juice .
he pulled out the saddle , that was put in the corner , in an oranges empty box .
she thought that she must have guessed right because she saw no orange .
the air was balmy and filled with spring perfumeslilac , mock orange and kudzu .
about all you need are some dandelion blossoms , fresh lemon juice , oranges , sugar , yeast , hot water , and a little patience .
while pouring himself an orange juice , he heard a booming laugh from the vestibule leading into the gym .
shortly after , as i sucked down a glass of freshly - squeezed orange juice , elizabeth disappeared from the room as the doorbell rang .
i even took a swallow as i put my orange juice down , took a hearty sniff , and turned to the kitchen door .
ever since those oranges abducted us , he s been underfoot and driving us crazy so we need to get rid of him for a few weeks .
i prefer nectar of oranges .
he took a long swallow of the orange drink , which was cold , sweet , and delicious .
i thought he looked like an overgrown orange , but roman masked balls apparently demanded some color .
he bought four oranges at another fruit stand and the hawker took his silver and gave three coppers in change .
he liked the apple from the ship , but never had an orange before .
they each enjoyed the orange and three more apples apiece .
quaint paintings hung on the walls and a burning fireplace off to the back gave off an aroma of orange and hickory .
on the other side were apple and orange trees along with red raspberries , mulberries and blueberry bushes .
richard made sure that the oranges and lemons had been freshly picked while still green ; the big man understood .
a sudden light breeze wafted the impossibly sweet , heavy scent of orange - blossom from the walled garden nearby .
grapes and oranges acquired by scouts are casually dined upon while the king of thieves angrily tosses his helm to the floor , then sits on his iron throne uncomfortably .
why do nt we just drive through a plate of glass carried by a couple of plate glass delivery guys , then crush a fruit wagon full of melons or oranges ?
careening into a side street , it thundered through an open street market , smashing carts and wagons full of watermelons and oranges .
once the girls found the x on the ground , they had to find the oranges with a black x marked on them .
it was their mission to find , obtain and retrieve back the oranges to me before lunch which gave them two hours .
the orange was perched on a windowsill on the third floor of a six - floor building .
the second to find an orange was lilim .
lillu and zophiel spotted the chalky x near an orange tree orchard and spread out combing the trees for the orange with an x on it .
within ten minutes ariel came back , tossed me an orange with a black x and sat down next to me on the couch .
i peeled the orange and split it with her while we waited for the other girls .
ezra had counted the rooms and knocked on the door of the room she thought the orange was in .
a nearby stray dog saw the orange fall and thinking it was some sort of fun chew toy , picked up the orange in its mouth and ran away .
a nearby stray dog saw the orange fall and thinking it was some sort of fun chew toy , picked up the orange in its mouth and ran away .
then lilims heart stopped as she watched the man pick up the orange with the x on it .
by this time lillu and zophiel had hopped the fence that was entangled with barbwire and were already racing up the tree towards their orange .
ripe oranges plummeted to the ground with loud thuds as if they were air bombing the ants below .
lillu reached the orange first and plucked it off the branch .
even when ezra thought she was gaining on the dog , the dog would look back and speed up , biting into the orange little by little and letting the juices leak into his mouth .
with big playful eyes , he squeezed the orange a few times more in his mouth if to do nothing but taunt ezra .
with her free hand she reached for the orange trying her hardest to loosen the orange from the dogs mouth and pry it out .
with her free hand she reached for the orange trying her hardest to loosen the orange from the dogs mouth and pry it out .
did i mention i promised the girls a secret mystery prize for the one to bring me back the orange first ?
if they did nt return with the orange , they run the risk of being the only ones to get disqualified .
after trying for fifteen minutes the dog would not let go of the orange .
in the marketplace , the man turned around and faced lilim with the orange in his hand .
he picked another orange out of his bag and continued on .
on their way back to kials , lillu and zophiel kept snatching the orange away from the other playing keep away .
while playing however , zophiel and lillu had their hands both on the orange and pulled away from each other .
in her arms was the dog with the orange still in his mouth .
the dog spit out the orange next to me .
the x was still on the half of the orange that was nt eaten , so i counted it .
each handed me half of the orange and sat across the room from each other .
so girls , i started , i was supposed to end up with five oranges but somehow ended up with three half oranges , a orange covered in slobber and a dog .
so girls , i started , i was supposed to end up with five oranges but somehow ended up with three half oranges , a orange covered in slobber and a dog .
so girls , i started , i was supposed to end up with five oranges but somehow ended up with three half oranges , a orange covered in slobber and a dog .
the winner of the mystery prize goes to ariel who brought me the orange only ten minutes after the contest started .
in her back pocket was a sharpie marker she had used to draw an x on an orange she found at a fruit stand .
i could smell the fresh sharpie when she handed me the orange but to be fair i never told the girls that they could nt cheat .
sliding on my gas mask , i disappeared into the forest as a third bullet shattered part of a tree trunk and left a hole the size of an orange .
the last room had a dozen fruit trees , already bearing ; oranges , lemons , apples , a peach tree and an avocado tree were in sealed plastic containers ready for shipment .
i like the orange juice one , also the chicken in vegetable soup ; it tastes like soap , but i doubt there are any diners up here we can just pull the beer can up to .
.. we are so happy to be aboard the iss with their crew and , as a gift from earth , we have brought a bottle of good californian champagne , fresh orange juice and made - this - morning on earth , fresh danish for the crew up here , said a smiling man in a space suit holding up the gifts for the iss crew .
asked jonesy , watching vin peer out of his side portals while breakfasting on a self - heating pouch of scrambled eggs and ham and a cold pouch of orange juice , without the usual additive .
they had entered the craft , cleaned up , and eaten a pouch of stew , and an orange juice .
fruit , the promised bottle of vodka , a half - full bottle of real orange juice , and several packets of cookies looked back at him .
dantes says , monsieur , please give the following order to the maitre d to brew a night - cap , using these ingredients : 1 cup apple cider , 1 cup red wine , 1 - 1/2 cups pomegranate juice , 2 sticks of cinnamon , 1 whole orange peel , a dozen whole cloves pierced into the orange peel , and 6 ounces of cointreau .
she held a tray piled with fluffy pancakes , crisp bacon , eggs and orange juice .
in awhile the bees no longer saw him as a threat and they went back to the business of pollinating the orange blossoms .
she saw him sprawl on his back , suck the juice from an orange , and slip the rind into the hat , barely lifting the board .
the smell reminded me of frozen mandarin oranges for some strange reason .
mixing powder and water in his cup , he prepared his artificial orange juice .
not bad , he told himself , and was shocked to think there probably were nt any oranges within a thousand miles , and certainly no vitamin - enriched , mineral - added , nutritionally balanced crystalline substitutes .
apples and oranges , ted replied .
i bought some mandarin oranges and shredded squid .
i propped my back against a rock and munched my sandwich bulgarian sausage , bread made from american wheat , plus an orange from israel .
it smelt of rotting carcasses with a tinge of fresh lemongrass and some sort of spicy orange .
tracy said bringing the pancakes and the orange juice on the table .
if i go out with the theatre crew they ll expect me to get wrecked , and i ca nt exactly tell them why its orange juice all the way .
perhaps we may find oranges , figs or grapes here .
usually all i need is lemon or oranges for treatment .
he mentioned the grand canyon , the statute of liberty , and eating oranges plucked from trees in florida .
thinking on the wide variety of oranges for example , many are bland and tasteless , others dry and full of large pips .
is that orange juice ?
he swallowed his food , took a drink of orange juice , and then readied his fork for more eggs .
anyway , as long as were at it , how come we drive everywhere we go , or walk but , when you sample realities , omelets , orange juice and beer just appear ?
he reached out and finished his orange juice .
i drank some orange juice from my never - ending carton of tropicana , replaced the cap and put the container back in the fridge .
as each new plate of food was put in front of me , i grew more and more uncomfortable until at long last , as i washed everything down with cups of dark black coffee and fresh orange and mango juice , the procession of dishes came to an end .
someone had given him a blanket and he was sipping an orange juice .
miss priscilla had made a delicious pitcher of mimosa , that refreshing mixture of chilled champagne and orange juice so popular in the south during the summer months .
parry and sinew bought sun oranges from the peddler .
he finished his orange and started peeling another .
* * * pluck carried a tray of cheese , bread , oranges , and wine to the princes cabin .
above his head , a crystal sphere the size of an orange floated serenely .
sahil served three different dishes made from fish he had caught that morning , prawns marinated in some kind of white sauce , chicken , roti and rice , and jugs full of cold , fresh orange juice .
plentiful hampers full of fruits and nuts , oranges , bananas , coconuts , chestnuts and an unending range of other edible platters were let to float out towards the vessels incoming .
and its orange flavored , so that s where you get the citrus smell , scott said , slapping his knee .
he ends up bagging two red - delicious apples , one orange , and one grapefruit from out of a very still produce section before snagging some skim milk and a box of grape nuts to check out with .
the cook answered derisively , she stole some of the fresh oranges and exotic fruits for the regents welcome dinner and then refused to admit the deed .
maybe blood orange batter with a cherry - infused icing would have been the appropriate confection for the occasion .
he smelled just like blood oranges mixed with cherries .
it was right here , in a room just like this , with a vampire that smelled of blood orange and cherries when i discovered what a taste of my blood could do .
i gulped down the remaining orange juice , trying to rinse away the thought , only to have my face sour at the unpleasant combo of mouthwash blended with the acidic orange liquid .
i began to sift through the other offerings in will 's fridge besides orange juice and shook my head at the poorly stocked shelves .
about then , mrs . yan returned with a net bag full of cans of frozen concentrated orange juice .
within seconds , the first can of frozen concentrated orange juice rocketed from the cannon at one hundred - twenty miles per hour .
my ankle was already the size of an orange .
with the diverse menu on offer at skukuza ranging from oranges and corn to cattle and humans , one needed to keep a sharp eye on the wildlife .
you ca n't keep elephants from oranges with a fence meant for cattle . ''
a wide variety of fruit trees were in evidence close to the house - oranges , paw - paw , guava , lemon , mango , litchi and others .
` ` and the secret oranges ? ''
anton asked , indicating the bag of oranges lying at his feet .
let 's hang up his oranges and get the hell out of here . ''
he plucked an orange and was peeling it with his clasp knife when a familiar sound barely registered in his auditory system .
i did , however , take one last drive down there to see what had happened with the bag of oranges .
in the place of the oranges there was something else tied on to the rope . ''
there were even a couple of men with torches ripping oranges from the nearby trees , sometimes carelessly tearing down a whole branch to get to a particularly succulent - looking fruit .
it opened , not in two halves , not with a lid or hinge , but in segments like a chocolate orange .
occasionally he chewed , sipped some orange juice .
he selected an orange juice from the dispenser , and paid for his meal using his lunch money .
the driver of the car ahead took a long time explaining the oranges inside a secret compartment of the trunk .
rodolpho drank his orange juice and gabril went to buy a refill of coffee .
ervin , that s what i said and but first , i have some tea or orange juice for you and your handsome sons ?
but mom , i just got back from ballet class , she protested , beginning to weigh the new offer against a pleasant pastime of tv and orange juice .
the house appeared empty and she thought it best to simply go to the kitchen and ransack the fridge if mommy had forgotten to make her favorite orange juice before leaving for the market with gavin .
* * * matthew came home with stephanie when they usually did and went straight to the fridge for his orange juice .
jorge lifted his arms in surrender and the jacket and handful of oranges and apples fell to the ground .
they opened the bag of food and pulled out oranges and apples from the market and passed them around .
he peeled an orange over a trashcan , wiping the sleep from his eyes .
he ate the orange as he walked down the boardwalk towards the panamanian ship .
mr . honkers swallows down some orange juice , of which he had specifically requested , to wash away his current mouthful .
wash your clothes plus eating oranges for the vitamin c will prevent any type of boil .
with the right clothes , a bit of makeup , and a couple of oranges ; he could easily pass as a woman .
ate bing makes delicious orange juice .
my advice : do nt drink too much of ate bings orange juice , he scoffed .
beans , peas , squash , onions , berries , nuts , cabbages , yams , wheat , oats , peanuts , okra , black - eyed peas , tomatoes , rice , oranges , melons , chocolate , southern women were the great gardeners , hunters , fishers , and cookers that survived the civil war and the great depression up until now , laughs with the beaus .
when i returned to my apartment half an hour later i found a note from the utility man saying everything was fine with the gas lines , but maybe i should empty my garbage can , which was overflowing with rotten banana skins and empty orange juice cartons .
why do nt you check that out while i get us some orange juice ?
blocking the entrance were splintered boards and three oranges cones .
the lemons , limes , oranges , onions , whatever , once a week .
time for some orange juice .
jeremy kicked an empty cardboard box out of the kitchen , downing his orange juice in one venomous gulp .
with this orange , i reach my ultimate relaxing statemy high .
his one lucky punch ruined my orange .
in his hand was an orange the size of a softball .
i raise the orange in the air and say , cheers , with a faint smile .
i come to and look down to realize i finished the orange , and a fly lands on my hand .
i see you finished your orange .
i look back at paul and ask , can i get another orange ?
a tap on my shoulder turned me around and paul was holding out an orange .
i ask him as i take a chunk of peel off the orange .
i want another orange .
chris walked up , holding a plastic bag full of oranges , after gabriel cut the engine .
chris exclaimed , handing gabriel the oranges .
that too , he said and walked to the passenger side of the gtograbbing an orange from the plastic bag .
gabriel , still eating his orange , climbed back into his car and said , try to keep up this time , he joked .
he was on his third orange .
see if they have any oranges , gabriel said smiling .
no oranges , alyse said and gave gabriel a small bottle of jack daniels .
down by his feet , i noticed a plastic bag filled with oranges .
he took an orange from the bag and tossed it to me .
i do nt care , he saidpeeling away at his orange .
i asked him as i tossed a slice of orange in my mouth .
gabriel dropped his orange , and got to his feet .
i looked down , eating my orange , and watching my step for sticks and brush .
having an orange , i replied and looked down at my handsthey were covered in juice and pulp .
the next morning , after a wonderful meal of eggs , bacon , sausage , cheese biscuits , and freshly - squeezed orange juice , and after a long lecture on how important it was not to talk to strangers , especially those holding guns or missing any teeth , tick and his dad were able to escape for a day of ` ` exploring the wonders of alaska . ''
her old chamber in root was where she , like suzanne , fed me tea and oranges that came all the way from china .
she just gulped it down and chased it with a plastic cup full of orange juice .
we drank his orange juice .
antoine was jumping rope double - dutch with the asian girl , and the two were tossing an orange back and forth while they maneuvered through the ropes .
spring time ... or dead little oranges .
wroan then retrieved the orange past he had created and applied it liberally to the gash on tyran 's shoulder .
she grabbed at some watercress i swear we had never had in the fridge , some herbs , an orange from the fruit bowl , and several other ingredients i did n't recognize .
we will fill your life with everything we need to transform you into something new , she began to peel the rind off the orange , chopping the watercress , and ripping the other herbs as she set them in a bowl .
they walked along the street as they ate , first past a sweet sugared candy floss stand and then the orange , lemon and lime aroma of cuban food .
with her body protesting , she forced herself out of bed and stumbled into the kitchen and grabbed a glass of cool orange juice and two aspirin .
the beast is wedged in a crevasse , the orange unable to get in a killing blow as the beast has withdrawn too deeply into the crack .
the rain has defeated the oranges attempts to use his battle flames .
jadrun grunts as he pushes himself off marus side and takes a few steps toward the orange .
maji asked for some orange juice .
not like orange juice , but close .
the juice of bergamot oranges , unfermented grape juice and the pressings of a few flowers and herbs .
he saw darkly veiled women sitting quietly under tattered awnings , platters of oranges , peppers and dates heaped around them , while others roasted food over smouldering braziers .
he produced , as if by magic , sweet oranges , flat bread , spicy goat meat and a leather flask of tea , warmed by the sun .
their saddlebags had been filled to overflowing by ahmeds wives , nuts and dates and spicy lamb , aromatic rice and juicy oranges , boiled goats cheese and flat , golden bread .
he was fine with orange juice , but sandra could nt function without her coffee in the morning .
it smelled like baked bread and oranges and cloves .
i went to the kitchen and poured some orange juice , got a croissant and sat down to talk to cruz about my new discoveries .
the next morning i was sitting on aunt cats front porch , sipping my orange blossom tea .
the sauce is juice of orange and strawberry , mixed with the essence of spring flowers .
from his robes vildor brought forth a triangular prism , about the size of a large orange .
obediently i strapped a paper hat to my head , accepted a cup of orange soda , and proceeded to plaster the most convincing smile of which i was capable to my face .
he would rip the information out of you and leave you drooling like a baby sucking an orange .
myrel buys all the imported oranges she can find and has it brought to the warehouse .
she offloads a sack of oranges and carries them personally to cook .
look , we have oranges , she says .
cook who is fair by nature sees to it the oranges are distributed to the prisoners .
she turned from them awkwardly , her hands trembling , and pretended to examine a display of fruit , picking up and sniffing an orange .
she dropped the orange where shed found it and gripped the plastic tray that held her food so tightly , her knuckles whitened .
she asked the price for two oranges , did nt like the high quote , and tried to bargain him down .
paris was almost surprised , but mostly intrigued , when he saw her hand dart out and snatch an extra orange , stuffing it into the pocket of her oversized jacket before the shop owner looked back up at her .
he gave her a nod when he finished counting and watched as she took her time selecting an orange .
she leaned over and nudged him softly , waking him as she produced the two oranges .
steak and orange juice .
the delicate aroma of algarian oranges wafted through the air , making her smile her father had bought her mother some of the expensive foreign perfume one birthday , and chaeli could nt recall her mother ever being so delighted as she has been when she opened that gift .
it was said that the liquor tasted different to each who savoured it , and to dal it tasted of aniseed , cinnamon , and oranges .
ghiblin cut an orange into quarters moodily .
you did bring the orange , did nt you ?
my dear boy , i have seen an orange before .
ghiblin cut the orange in half and looked at the pattern of segments .
no - one has seen this one at all , because it grew inside the orange , and it has been hidden inside the orange right up until this very moment .
no - one has seen this one at all , because it grew inside the orange , and it has been hidden inside the orange right up until this very moment .
he tumbled forward and past a tipped - over cart of oranges and blue sparklers before reaching the first tree he could .
his scent was intoxicating , like oranges , making me want to breathe him in .
the smell of oranges came to me so i knew whose arms were holding me .
just an orange juice though , i m mixing the band later .
cracky poured them both a drink of orange juice and passed a glass to aiden .
he asked aiden , pouring him an orange juice .
it was a nurse with a tray of food and orange juice .
i had the energy to sit up in bed after i drunk my orange juice , looking around .
ron and i smirked at each other and sat down with our orange juice .
it was the sign they d been waiting for ; within a moment , screaming with joy or sobbing with gratitude , the skeletal women , men and children fell upon the magical tree and its bounty like a swarm of locusts , wolfing down whole apples , devouring oranges complete with their bitter , moist peel , and swallowing apricot pits as if their stomachs were the seed - hungry earth , while others , down on all fours like grazing cattle , pulled pungent onions and blood - fleshed beets and gobbled them up still caked in soil .
ill end your lies , you giant tarty orange !
ill take the chocolate chip pancakes and some orange juice please , and he will have the ham .
one orange juice , three chocolate chip pancakes , and two slices of fresh ham for the little one .
the fish dude did a cool trick where he cut a orange peel and skinned a bit off and damned if it was nt a little dude with a hard - on made out of that white thing at the top of the orange .
he made me the best scrambled eggs i d ever had , cinnamon toast , bacon and freshly , hand - squeezed orange juice .
its like , it has all been fun and games before , and now things are about to get serious , observed one of the boys , as he dipped a slice of orange he had recently peeled in to his glass of vodka before taking a small bite out of the alcohol laced delicacy .
arconians dipped the ends of their locks in sweet smelling oils , and the room filled with the scent of oranges .
morning sweetie , said george as she filled two tall glasses with orange juice .
the two year old ran over and leapt up onto the couch beside her mother , bouncing a splash of orange juice over the lip of the glass and into georges lap .
we have apple juice , orange juice and milk which do you want ?
he took another bite of his bagel and chewed then took a sip of his orange juice .
devouringall at once , the shock of roots becoming herself as root , turning without moving and being now all the breasts which she sees : twenty - someodd breasts , of all shapes and sizes , flitting through her mind in outside wordsboobs , teats , knockers , bags , bazooms , bazongas , apples , balloons , chubbies , cream - jugs , dugs , dumplings , melons , hooters , love tips , maracas , marshmallows , nuggets , wallopies , peaches , watermelons , upper - deck , milk - bottles , nubbies , oranges , diddies , gazongasmilky wayshuddering to a halt at milky way , for this was proper , proportionate : all these , together , cosmiclike shooting stars and flocks of asteroids and swirling planets around herself as eternal source ... so all came : each passing through her by becoming herher individuality their common body ... kissing her lips to become their lips , stroking her forearm to become their forearm , licking her clit to become their clit , hugging her to become their hug ... each and all one skindalores : a common thought ... dalores , a common word ... the only wordword unto deafness , for she can no longer hear her word , no longer sense her nose , no longer wiggle her toes , no longer lay down and spread her legs frankyoure ever so thoughtful .
here , drink this orange juice .
` ` please get me a lasagna and orange juice . ''
the weather is very clear , everywhere smells something like orange .
i helped myself to some toast and a glass of fresh orange juice .
i coughed and quickly drank some orange just to try and clear it .
put that orange juice to good use . ''
she 'd be out like a light within hours , and some time toward morning jack was going to creep out of bed , find the valiums , crumble a couple of them in a glass of room - service orange juice , and feed them to her with breakfast .
there were all sorts of fruit in the orchard , jack , cherries and oranges and apples and persimmons and plums - every conceivable variety all filling god 's vast cornucopia .
i could see all the oranges and lemons turning black and falling from the tree ; i could see leaves withering and dying .
3 errantry there was a merry passenger , a messenger , a mariner : he built a gilded gondola to wander in , and had in her a load of yellow oranges and porridge for his provender ; he perfumed her with marjoram and cardamom and lavender .
she also takes out a small plastic bottle of freshly squeezed orange juice .
no one had made any further remarks about coats or imperial relations , and after several courses laurence had thawed enough to apply himself with a will to a charming trifle assembled out of naples biscuits and sponge - cake , with a rich brandied custard flavored with orange , when a commotion outside the dining room began to intrude , and finally a single piercing shriek , like a woman 's cry , interrupted the increasingly loud and slurred conversation .
there were multiple salads other women had brought in - my favorite was one with marshmallows , mandarin oranges , and plenty of whipped cream .
laurence rather suspected another two courses had been intended and forgone , though no - one could have complained of the menu so far : fresh - caught roughy in a sauce of lemons and oranges , with fresh peas ; an exceedingly handsome crown roast of lamb ornamented with preserved cherries ; new potatoes in their skins presented alongside veal chops dressed with brown butter ; a whole tunny baked in salt crust , occupying half the table .
he bit into the orange and sucked at the juice .
she swigged orange juice and focused on the cat happily chowing down in the corner of the kitchen .
she picked up her orange juice , limped out of the kitchen into the living room and , with her toe , nudged the four file cartons stacked in the corner .
he paused in the act of raising his orange juice to his lips .
` ` we 're fine , '' sage assured him , chugging back orange juice straight out of the carton .
they do n't shout , ` ` nearly - fresh oranges , only slightly squashy , reasonable value '' , do they ?
and i done you a plate of oranges . ''
suck an orange .
imp obeyed , ducking a fusillade of oranges .
any adventurous sailors who got funny ideas from staring at eggs and oranges for too long and set out for the antipodes soon learned that the reason why distant ships sometimes looked as though they were disappearing over the edge of the world was that they were disappearing over the edge of the world .
the head librarian was sitting on top of his desk , quietly peeling a orange , and was well aware of that .
he read that its height plus its length divided by half its width equalled exactly 1.67563 , or precisely 1,237.98712567 times the difference between the distance to the sun and the weight of a small orange .
the small girl was giving one of them an orange .
' i do n't mind the smell of oranges and the damp trousers but i ai n't putting up with this . '
and the stunned child would murmur ` ` nk you ' and get given a balloon or an orange .
just give me my orange and we 'll say no more about it . '
i can give far more than oranges .
' and fresh orange juice . '
' a sugar pig , a toy soldier , a couple of oranges and that was it .
' so i ' ve sent some of the lads into gebra to get four thousand oranges .
' he sez , the great nunco invented the strawberry sackville for dame wendy sackville , and the famous chef imposo created the apple glazier for dame margyreen glazier , and your own father , charley , honoured dame janeen ormulu with the orange ormulu and tonight , charley , it 's your big chance . '
i can detect ... sugar , milk , butter , cream , vanilla , hazelnuts , almonds , walnuts , raisins , orange peel , various liqueurs , citrus pectin , strawberries , raspberries , essence of violets , cherries , pineapples , pistachios , oranges , limes , lemons , coffee , cocoa- ' ' nothing there to be frightened of , right ? '
i can detect ... sugar , milk , butter , cream , vanilla , hazelnuts , almonds , walnuts , raisins , orange peel , various liqueurs , citrus pectin , strawberries , raspberries , essence of violets , cherries , pineapples , pistachios , oranges , limes , lemons , coffee , cocoa- ' ' nothing there to be frightened of , right ? '
he was also suspicious about the fact that the ruined house was full of oranges , that dr hopkins was babbling about getting sunlight out of them , and that his sparkling little abacus was telling him that something enormous had happened .
' one green with yak butter , and mister vimes will have it boiled orange in a builder 's boot with two sugars and yesterday 's milk , right ? '
` ` to put it another way , any piece of matter , like an orange or the world or , or - '' ` ` - a crocodile ? ''
they came out of places where you 'd think a man with hair like an orange gone nova could n't possibly hide .
hwel snatched a handful of putty from the makeup table and slammed on a wart like an orange .
patrick spewed his orange juice from his mouth .
i muttered into my orange juice glass .
the next morning , reilly went into work from her parents ' house on a full stomach : fresh orange juice , two homemade cinnamon buns , a cup of coffee , and a strip and a half of bacon that she had purloined from her father 's plate .
she returned the soda to the fridge and grabbed a single - serving orange juice instead .
she glanced at alec , who eyed her orange juice with odd intensity .
` ` i watched you exchange the soda for orange juice .
i nearly spit out my orange juice .
and i felt empty , cored out and thrown out like an old orange peel .
i hurried to bring him some orange juice from the little refrigerator .
for one thing , i was in another room - clean , this one , scrupulously martha stewarted , from the stacked pyramid of oranges in a low green tray to the matching rug and throw pillows .
at least , i think it 's orange juice .
i ' ve only even tasted an orange once , at new year 's when my father bought one as a special treat .
chicken and chunks of oranges cooked in a creamy sauce laid on a bed of pearly white grain , tiny green peas and onions , rolls shaped like flowers , and for dessert , a pudding the color of honey .
i 'd need to shoot a second turkey to trade for an orange .
actually , the one on my knee is closer to an orange than a plum in size .
i packed along a bag filled with special foods , cold chicken and cheese and bakery bread and oranges .
i tried to decide how i felt about the kiss , if i had liked it or resented it , but all i really remembered was the pressure of gale 's lips and the scent of the oranges that still lingered on his skin .
those little birds filled with orange sauce , with wild rice and watercress .
he made himself a cheese omelet and a triple rasher of bacon , fried up some small red potatoes with onions and peppers , and washed it all down with a large orange juice and a fresh - brewed pot of jamaican blue mountain .
he has a raw one in his steak tartare on fridays and mrs lavish used to have two raw ones in her gin and orange juice every morning , and that is about it between me ' n ' eggs .
' c'give me a bit of your orange , i gave you a bit of mine'c'come on , you promised . '
he pretends there is some special reason in this particular case why the person who took the seat first should not keep it , or that things were quite different when he was given the bit of orange , or that something has turned up which lets him off keeping his promise .
when the old man stooped down and picked up the ball - he was thinking of turning it into an orange , or even a bone or a piece of meat for rover - rover growled , and said : ' put it down ! '
the oranges were tardy .
the oranges made their appearance on the eighth day .
the oranges were last , as usual .
two days after the table scraps had ceased to fall from their desert sky , four black mobiles surrounded an orange and dragged it back to their maw .
` ` yes , '' kress said , ` ` except for the oranges . ''
` ` the oranges were late to emerge and get established .
an allied force of oranges and blacks broke their formation , divided them , and butchered them .
the oranges had left out most of the fine detail , but the result still seemed monstrous , crude ; a brutal mouth and mindless eyes .
we did n't have to wait long because a couple minutes later , i felt the wash of a succubus aura come over me , one reminiscent of orange blossoms and honey .
my dream - self stood at the sink , arms elbow deep in sudsy water that smelled like oranges .
dooryard gardens reached for spring , with brave blooms opening in wild blues , sassy oranges , delicate whites , topped here and there by the heralding trumpets of daffodils .
the fiddler smelled of oranges and limes , with a hint of some strange eastern spice beneath .
william felt the universe fold away , the little globe of walls and ceilings peeling back like the skin of an orange , leaving a chilly , rushing darkness filled with needles of ice .
truly gigantic platters of brass were set before the dragons , each bearing an entire roasted deer , antlers intact : oranges stuck with cloves were impaled upon them , creating a fragrance not at all unpleasant to human senses , and their bellies were stuffed with a mixture of nuts and very bright red berries .
lastly , he picked up a couple of navel oranges , the expensive kind with the really thick skin .
their grandma was asleep , his dad had medicine , and lizzie was curled up in a chair next to him sucking on an orange slice and happily cracking a cryptogram .
she poured him orange juice and buttered several slices of toast .
beneath that was nikki 's own scent , warm and rich , sweet with an edge , like biting into an orange picked fresh from the tree , drenched in heat , lush and juicy .
i sighed and sipped orange juice .
fresh orange juice .
he wanted a lot of new plants for the conservatory - orange trees , ferns , and bougainvillea - could galton handle that ?
hey , on the bright side , at least i would n't be sporting any embarrassing orange juice mustaches or get into needless fights .
` ` finish your orange juice , james .
as these thoughts raced across my mind , marion surprised the hell out of me by grabbing my orange juice and knocking it back in three big gulps .
a part of me still believed i was back in the pub , drinking my orange juice and pretending to be reading text messages .
to order orange juice in english pubs ? ''
i found an opened case of water , a big bag of chips , a mixed bag of apples and oranges , half a dozen cans of various vegetables , and cans of spam .
two parts vodka , one part orange juice .
we will , if you ll have some more oranges like the ones we ate earlier this evening sent to the cabin .
corra loved the oranges ; they seemed to give her a renewed life that she had not felt since the roman soldiers had captured them .
i will send llew with the oranges , and i shall see you in the morning .
you should have seen it : when the grocery bag broke , an orange rolled right into the foreground , big as a moon .
you are mixing apples and oranges , professor wise , intrinsic worth with systemicthat which we are born with at our first breath with that which society decides we are worth .
a box of sweet , juicy oranges were sent by miss amy woodside , letters and notes poured in by the dozens , and a poem of ardent admiration came from the gushing pen of miss sally chilcot , who was as brainless and silly as her fool of a brother , neil .
there are some oranges left from the batch he had sent up from the docks , and ill put in a good selection of his favorite jellies .
carts filled with oranges and apples stood between barrels of cargo .
we were standing near the blacksmiths admiring a crate of oranges when a cart full of children careens around the corner .
she picked up a massive gold brooch from the jewelry box on her nightstand and rubbed it between her fingers ; though its circumference was easily the size of an orange , and its weight hinted at an unspeakable price , she could nt conjure up any of the happiness she had always associated with such exquisite wealth .
beyond lay geometrical arbors of fruit - laden trees mangoes , apples , pears , lemons , and even oranges .
then after the play begins , he 'll buy her a bag of roasted chestnuts , or maybe some oranges from one of the orange - wenches walking through the galleries .
then after the play begins , he 'll buy her a bag of roasted chestnuts , or maybe some oranges from one of the orange - wenches walking through the galleries .
he had discovered other trees with large oranges , plump with yellow nectar , as well as pomegranates and tamarind just like those he had known in ife , his home city .
the hail started slowly at first with huge scattered stones about the size of oranges .
( back to top ) chapter 28 sunday sunday , may 18 , 1930 as was his custom on sunday mornings , robert rose early and went downstairs for his coffee and orange juice .
i would nt suggest killing all of them though , i do nt think we are likely to get away with that , i said while peeling an orange with a knife .
she put a paperback copy of big sur and the oranges of hieronymus bosch in her bag and rode out past ahnree 's .
picking oranges at griffith , pears at shepparton , grapes at mildura .
jess asked for shiraz , dinah a chardonnay ; lucy stayed with her soft orange whilst george settled for a pint of guinness .
they actually grew pineapples and oranges there along with some exotic flowers . '
` ` aside from his face looking like a dried orange peel , the rest of him is n't so bad ; in fact , he hauls around a better looking physique than most .
` ` i 'd like a cup of blueberry yogurt , one slice of wheat toast , small orange juice , and coffee . ''
the conversation was put on hold while rita drank her orange juice and nellie prepared her hash browns .
just enough orange to provide a tart bite , while the coffee was deliriously sweet .
cold meat , fresh bread and pies , oranges , and the little ones chattering about mrs . maceys two daughters who were giving them lessons to practice their skills so they could become teachers after they d finished school .
its like if i took all the oranges and all the peaches and separated them into their own boxes .
not everybody likes the oranges , they have a tough skin , they are tart and they are a bit hard to eat .
but they are in their box and if i do nt want to have oranges i just leave them be .
never mind , though , there were plenty of other items here that rationing had made in to edible gold : bananas , pineapples , oranges , honey , scrambled eggs made from real eggs and not that powdered rubbish , not to mention the bounteous butter dish were the crew mad to leave this much food unattended ?
he went and collected some fruits ; some oranges , green mangoes ( as they ripe only in summer ) and some strange fruits .
oh life throws you an orange sometimes when you re expecting apples , archie continued .
nell shoved a bag of oranges into marys hand .
a crimson spot , the size of an orange , dotted the linen .
go and fetch some orange juice from the cellar .
uncle marty takes a seat at the table as the sounds of my orange juice and uncle martys coffee being poured fill the kitchen .
look for something that looks like an orange .
are you telling me you ve never seen an orange ?
gramy graham had obviously pulled out all stops in her baking for the high tea and becky watched with some alarm as the children stuffed themselves with millionaires shortbread , jelly and mandarin oranges , and cherry - topped , iced empire biscuits , but felt that in gramy grahams home she could nt interfere .
` ` in the proper french style , you would display salads of anchovies , lemons , bitter oranges , and radishes , accompanied by figs , cheeses with biscuits , and a variety of sausages .
the vineyards yielded several varieties of grapes , the orchards apples , figs , and even oranges and lemons , unusual for a land of harsh winters .
the good boys of the seaforth highlanders managed to scrounge up the essentials to put on a full christmas eve feast ; table cloths and chinaware , beer and wine ; roast pork and applesauce ; cauliflower , mashed potatoes and gravy ; chocolate , oranges , nuts ; and even cigarettes .
i can smell the roast pork and oranges .
perhaps it was due to the solemn occasion of the day that the tables in the great hall had been shrouded in fine linens and spread with a mouth - watering feast of roasted pig and venison , stuffed plover and pheasant , cheeses , imported figs and oranges , and above all , that pleasing wine .
craving orange juice and croissants , she placed a call to room service .
luke shuffled inside to the kitchen and swigged some orange juice from the carton .
as he poured two glasses of orange juice , colette turned her attention to the flatware piled on a paper towel , drying on the counter .
he relented and sipped his orange juice as he watched her obsessive - compulsive mania .
the volunteers had prepared biscuits , gravy , scrambled eggs and orange juice .
i easily lead her back to our house and gave her some orange juice spiked with the sedatives .
he said then sipped from his orange juice .
jake said , taking another sip of his orange juice .
natassia grabbed the vodka first before pouring in the orange juice as an afterthought chaser .
he placed his clear plastic cup down on the table before them , the straw spilling bits of orange .
mangoes and oranges flew through the air , splattering when they hit the ground .
in one corner stood a huge bag of wool , ready to be spun ; in another , a quantity of linsey - woolsey just from the loom ; ears of indian corn , and strings of dried apples and peaches , hung in gay festoons along the walls , mingled with the gaud of red peppers ; and a door left ajar gave him a peep into the best parlor , where the claw - footed chairs and dark mahogany tables shone like mirrors ; andirons , with their accompanying shovel and tongs , glistened from their covert of asparagus tops ; mock- oranges and conch - shells decorated the mantelpiece ; strings of various - colored birds eggs were suspended above it ; a great ostrich egg was hung from the centre of the room , and a corner cupboard , knowingly left open , displayed immense treasures of old silver and well - mended china .
warm orange juice .
did warm orange juice taste good ?
romano leafed absentmindedly through the corriere dello sport and noticed the man who had just walked in only when he ordered a coffee in a glass and some orange juice .
an orange should be eaten in whole segments , to be sure to benefit of it .
for adies parents there were pancakes and coffee and fresh - squeezed orange juice .
lance peeled an orange and sipped on a red bull .
he devoured two oranges in rapid succession .
the castle boasts a large greenhouse or as it used to be called an orangerie , where oranges , lemons , and other fruits difficult to grow in scotland flourish .
they d visited the orangerie earlier that morning , enjoying the humid air , the orange blossoms filling the air with a wonderful scent .
you did nt have any panties on , i should have dropped my napkin at the table , climbed down to get it and taken you in my mouth , made you come as you ate your bloody orange sorbet .
by that point i was just looking for orange juice .
the man who had launched himself forward hit the ground with a smack like a bag of oranges , and he landed there amongst the leaves in such a way that there was no question .
the cake burst with oranges and white chocolate ... and something else ... the something else had some kick to it .
the impact with the walkway was mostly absorbed by the pliable floorboards , but the slam against the mills wall would probably leave a bruise on his shoulder about the size of a ripe orange .
the bindle fell open upon the straw like a picnic blanket to reveal an odd assortment of knickknacks : an animal hide pouch stuffed with tobacco , a deck of playing cards , a box of matches , a buck knife , a tin of sardines , beef jerky , an apple , an orange , and lastly , a plump brown wineskin .
caroline was waiting for her to sit down and as she did , she poured helen a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice .
there was one band in texas called the queen red oranges that started out so bad , that paul preferred the sound of a chorus of barking dogs to their playing and singing .
trevor choked on his orange juice , and looked about as mortified as anyone could look .
maybe you should drink some orange juice .
` ` she took his orange juice and spilled it on the already messed up mac and cheese and chocolate cake , and convinced pat to eat that .
his orange juice was missing .
scurrying into the kitchen , he opened the fridge , pushed past the milk , and saw only recently purchased orange juice .
` ` how 's your orange juice ? ''
she took a sip of her orange juice , and he thought it was odd that , in a week 's time , he 'd wanted to sprint screaming from his home twice .
nearby a short purple goblin in a trench coat , fedora , gloves , and sunglasses was selling rotting oranges and apples to a cackling silver - haired female witch with a hook for a hand .
and breakfast was made for amber 's girls ; french toast with bacon along with freshly squeezed orange juice .
no fried ham and eggs , washed down with freshly squeezed orange juice .
` ` mumph , '' he said to todd , going past him to the refrigerator for orange juice .
and that did it , easy as pulling a segment off a peeled orange ; the fellows who had been bracketing him were suddenly gone like a cool breeze .
' i guess i strained my back out at the plains last night , ' he said , giving me my orange juice .
if it was an orange , he 'd go to bed .
if it was an orange , however ... then i 'd take my lottery winnings and go to disney world . ''
i thought : apple , orange .
she talks about ' the happy darkies , picking oranges and singing simple songs of praise in their mellifluous voices . ' ''
the events of that day have nothing to do with the events of thisone , they 're apples and oranges .
i 'll pick apples this week and potatoes the week after that and when the frost locks up the ground like money inside a bank vault , why , i 'll hop a gs amp ; wm box that smells of sugar - beets and i 'll sit in the corner and pull some hay over me if there is some and i 'll drink me a little drink and chew me a link chew and sooner or later i 'll get to portland or beantown , and if i do n't get busted by a railroad security dick i 'll hop one of those ` ` bama star boxes and head down south and when i get there i 'll pick lemons or limes or oranges .
` ` the two things are like apples and oranges , annie .
meantime , take my word for it , alan - they 're apples and oranges .
the family doctor had had him ad - mitted for tests , and the other symptoms had followed that : phantom smells of oranges and shaved pencils ; occasional numbness in the left hand ; occasional lapses into nonsense and childish obscenity .
his cart was filled with the usual selection of a man thrown rudely into solitary housekeeping : spaghetti , meat sauce in a glass jar , fourteen tv dinners , a dozen eggs , butter , and a package of navel oranges to protect against scurvy .
the crate , he saw , had once contained oranges .
written on the side , in faded letters , was this word : pomona beside the word was a picture of an orange with one leaf clinging to the stem .
` ` with me it 's smellin oranges .
so i am sittin by the boarding gate at logan airport in boston , just waiting to get on my flight , and i start to smell oranges .
then the feeling went away , and the smell of oranges , and i knew it was over .
` ` how about a funny smell , maybe like oranges or sawdust ?
on to sunny california , land of oranges and opportunity .
for the last half hour or so he had been smelling oranges , but he did n't find that queer .
in the back of the limo were two dozen avocados , a crate of cucumbers , ditto oranges , ditto grapefruit .
( jesus , those oranges smell strong .
` ` what a beautiful time we had together , now it 's getting late and we must leave each other ... '' he unrolled the window , pitched his cigarette butt out , then rolled it further down to clear out the smell of the oranges .
and suddenly the smell of oranges intensified and he knew it was coming , something was coming at him .
he was still grinning and mopping his streaming eyes with his handkerchief when the smell of oranges came , thick and gagging , and the bolt followed it , striking him in the head , sending him back against the pink stucco wall in a drunken stagger .
and suddenly the smell of oranges , heavy and cloying , he had just time to reach the men 's room before it came , deafening , terrified : one of the things they had sold to swell their liquid assets a little before moving from vermont to colorado was jack 's collection of two hundred old rock ' n ' roll and r amp ; b albums ; they had gone at the yard sale for a dollar apiece .
his shoulders hunched uselessly against the smell of oranges and then jerked spasmodically .
larry- '' and that was when it struck him full - force , the smell of oranges and the thought - force , heavy and hateful , murderous : ( get out of here you dirty nigger this is none of your business you nigger turn around turn around or we 'll kill you hang you up from a tree limb you fucking jungle - bunny coon and then burn the body that 's what we do with niggers so turn around now ) hallorann screamed in the close confines of the car .
the place was bright in the daytime , and at night a fragrant california breeze , which seemed redolent with oranges even when the only thing it was really redolent with was smog , would drift in through the windows .
you could say it was like , moldy oranges or spoiled fish or the smell you sometimes got in subway tunnels when the windows were open ; none of them were exactly right .
jack 's happy teeth bit an orange : jack 's unhappy flesh screamed as the teeth tore him open .
on this table there is an orange . '
resting on it , a little off - center , was a large orange with the word sunkist stamped on its pocky skin .
we had also brought back several heavy crates of oranges and pears , and four of us working together had been able to swing them to the tops of the lawn - food bags in front of the hole in the glass .
she gobbled eggs , ate seven or eight slices of bacon wrapped in a slice of toast slathered with oleo , and swallowed two large glasses of orange juice .
he drank half his orange juice and gave her a big old billy halleck grin .
he drank orange juice and a cup of coffee ( three sugars ) .
or oranges . '
' a whole bag of oranges . '
he put a net bag filled with navel oranges in billy 's lap .
ginelli slit the bag open with his pocket knife , then cut an orange in quarters with it .
he finished the first orange and borrowed ginelli 's knife to cut a second one into pieces .
billy stood watching until it had disappeared around the comer at the end of the block , and then he started down the hill , swinging the bag of oranges in one hand .
running down the hallway to his room , the boy 's mother heard him screaming : ' it wants to make me eat oranges until i die !
eat oranges till i die !
he took an orange out of the bag and after some effort managed to tear it open .
big glasses of fresh - squeezed orange juice so cold that moisture beaded the glass .
he knew how to juggle oranges found underneath a laden orange tree .
the thudding was the bowling of oranges down the corridor , a fairly normal occurrence .
` ` will that be all sir , will the young ladies be wanting some orange juice , sir , is that what the young ladies will be wanting sir , some orange juice ? ''
` ` will that be all sir , will the young ladies be wanting some orange juice , sir , is that what the young ladies will be wanting sir , some orange juice ? ''
he ran errands , picking up eggs or a pound of blood oranges for him , always getting a tip for his work .
watermelon , strawberry , chocolate , grape and orange .
tell me about it chainsaw boy said while trying to remove the peel from the orange that he had balanced on the table with one of his chainsaw arms , needless to say , he was making a mess .
stupid oranges , how long until we get there anyway ?
as he got into his tower , he quickly apples and an orange as shari finished climbing up .
he held out an orange to her .
after awhile , she started to see pears , tomatoes , plums , and already sliced fresh orange and avocado pieces floating ahead of her .
might as well be oranges and pears .
the oranges were a breed , he told himself , swallowing hard .
being streams of unconsciousness whistling past , oranges , pineapples and lemons , vague orbs whose understanding of reality was limited through experience - or a lack of it .
there were eggs , in poached , fried and scrambled varieties , french toast , pancakes , freshly - squeezed orange juice and at least seven different assortments of fried meats .
i heard dad comment to my mother that the guys probably had added a hefty dose of liquid courage to their orange juice that morning , whatever that meant .
i thought of all the things i could have bought with that nickel a bag of m & ms , a milky way bar or an orange popsicle .
after about twenty revolutions on the fast - moving ferris wheel and conrads constant rocking of our seat , despite my pleas for him to stop , my breakfast scrambled eggs , bacon , cinnamon toast , orange juice and half a banana began to talk to me .
a black nose , two potato - chip ears , and tiny black eyes on a head about the size of an orange popped out of the bag .
his arms wafted over a table filled with breakfast goods , picking up a few oranges as he did .
we have bread , egg in all its forms , bacon , and freshly squeezed orange juice .
an orange exploded in dollops hand .
he wheels his unicycle backwards and forwards , the oranges moving round his head in perpetual motion whilst the band of the wildcat circus plays ' yakety sax ' frenetically .
she has spread out a red - and - white checked tablecloth and placed upon it sausage rolls in flaky pastry , vol - au - vents with creamy mushroom fillings , pork pies , sliced hard - boiled eggs , diced cucumber chunks , halved tomatoes , salmon and cottage - cheese sandwiches , ginger beer , lemonade , apples , oranges and chocolate mini - rolls .
their mother was too busy arguing over the price of oranges to hear .
` ` be quiet , '' she snapped , picking an orange off a pile and squeezing it .
one of the oranges , dislodged from the pile , rolled slowly along the table .
oranges , aubergines , onions , apples bounced around him .
now add one part pineapple and one part orange juice .
timmy looked at the pitiful woman and , without hesitation , knelt down and placed the juicy slice of orange into her mouth .
nels sat , and dined on organic orange juice and the remains of the blueberry scones .
dexter told him that he had often seen them pilfering oranges from the downs - syndrome mans stall .
i ate ( some orange juice too ) and returned to my room packed my bag and left .
james hendry was drinking condensed orange .
cassandra was at least thankful some of the characters were similar to chinese , but the languages were about the same as an orange and a grapefruit : they may vaguely look similar on the surface , but most everything else is completely different .
gently nudging him back to reality , the returning attendant passed him his book and offered him a choice from the tray of beers , orange juice and water .
enjoying a multi - coloured highball glass of campari layered with freshly squeezed orange juice , a dash of angostura bitters and a healthy squeeze of lime - just to cut the palate and stave off scurvy - merlot was ruminating over his morning grid .
after dressing he sprayed his freshly shaved face and head with the cologne he found in his boot - kernel wash - bag , the heavy spicy , orange and citrus of the eau dorange vert stung like hell , and the fragrance instantly took him back to his previous stay .
so he swallowed his wedge of blood orange , along with hers , paid the barman and then dragged her up and down various back alleys to the more salacious nightclubs and zinc topped bars down at the sticky end of the niederdorf , then finally nipped her back up the limmatquai .
perhaps a coffee or orange juice ?
how about that coffee or some orange juice ?
she poured our glasses of orange juice and brought them to the table .
( stands up straighter , he is taller than she is ) miranda : june 2007 , volunteered at the food bank sorting oranges and bagging pasta ! ! !
i used the latin coffee , bustello , advertised as muy sobroso y mas fuerte , ( very tasty yet strong ) made caf con leche ( coffee with heated milk ) and poured some orange juice .
without a word , i handed her a cup full of coffee and a glass full of orange juice .
having grown up in new york , i got a big kick out of having our own orange tree .
too tired to cook , i poured some orange juice and then some cereal with milk .
one time my sister spiked my orange juice before the sats , but that was just vodka ; the other time i got drunk was also an accident .
she watched me as i poured myself orange juice and tequila .
i set my food on the counter , gulped my orange juice , and cracked my knuckles .
chapter seven a dollop of larkspur the reverend colin wheatsheaf delicately peels an orange , longingly examines every single segment , caresses the smooth fleshy texture and pops in the scented memories .
i clutched my orange juice as i listened to granny pattern telling me about her boil .
i fished a fag butt out of my orange juice and went to help myra re - capture her breasts .
we tidy away the equipment and finish our orange squash .
on it were three plates of eggs benedict , home fried potatoes , english muffins , orange juice , and coffee .
what i have to say about that is yeah , right suckers , fat chance given that you 're from the backward state of arizona , a state which has a skinny jackass of a one - eyed governor named happy jack who hates anything intellectual and the state has no shitting culture at all , anyway , unless you 're interested in navajo pots or identifying the crop insects that are dangerous to cotton , oranges , dates and alfalfa .
i noticed he was drinking an orange juice which i suspected was not without a large quantity of alcohol .
being russian he liked his vodka , mostly , and took it with milk or orange juice .
clarity moved forward , offering shalia owell some orange juice from concentrate in a camco polycarbonate juice glass .
he s done everything from grafting seedlings to hiring beekeepers for pollinating orange blossoms .
he had orange juice everyday for breakfast .
the fact she never chose grape over orange , was not the first and it certainly would not be the last time charles would inadvertently deny her a chance at choosing .
the grove was in full late winter bloom and hud set the window ventilator to wide open to scoop the scent of the orange blossoms into the cab .
they will work picking oranges , tangerines and grapefruit for several more months , then head south for lake okeechobee to pick the last of the winter vegetables and the first of the watermelon crop .
fat oranges and healthy trees filled the boxes faster than small oranges and sickly trees .
fat oranges and healthy trees filled the boxes faster than small oranges and sickly trees .
some oranges hung in bunches like grapes .
some have the colorful company logo too , a single orange with a short stem and two green leaves .
commodity traders buy and sell orange juice futures on the chicago commodity market , basing their bid prices on the number of boxes they think the season will yield .
they ll clean the tree of oranges as high as they can reach and their parents will pick above .
it would be rare for the washington family to leave an orange behind .
besides , the boxes have to be stacked onto the trucks and oranges poking up past the top rail of the box are simply crushed by the weight of another box and wasted .
snakes inhabit the groves and live off the vermin that live off the oranges .
pickers ca nt pick just the oranges that are easy to get to .
abbys mother handed her almost full sack of oranges down to her daughter and slowly got down from the ladder .
cyril had stashed several oranges in several places .
he pulled out his pocket knife and carefully opened it , took one of the oranges and stabbed it along its equator .
slicing downward he rotated the orange until he cut it in two perfect halves .
they ate and cyril cut until all of the split oranges were gone .
several more oranges were picked from the tree they sat near and cyril performed his culinary skill on each of the oranges .
several more oranges were picked from the tree they sat near and cyril performed his culinary skill on each of the oranges .
there s no such thing as a half - box of oranges .
for a man to pickup and walk off with a full box of oranges , well , that would take one bad - ass son - of - a - bitch , a man no picker would ever want to run across .
its a well kept grove with healthy trees and plenty of fat oranges .
the picker whose boxes they had been loading hesitated , unsure if he should stay , or follow the majority of his oranges leaving on the back of hills tractor .
will reilly walked between rows of trees and checked them for stray oranges .
men followed , led by the picker whose oranges hill carried .
the vial contains bergamot oil , a pungent elixir , squeezed from the skin of the bergamot orange .
she saw oak trees and orange trees , manicured grass and houses that seemed to compete with one another .
and the oranges seemed good size too .
and there are few oranges that abby or cyril can reach .
all the washingtons , but one , focused in on mr . rakes trees and the oranges they held .
zach dropped the sack full of oranges from his shoulder and let it slide down his arm .
ida handed her daughter a burlap sack , half full of oranges and hurried down the ladder .
with her back resting against a full crate of oranges , she sat with her knees bent and pinched together .
cyril also used a full box of oranges as a backrest .
zach stopped several times , looked for boxes of oranges in front yards and checked to make sure his family was keeping up and close by .
did nt you hire a fruit company to pick our oranges ?
they came and picked the oranges , but the company never came back to pick them up .
he commented on the weather , children and oranges .
i remember my mother telling me about the people who came and picked our oranges one day .
my father had contracted with a fruit company to pick the oranges .
i walked into the lorange caf , which locals simply called the orange , bypassing france .
while drinking her orange juice and coffee every morning in the kitchen , with him sitting across the breakfast table ?
gary ordered two bottles of stolichnaya vodka and asked for sides of cranberry juice , orange juice and soda water .
within two minutes , a different mexican man arrived with a tray containing six sugar - free red bulls and one large carafe each of cranberry juice , orange juice and soda water .
i enjoyed watching the others , though , and i poured the orange squash during the break .
oranges are not the only fruit , i read .
i hate orange pulp , and i m not ashamed to say so .
i ca nt imagine why they thought it needed fifty percent more than whatever it had before , because now its like putting a solid orange in a glass with the skin still on .
what i ca nt do is produce a delicious and reasonably priced pulp - free free - range orange juice .
i ve been pulling the curtains closed and crouching down behind the counter like an animal not that an animal would be in my house drinking orange juice , not while i m alive just so i can filter out the pulp without my neighbors looking in , as they might do .
and if a company stops selling orange juice , its not because they re out to get you .
nobody would even give me orange juice .
i had to go back to jacks grocery mart and confront the ron who had stolen my orange juice .
so , for example , if someone is breathing right over your shoulder while you re drinking orange juice , you might feel socially anxious because of their proximity , and you d probably move away a few feet .
* i put my orange juice in the fridge for later and called penelope .
i have started making my own orange juice .
sometimes your amygdala lights up because of a genuine threat like dr . boggs is launching a missile at us , but sometimes its a false - positive , like about your orange juice .
we ' ve got each other , jim and mr . hodge have each other , we have all the oranges and sand we need .
so are many oranges and apples , although it is called food - grade wax in those cases , because some kind of sticky beetle poop we scraped off a tree does nt sound as tasty .
connor marvelled at kristins womanly scents , wildflowers mingled with oranges .
she do nt like orange .
we added a large box of oranges and baskets of fruits and cookies .
some ding - dongs , some delicious and oh - so - healthy twinkies and some orange juice . ''
and besides , i thought you and your people always wore these hats , like when you were mowing lawns or selling oranges ... '' ` ` i ' m not mexican , god damn it ! ''
my blueberries maintained their sweet secrecy , and i poured myself 2 glasses of orange juice .
i downed my orange juice , fingers already starting to shake .
i wanted to hear her policy on handshakes , hi - fives , or simply catching an orange tossed from the kitchen .
lanie is two steps behind her as they both join me on the porch with glasses of orange juice .
lanie follows her , yelling about the last of the orange juice .
now this has been bothering me for some time , but why is a carrot more orange than an orange ?
three bacon sandwiches and two glasses of fresh orange juice later , will had achieved 80 % consciousness .
s c it 's just vodka and orange juice .
he tore the box apart and played at making orange juice with the big cup inside .
well , honey , i guess its because the juice comes from an orange .
if for no other reason than to make it easier for my kid to fathom why its okay for her orange juice to be yellow .
the citrus clanged against the ice and the orange sweetened the melody just a little and the cognac banged the bass drum , all coming together in your mouth like a piano , violin and cello trio does to the ears .
i have sometime work packing oranges at a local grocery outfit .
maggie n me was gettin ' sick o oranges .
we raised pigs and goats on a farm just outside of town and sold oranges , olives and artichokes at the saturday market .
i was allowed to eat just one orange and three olives .
we sold oranges , olives and artichokes at the market .
i was allowed to eat one orange and three olives .
we have a garden full of lemon and orange trees , tomatoes , artichokes , zucchini and eggplants .
` ` i ' m just about to make bacon and eggs with toast and marmalade and orange juice and ` ` ` ` uh , no , thank you , '' i said , even though her breakfast sounded so much better than my instant coffee and toasted pop tarts .
i bought a bottle of vodka and some orange juice and started to drink it .
couple of days ago i was dropping off this young lady in the city , see nice bit o goods too and when she goes to pay me , she s got too much in her hands like and she somehow manages to drop a bag of oranges that spill all over the pavement .
he has an orange !
his many ex - girlfriends tend to favor the descriptive choice moniker of ` ` world 's giant douche - bag , '' but apples to oranges , i say .
as i put the orange juice away , i spy a half full bottle of champagne from the night before .
whether i prefer fresh squeezed orange juice over a sliced orange .
whether i prefer fresh squeezed orange juice over a sliced orange .
do you prefer bananas or oranges ?
fizzies came in the standard cola flavors , like orange , grape , lemon - line and a sort of coca - cola , but my favorite was the root beer .
i was smoking in the parking lot when she arrived and told me what happened , like she just came back from the grocery store with a bag of oranges .
however , the oranges are far too mushy , the mint is outrageously flat , the vietnamese rice paper has been affected by this intolerable humidity , and to top off a perfectly rotten endeavor , the duck is obviously not mandarin ! ''
first thing she walked in the door at ridgeview food service , the intake worker said they were absolutely out of orange juice , and that meant a total emergency .
his testicles had swollen to the size and colour of navel oranges .
jerboa handed veda a cup of tea and collected for himself a weak solution of orange and water .
as always , whenever she woke at night , she seemed to catch romance in the act of sucking the life out of her , like she was a fat , juicy orange .
justin burst around the corner , tossing an orange to steven on the other side of the room and flopping down on the sofa , this guy who got me that tea , well , he said he s got some salvia for me if i m interested .
i picked up some eggs , veggies , orange juice , and a nice fresh loaf of cranberry sourdough from the village bakery .
so if i stole an orange then bit into it and found it to be mouldy , that would be down to you .
i became ravenous for the flotillas of fruit cocktail , mandarin oranges , or straight up pineapple wedges .
at the last minute i threw in a couple oranges , which , in the not too distant citrus - rich past , would have been like bringing coals to newcastle .
carrying the oranges nasrudin was riding a donkey , and at the same time was supporting a sack of oranges over his shoulder .
carrying the oranges nasrudin was riding a donkey , and at the same time was supporting a sack of oranges over his shoulder .
my donkey already has to carry me - do you think it would be fair to add the weight of these oranges ?
the neighbors garden nasrudin spotted some ripe oranges in his neighbors garden , and wanted to steal one .
so the first thing i do once inside our room , is to open up the mini bar and help myself to a wee bottle of vodka that i mix with some pure orange juice .
you can call me , ishmael if you want , he replies and hands charlie a packet of cheese and onion crisps to go with his orange juice .
a light breeze in the air , he continued , the smell of the ocean sweeping over you , a few soft pastries with freshly squeezed orange juice for breakfast , and the morning sun heating up your skin all the while .
laura grinned and then finished up the last of her orange juice .
troy peeled off the layer of gelatin formulating over his eyes like the rind of an orange .
there was a big drop from basic grammar of the 2 - level classes to the vocabulary - study of 1 - level ; apple , orange , banana , car , road , boat , train ; in some senses the 1 - level classes were not much more valuable than ten hours of independent study , and although they were socially and in some other senses valuable , without question no 2 - level student should have dropped down to the first year classes .
emma painted her irises blue and then grabbed the orange .
hell call , bringing me some fresh squeezed orange juice .
yes , he must be out picking some oranges .
the grounds boast blooming jacaranda trees , lemon , tangerine and orange trees , and the purple bursts of agapanthus .
adorned with sea glass and orange blossoms , julia is vibrant .
i reach to pull an orange from an overhanging branch , not breaking my stride as i peel it , offer him a section .
i throw the rest of my orange into a field we are passing .
the scent of orange blossoms is carried away as the orange turns to the blue green , which smells like it looks .
fresh orange juice and coffee is all i can stomach , but i watch everyone else dig into the scrambled eggs with salsa i ve whipped up for them .
the massive presence of the keep 's foundations squeezed him like an orange , the pips his organs pressed through his sides while his skull resonated , abruptly the destination of a multitude of frantic noises .
lets take breakfast in the dining room now , mrs . alice said as she adeptly carried in her thick arms two bowls and a glass full of orange juice .
he had spilled his orange juice on the rug , and for five minutes becky busied herself with the crisis , cleaning up the spill and lecturing their son on being more careful .
he drained his orange juice .
no tree , plant or flower would ever grow or decay , no man - made structure would ever be put to use or be demolished , nor would the slice of a moon ever wax into a whole orange or wane into nothingness .
he opened the fridge door and got himself some orange juice and then walked around the house hollering for betty .
she got the childrens vitamins and filled two glasses of orange juice .
when mrs . carnevale , the woman whose house she cleaned , learned of this , she bought a large bunch of bananas and some orange juice ( which was the only liquid she could use to get him to swallow his pills ) .
palm trees , oleander , bougainvillea , orange and lemon trees .
for this reason , perry knew she favoured soft centres to hard , and that her individual taste lent towards flavoured ganache , such as coffee and orange .
as perry mixed the rind of the orange in with extra thick cream , and added the cocoa , jane would sit and observe his proficiency with the awe of a child watching a magician produce a startling white dove from thin air .
when undressed , i will hand her a prop : a lemon ; an orange ; a marrow , working up to a watermelon .
your ear has consumed two bananas , one orange and five carrots .
keith prepared drinks from a can of frozen orange juice , got out butter and syrup , and set the table .
often though , in years past , his sister annie would share her nightly wanderings , wide - eyed over orange juice and cornflakes , tales of monstrous proportions that seemed as vivid to scherzo as if he 'd dreamed them himself , curled like a new leaf in his bed .
the man kept the company of a large sack out of which he produced a fat ripe orange , wonderful and round , scherzo thence staining thumbnails to peel , dripping juice and river on what appeared to be a map of roads but was in fact a map - crumpled and marked with slashes of vague pencil - of watercourses , brooks and streams , folded after a shake and a snort and returned to the sack from where it , like the marvellous fruit , had sprung .
the figure reproduced our hapless swimmer 's smile , accepted three bursting with goodness segments of orange , stuffed them as one into his silent mouth and rambled off .
his own balls moved independently , contained in their wrinkled sack that shrank coldly , then loosened as the orange disappeared beyond reach of his finger , determined encouragement to his waning cock resting for a moment lazily against his thigh , held fast by morrison 's pronounced knuckles .
disgusted , he dragged the tv from the wall and tipped it on its back , buttoned for an empty , static channel ( all those millions of ants , he believed in them ) and imagined the orange like a queen in the centre of a pageant , her coronation , as she was the star in this production .
he was thinking of the orange and constructing a graph , one of possibilities , probabilities , uncooked spaghetti straight lines and future conflagrations .
she 'd known the orange too .
he 'd called off their pursuit of the orange in the hope that that entity would return of its own accord .
the orange and banana looked as if they would peel themselves , he had only to take them up .
the orange , who 'd made a discreet tour of pearce 's belongings to ascertain their various fixed functions , saw himself as the obvious solution , but had decided to wait and watch before interrupting .
i never visited the property on the river but i knew there was an orchard when i was young because the girl used to bring oranges to school .
there were two cans of mandarin oranges , but there were no cans of crushed pineapple .
he drank some orange juice and watched elizabeth fix herself a plate of food .
steve sliced up a few oranges as well , arranging them into a smiley face on lauras plate .
amen , said laura as she smiled up at steve while enjoying a deliciously sweet slice of orange .
come on a ride , where the carte de fare is a grilled cheeseburger with onions , pickles and tomatoes , french fries , lots of them , 3 slices of cheese - and - pepperoni pizza , 1 pint each of vanilla , chocolate and chocolate chip ice cream , water , a 20 - ounce coke , a 20 - ounce pepsi and fruit , including an apple , banana and orange .
yes , there were the standard displays of broccoli , cauliflower , carrots , beets , onions , potatoes , yams , apples , bananas , oranges , peaches , pears , several varieties of melons and some in season berries but what i saw so much more here and it was all fresh looking versus travel worn from being shipped north on a train or truck .
juice , some orange juice .
he finished his orange juice .
anne said yes , but just some toast and orange juice .
he had eaten his customary orange and a few slices of toast , and was sipping his customary brew .
she grabbed two bags of oranges and one bag of apples , noticing too late ( thus ignoring ) the limit one bag per customer notice above the oranges .
she grabbed two bags of oranges and one bag of apples , noticing too late ( thus ignoring ) the limit one bag per customer notice above the oranges .
the checkout went smoothlyher two bags of oranges did nt even earn her a second glance .
one exclusively of apples , four of them on a table top ; one of a mixture of oranges , bananas , grapes , with four bearded wheat heads in a green what looked like ( but probably was nt meant to look like ) plastic bowl ; the one behind her of grapes , both green and purple , two oranges and a glass pitcher of water .
one exclusively of apples , four of them on a table top ; one of a mixture of oranges , bananas , grapes , with four bearded wheat heads in a green what looked like ( but probably was nt meant to look like ) plastic bowl ; the one behind her of grapes , both green and purple , two oranges and a glass pitcher of water .
he does however manage to carry the plate and some orange juice into the living room where he puts them down without braking anything .
ate an orange .
at first glance the four foot tall fruit basket has only apples and oranges , but upon further inspection , there 's peaches , tangerines , and apricots .
melissa served him up his customary orange , nicely sliced .
melissa finally sat down , and began peeling her own orange .
each had a crouched helper who began the act by tossing each a stone , the size of an orange perhaps , which they each deflected with a quick move of fingers to the other , who as nonchalantly flicked it back : two stones were in play .
yama took it slower , relishing the fresh oranges and bananas .
julia the sun streams through the kitchen windows , blinding me as i try to watch yuya while he makes his toast , scrambles some eggs and squeeze some oranges .
just an orange juice , thanks .
on top she had already placed a crystal bowl with red apples , oranges and ripe peaches , topped by a cluster of dark purple grapes .
graces single plate contained cubes of cantaloupe , honeydew melon and pineapple , and wedges of orange and grapefruit .
i ate breakfast alone , which consisted of toast and old orange juice .
these are my pictures and i ' m not having anyone pick through them like a basket of oranges . ''
he said the names of everything he saw as if savouring the taste , ` ` ginger beer , lemonade , sandwiches , apples , oranges , ham , sausages , biscuits ... .dad ! ''
they could hear cicadas chirping in the long grass and see oranges and lemons hanging in a small orchard .
real oranges , straight off the tree !
we stop by tyler avenue for wine and a blanket , and the jitney for oranges , cheese , buns and grapes , then head south on highway 7 , merging onto 9w and straight into paris .
she nibbles absent - mindedly on an orange slice and sighs .
joan peels another slice from the orange and raises it to her lips , where it hovers unbitten , as if joans already forgotten about it .
elizabeth asked if there were anything to put on the bread , and frau vollmer went off and came back with a large jar of german - labeled orange marmalade .
proud owner of her healthy and abundant emanating orange .
i had skullcap for two months with rosehips ( which have 300x the vitamin c of oranges ) when i was having fits and thought i was developing ms .
the glass was small , thin and clear , straight from top to bottom , little more than an orange juice glass , and she had told him that she had such a good time in europe , and that the restaurant had served her wine in that little glass , wine that dated from 1889 .
i was shading the dolphins tail when that same tall dark woman entered the park , this time nursing an orange popsicle .
it did nt split open but i thought it might , like a rotten orange filled with maggots .
they re seeing bananas , cherries , and oranges , said zoe .
the last of izys hair combs , cosmetics , and dresser - top knickknacks went into a cardboard box with sun - ripened california oranges printed in black and orange letters on the outside .
other work - namely poems and a wacky piece of short fiction - can be found in poui , the cave hill annual , and the truth about oranges , an anthology of nifca - winning work .
hey julia , just wanted to thank you and ray and abe for the nice orange juice .
claude peeked into the carton to see how much orange juice remained .
she sipped her orange juice , then returned the glass to the counter .
his one resolution : to drink his vodka with cheap kool - aid instead of expensive orange juice .
i headed for the plum tree and suggested that shortie fill his bucket with oranges .
the oranges were the nicest i d ever eaten .
later that night after supper , my mother positioned a sack of king arthur flour on the kitchen table along with a container of sour cream , orange juice and dried apricots .
it has sour cream and orange juice and apricots and some crazy spice that can only be found in the remote mountain regions of sicily but do nt quote me on the sicily thing .
that was only second to the energy replacing freshly squeezed orange juice , bacon , eggs , french toast , tomatoes and sausages served up as breakfast in her bed the next morning .
i have three pairs of socks on , squeezing my toes like oranges squashed into a christmas stocking .
you better get some orange juice man .
i chose not to give any grief and helped with the green beans and cranberry sauce with mandarin orange slices .
she s in the breakfast nook drinking orange juice .
a lump the size of an orange formed in my throat .
i wrote down her information in my notebook , and then ate a cheese sandwich and an orange .
but she is probably used to talking with people who eat things other than milk , and cheese sandwiches and apples and oranges , so i decide against that .
birds and most bugs refused to eat the ghastly fruit produced by the tree , and the sight in the spring and summer of the oranges lying scattered about the streets and the sidewalks would cause snowbirds to criticize the locals .
so much free fruit lying around tempted newcomers to sneak out at night with sacks and pillowcases which they hurriedly stuffed with the awful oranges , never realizing that no one would object if they came in daylight and took every sour oranges in the entire city , only a fool would bother defending them ; at their next breakfast the thieves would discover ( to their considerable horror ) that the oranges yielded a pale juice which bit into your mouth like lemon juice .
so much free fruit lying around tempted newcomers to sneak out at night with sacks and pillowcases which they hurriedly stuffed with the awful oranges , never realizing that no one would object if they came in daylight and took every sour oranges in the entire city , only a fool would bother defending them ; at their next breakfast the thieves would discover ( to their considerable horror ) that the oranges yielded a pale juice which bit into your mouth like lemon juice .
so much free fruit lying around tempted newcomers to sneak out at night with sacks and pillowcases which they hurriedly stuffed with the awful oranges , never realizing that no one would object if they came in daylight and took every sour oranges in the entire city , only a fool would bother defending them ; at their next breakfast the thieves would discover ( to their considerable horror ) that the oranges yielded a pale juice which bit into your mouth like lemon juice .
thrifty wives , with free time on their hands and too many sour oranges , took a few into their kitchen and experimented on them cannily for days only to give up in frustration or else eventually devised ridiculous recipes which called for fractions of a fractional teaspoons of the juice as flavor for a sickly sweet frosting .
if they gave up the idea of eating them , they proposed skewering the skin of the sour oranges with cloves , punishing the innocent oranges for the sin of being unwholesome .
if they gave up the idea of eating them , they proposed skewering the skin of the sour oranges with cloves , punishing the innocent oranges for the sin of being unwholesome .
the desert sun broiled the old pueblo , and there were so few overcast days to stop this broiling effect that sour oranges left on the ground seldom rotted , instead a summer of sun sucked the vital juices out of them as thoroughly as any vampire sucked blood ; they shrunk into small , brittle husks , hollow shells .
in the process of drying , the peel of the sour orange acquired huge open pores like those on the noses of old men ; in their hues these dried oranges resembled lascaux cave paintings ; in parts , oranges and deep brown hues blew across the peel , in other sections inky stains dripped in lines and blobs across the dried surface of the orange .
in the process of drying , the peel of the sour orange acquired huge open pores like those on the noses of old men ; in their hues these dried oranges resembled lascaux cave paintings ; in parts , oranges and deep brown hues blew across the peel , in other sections inky stains dripped in lines and blobs across the dried surface of the orange .
in the process of drying , the peel of the sour orange acquired huge open pores like those on the noses of old men ; in their hues these dried oranges resembled lascaux cave paintings ; in parts , oranges and deep brown hues blew across the peel , in other sections inky stains dripped in lines and blobs across the dried surface of the orange .
a subtle palette of browns and warm mustards might blend with sallow parts of the orange hemispheres , while on other oranges whole sides of the fruit would be slashed with red .
a subtle palette of browns and warm mustards might blend with sallow parts of the orange hemispheres , while on other oranges whole sides of the fruit would be slashed with red .
often circular black patches on the dried orange peels resembled the scorch rings found on the bottom of hohokam pots , and when the dried oranges broke , the cracked pieces likened broken potsherds which poked from the banks of our arroyos .
some dried oranges were colored a uniform charcoal black , as though the sun had thoroughly scorched them , but at times these black oranges had ghostly whitish patches ; other oranges had tinges of beautiful auburn and russet or subtle tawny shades which blended in spots or arcs across their hard bodies .
some dried oranges were colored a uniform charcoal black , as though the sun had thoroughly scorched them , but at times these black oranges had ghostly whitish patches ; other oranges had tinges of beautiful auburn and russet or subtle tawny shades which blended in spots or arcs across their hard bodies .
some dried oranges were colored a uniform charcoal black , as though the sun had thoroughly scorched them , but at times these black oranges had ghostly whitish patches ; other oranges had tinges of beautiful auburn and russet or subtle tawny shades which blended in spots or arcs across their hard bodies .
no two oranges dried with the same colors or patterns and it was a fascinating hobby simply to examine them one by one .
but as fruit , the oranges failed ; they were best put to use by delinquents who exercised their growing limbs by kicking them or throwing them at passing cars and trains ; after decades of neglect most of the sour orange trees had become gnarled and stunted ; the tree themselves withered away to gray , ghostly stumps , then disappeared entirely , the empty wells remained for a decade after the trees were gone and then even the wells filled with dirt and disappeared .
nearing one of those dried oranges that were so plentiful on the ground around the tree , and finding that that particular one had landed on a partially buried adobe brick , he threw his arms above his head like a spanish dancer .
then he raised one foot and drove the heavy heel of his cowboy boot down on the hollow orange , striking it so forcefully that the dried husk cracked with a boom as loud as a small bomb ; an infant screamed itself awake at the sound of the explosion , and its mother shot an angry glance through the branches into the trees interior though she was unable to see us ; glossy chestnut horses pulling a wagon past the sour orange , pricked their ears and tossed their heads ; a snare drummer paused at the unexpected thump in the middle of his roll ; we were stunned by the sound for a moment and then we gasped , and what was better , we cheered to see a small yellow curl of pulverized orange smoke rise up from under the boys boot like little tendrils of a fern .
where once an orange had been , there were now only smithereens , the littlest ones of which the wind quickly whipped away , and chips broken into sharp - edged triangles , like pieces of broken crockery or pottery shards .
the dried oranges , scattered widely in the tree well , fed our fever for explosions .
i joined our heros little sister in collecting these dried oranges , finding many of them where they had fallen in a stand of tall , dormant bermuda grass ; they resembled orange balls , lost in the tall grass , that a dog had found and ravaged ; by providing these oranges and collecting them with his timid little sister i felt connected , indirectly , to this hale god - boy , her brother .
i joined our heros little sister in collecting these dried oranges , finding many of them where they had fallen in a stand of tall , dormant bermuda grass ; they resembled orange balls , lost in the tall grass , that a dog had found and ravaged ; by providing these oranges and collecting them with his timid little sister i felt connected , indirectly , to this hale god - boy , her brother .
once he had hammered nearly every dried orange lying in obvious spots in the tree well , another boy bullied us into going on excursions out of the trees protection to provide our hero with more ammunition ; we retrieved the blackened oranges for him , even if we had to snatch them from the street or from under the feet of great men , and we brought them forward apprehensively as though they were burnt offerings to a god .
once he had hammered nearly every dried orange lying in obvious spots in the tree well , another boy bullied us into going on excursions out of the trees protection to provide our hero with more ammunition ; we retrieved the blackened oranges for him , even if we had to snatch them from the street or from under the feet of great men , and we brought them forward apprehensively as though they were burnt offerings to a god .
burnt because the oranges had that blackened appearance , just as though they had been singed by a fire , which indeed is what a summer in the desert will do to anything lying out in the sun , and offerings because it seemed the other children , including myself , were the hero - boys retainers , eager to respond when his assistant bellowed more !
but when on one occasion this unpleasant , bellowing assistant , in his quest to produce a lively , pleasing explosion for the hero - boy , received in good faith from one of us an orange which had not been thoroughly toasted and dried by the summer - long effect of scorching temperatures and intense sunshine , one in which the slightest smidgen of juice lingered leaving the orange with a pliant , elastic core , and when it failed to detonate properly under the hero - boys feet , and several people giggled nervously , the assistant froze , glanced down with a glare , and bellowed daannnggg !
but when on one occasion this unpleasant , bellowing assistant , in his quest to produce a lively , pleasing explosion for the hero - boy , received in good faith from one of us an orange which had not been thoroughly toasted and dried by the summer - long effect of scorching temperatures and intense sunshine , one in which the slightest smidgen of juice lingered leaving the orange with a pliant , elastic core , and when it failed to detonate properly under the hero - boys feet , and several people giggled nervously , the assistant froze , glanced down with a glare , and bellowed daannnggg !
our leader simply hobbled over to the curb with a shrug and hooked the leathery orange off the heel of his boot , leaving the orange as it came off , smeared pathetically over the edge of the curb like some mutilated accident victim .
it seemed then that he transferred his hatred to us , to our uselessness and inferiority , and it was us , as well as the orange , that he despised .
my fascination with this stomping boy and his assistant with the ugly temper , inevitably lessened as the morning wore on ; his sister left me , but still i searched for oranges for him like a robot , and the sight of a large blackened orange which no one had yet claimed lured me into an area near the street where several low , twisted boughs trailed in the dirt .
in my delight with the explosions , and my pursuit of oranges , i had almost forgotten about the files and files of ponies and cowboys passing by on the street right outside the tree !
then the pony stepped out of the frame and the doctors carriage flashed through and i returned to the vital business of finding and collecting seared oranges for the boy with the fascinating arms ; i ducked down and sprinted here and there in the tree well snatching up the husks before any of the other children spied them ; i stood with two grenades in line bouncing on the toes of my sneakers , ready to produce my hoard for the work of the boy bomber , and while i waited , i enjoyed the unparalleled sensation of excitement brewing inside me , bubbling happily , and it was a mad desire which was brimming over ever since i had seen the dwarf white horse prancing atop the tree limb .
i now had a unceasing desire to own , not any real life - sized horse , but the animated , miniature horse ; i coveted that sweet petite animal , and waves of ardent pleasure overtook me just to think of owning such a treasure ; if only some mysterious magician poured these miniature horses out of a gorgeous green bottle ; if only a genie would only conjure his from a brass lamp ; if only he were tied up at a pint - sized hitching post behind some dusty boxes on a shelf at toy mart ; as i finished stooping under a branch to gather another dried orange , i popped up inside my secret vantage point , my golden spyglass , again only to discover that someone had changed the channel so that the frame was occupied by other lilliputian characters ; this time it was human members of the worlds parade , counterfeit conquistadors , who served out their ordinary days of drudgery as accountants and dentists .
shortly after i saw the conquistador and stood in line with my last dried orange for the boy - bomber , that years parade ended .
seven : 28 ) blaine threatens us and extorts money from us for the supposedly living pet turtle 29 ) knot hole club and football at the stadium 30 ) the boy scout pow wow and i see cattle rustlers on the big screen of the apache drive - in on the way to the pow wow , 31 ) secret eye club with no members and donkey imaginings on the rocks 32 ) coming home alone 1965 - 66 33 ) big paper skeleton at the school with suicidal speech therapist and 34 ) maelstrom in nogales , the streets , the toys in the shops , fleas , getting rescued by stinky vagrant eight : 35 ) mothers tirade about the culture of the rodeo and its tastelessness , and rodeo parades in general , 1964 36 ) sour orange trees and their history in the town , 1966 37 ) i am the sheriff of this county boy and finding oranges with young girl , blasting oranges and taking orders 38 ) tiny white horse and creativity inside the orange tree from spy - hole , and the little fat conquistador who is walking near the horse , dolls , also .
could you also bring me a coffee and small orange juice .
grandma would describe this meal they had , just as the sun rose up over the mountains behind them she could name every type of food they had , thick slices of bread , bacon and eggs , fresh pealed oranges , apricots , coffee to drink .
but in the morning , sitting over the coffee , whole wheat toast , and small orange juice she 'd ordered at the deerslayer cafe , whose walls were covered with plaques bearing the heads of noble dead animals , she had an attack of almost unbearable dread .
nakul poured some orange juice and sat on his bed .
they each got a square of a sandwich , carrots , and either an apple or an orange .
they made the mundane fresh , like the sweet bite of an orange and the quick pain of ripping off a band aid .
his stomach felt like he had drunk too much orange juice .
i do nt like oranges .
suppose she opened an innocent piece of mail and this time a real bomb threw her body against the wall of her apartment , her blood splashed all over , as if an orange or a peach had been broken open and splattered .
you ca nt compare apples with oranges or pears .
sunday breakfast usually requires all sorts of micro waving , with catherine processing frozen waffles , frozen links , instant coffee , frozen orange juice et cetera ; fortunately sara who has taken command of the kitchen as part of her quid pro quo , is preparing real eggs and bacon .
she handed melody two large oranges for breakfast , and then ushered her out into the cool , damp air with a kiss on her forehead .
it was quite delicious ; they washed it down with fresh , cool water and orange juice .
and here are the salads you asked for with oranges from the orchard .
she asked maisy , placing some orange juice in front of her .
she showered , ate her orange and cereal , and packed her yogurt , fruit , veggies , and crackers for lunch .
they ordered chinese for saturday supper and had cheerios and oranges for sunday breakfast .
i ' m eating an orange .
thomas has never made an honest move in his life , '' and i have to slow talking a little to swallow some orange .
i throw some orange peal out the window , watch the kids sitting in the shade on that big lawn out front of the high school .
the first bell rings and all the car doors open at once and everybody is putting cigarettes out in the dirt , but not me because if coach sees me sucking on a weed , that 's it for football , so i just stick the last slice of orange in my mouth .
all the talk was about oranges and california .
the oranges were not like anything shed ever tasted .
for sure , i said and sipped some orange juice .
kramer asked as he drained his canteen cup of the remains of his breakfast orange juice .
an old shrine to an old god sat in the corner , painted in red and adorned with an offering of oranges .
others may have come from sunny seville in the juicy oranges that were in those times a special treat .
it was 9:45 before we were dressed and ready for breakfast that consisted of a piece of stale bread toasted and a chilled glass of fresh orange juice .
we sipped our iced orange juice and held hands in the sunidyllic .
maybe you should be drinking orange juice instead of that stuff .
how did she get the job of serving pancakes when an actual kiwanis member merely had the job of pointing out there was both apple and orange juice ?
so much for that conversation , thought myrtle , sipping her orange juice .
the four celebrated with champagne and orange juice .
she passed stalls with several kinds of lettuce , oranges , lemons and grapefruit , strawberries and fresh trays of brown and white eggs , with signs proclaiming free range .
it looked fairly healthy : scrambled eggbeaters with low fat cheddar , slices of turkey bacon and a large bowl of sliced strawberries , apples and oranges , but there were also fresh baked biscuits and jeans homemade pineapple jam .
this one is dangerous , she has a way of controlling people ... a way of getting others to see it her way ... but berry could see that her logic was flawed ... in his mind she had been relating apples to oranges ... most of the audience would probably not notice , but he did ...
i ran back to the house , took my shower and had breakfast , consisting primarily of orange juice and a large bowl of oatmeal , sprinkled with raw cashew pieces i purchased in bulk at trader joe 's .
while you 're waiting you can drink some orange juice .
you put me on to drinking orange juice , you know . ''
that s just vodka and orange juice .
taking the air in fact involved a walk to the shops , the duty manager having identified an item missing from the kitchens stores , some of the oldest residents are of a generation where fresh oranges are still a treat can you believe that ?
placed there with the oranges between them , she continued , tell me , inspector : i wish i d thought to look at the time , but was her bed disturbed ?
we bought oranges .
i ate a bowl of stale cereal , nursed some orange juice , and put the coffee on to brew .
i nodded at tina 's wise answers and we smiled to each other , over glasses of orange juice and bites of eggs benedict , at secrets only the two of us shared .
it was only a 35 - minute ride to the private dock where sam and ron waited with two , 20 - ton semis already loaded with florida navel oranges .
rodger , why do nt you see what they have in those trucks , besides oranges ?
the oranges are free .
the drugs were hidden in false bottoms of two semis , under a ton of florida navel oranges .
i almost stopped her to add an orange juice i did nt want to my order , but i did nt .
she watched ruby root around in her bag and pull out a badly bruised orange .
she carefully took the rotten orange with two fingers and pulling out a tissue set the orange and the tissue on her desk .
she carefully took the rotten orange with two fingers and pulling out a tissue set the orange and the tissue on her desk .
phillipa is having a leisurely breakfast of eggs benedict and freshly - squeezed orange juice on the terrace , courtesy of the lowells personal chef .
its a few apples and oranges .
i did nt know anything about liams ex , but regarding brynn it was nt even comparing apples to oranges .
ill have an orange juice , please eric .
he drank his orange juice in one long swallow .
early the next morning we enjoyed a delicious breakfast of fresh fruit , warm bread , scrumptious jam on warm scones , and fresh - squeezed orange juice .
there are four of them in the carriage today , and while my good fellow who had so kindly donated himself to me was cheerfully waiting in the one with various oranges and lemons and the odd strawberry painted on the surface in happy colours , the other remaining crates were filled with straw and were empty .
` ` there is a more ample supply of this most english of beverages , but i do n't think this fellow cares to share his orange pekoe . ''
i do not like orange glazed chicken or fried rice .
up close , he expected her to smell like the hospital , but she smelled sweet and floral , like orange blossoms and that same musky scent from before .
the people at the doves nest made a delicious blend of oranges and tea .
off to one side were miz demetrice and adelia arguing with the vegetable vendor over oranges .
' an orange juice , coffee with milk and a croissant . '
` ` just an orange juice , please .
ds gibbs finished his orange juice * * * millicent snatched a sandwich and a coffee and took them up to her office in the incident suite , leaving dc bright to eat a more leisurely lunch in the canteen .
oh , ill need orange juice for that , del .
according to him , samantha had always been an orange , a seeker , a doer .
berle shook the pills into her mouth and gulped the orange juice .
after swallowing , she said , that orange juice has an odd taste .
the image of eubanks handing her the bitter orange juice flashed through her mind .
holly poured more orange juice and tonic water into gias glass .
when he stumbled into the wine cellar , he must have kept drinking , this time leaving out the orange juice .
after he left , frannie peeled an orange and fixed herself some toast .
i do nt know , i was thinking maybe we get together someplace quiet for a drink around eight , then go dancing at the bfd club in the citytheyve got swing dancing on thursdaysthen we go back to your place and make out for an hour or two , then make love until the sun comes up , and then ill take you to lois the pie queen for a healthy breakfast with a tall glass of fresh - squeezed orange juice .
jason and i sat across from each other , him with a black coffee , me with my orange juice and freshly baked blueberry muffin .
mcfergus bought an orange from a costermonger , although dwan turned down the offer of one for himself .
i was in exeter station , he told amy , and while i was changing trains i saw betty , among the beggars and vendors , sitting at the edge of the walkway , selling apples and oranges .
i bought an orange , of course .
i did , and gave her a coin for the orange .
i provided orange juice and biscuits .
pierre brought fresh orange juice and coffee .
did he mean sneaking out to buy a few oranges in ulus , or to deposit coquilles st . jacques in an empty cupboard ?
the smell of rotten oranges was so unexpected that i almost fainted .
the house is surrounded by beautiful profitable white cotton plants , a grove of sour oranges by mouth but yummy in salads , a peach and apple orchard , a grape vineyard , and an extensive garden of flowers , fruits , and vegetables .
she grabbed a glass carafe of fresh squeezed orange and clanked it on the counter .
she left the milk , grabbed her bowl and orange juice , and took her seat .
she horked the cereal and mixed in a couple sips on her orange juice between spoonfuls .
rachel took her shower upstairs and kara helped herself to some orange juice , coffee , and crispix .
i went to the bathroom , then checked out the dorm fridge and drank old orange juice from the carton .
dagger downed half a glass of fresh - squeezed orange juice .
her hair smelled of oranges and bananas and her body no longer shook when he touched her .
sara turned and handed einstein a piece of orange .
einstein pulled out the orange long enough to say , awwwkk , kangaroo paw , kangaroo paw .
` ` here , '' pica said , '' i ' ve got this bag of pickled mandarin oranges . ''
` ` i think , '' i said ` ` that sergeant daily here should look into those preserved oranges you have . ''
i passed him a bag of peanuts , and poured myself a slug of high - pulp orange juice , diluted with vodka .
fresh orange juice , perhaps ?
she set the traycomplete with two fresh blueberry muffins , the butter already melting into them , orange juice and a steaming cup of my beloved nectar of the gods ( black coffee ) on the night table .
there was coffee , of course , and fresh squeezed orange juice .
why , we going to pick some oranges ?
pick some oranges .
i looked at the orange i had just picked and saw that it had a hole and a big black spot on it .
it got its name from the fact that as long as we had lived in the neighborhood , that grove never had any oranges or even any leaves on its trees .
sitting on a low , unfinished wall with rebar sticking out of the top of it , we split the orange that i had picked .
eleven , he said , insulted and got to his feet , throwing what remained of his orange on the ground .
i caught it on the fence at mr . gagners house getting an orange .
i climbed his fence yesterday to get an orange and he did nt like that .
i m getting an orange .
he reached through the bars and plucked an undersized orange from its spot .
he turned around on his perch at the top of the wall and chucked the orange at me .
i picked it up and dusted it off as cory hopped down with an orange of his own .
save the oranges for the tree .
you picking my oranges ?
you think i want every kid in the neighborhood hopping my fence and stealing my oranges ?
hey , sorry about your oranges , cory said to the older man behind the gate .
they were already tearing into their oranges , pitching the peels every which way .
i plopped down on a sheet of cardboard , tired from the walk and went to work on my own orange .
and although the oranges we had picked at mr . gagners house had slaked our thirst for a bit , we were ready for something cold to drink .
oranges as big as softballs making the branches droop .
we both had cheerios , but lous were mixed with some wet dog food and he skipped the banana and the orange juice .
the coachman never got down , or bought an orange , or had a chat , but the lady was always polite and sometimes bought something from her or the strawberry girl .
i gave the young woman a few pennies , and walked home with an orange in my pocket .
oranges somewhere over kansas , april , 2007 on an airplane somewhere over kansas , it occurred to daphne that she had never seen anyone eat oranges as esther falkner did .
watching you peel an orange is performance art .
she was nt going to put her hand down until daphne accepted the orange .
i added a few apples , oranges , and bananas from a basket on the counter .
unless you want a banana or orange .
no orange juice , but there s lemon .
kallie came in and handed me orange juice .
i sloshed some vodka into a tall glass and topped it off with some orange juice .
i swallowed some orange juice , set the glass on the floor , and closed my eyes .
i dropped my orange into my jacket pocket , picked up my half - eaten sandwich , and switched off the tv .
she smiled her thanks as he poured the champagne into her orange juice tumbler .
i retrieved the mail , which consisted of bills and a box of oranges , shipped fresh from my parents .
maggie is a mystery in and of herself , i said , throwing cal an orange from my parents .
a valencia orange .
i knew from the package the oranges came in that he was correct , but he had nt seen the box .
he held the orange up to a small desk lamp , examining it .
he pointed to a faint streak on the skin of the orange .
the skins thin , and , he gently squished the orange , its easy to squeeze .
he looked closely at the orange , then squeezed it again .
cal asked as he turned back to his computer , not fazed by his mishap with the orange .
burt lancaster , i said through another bite of orange .
she was off and running , asking me about the job , did i get the oranges , and telling me that i should choose a less dangerous profession .
in the aftermath , my mouth tasted of rotten orange juice .
fresh squeezed orange juice .
only this this week we caught one guy sticking oranges up his shirt . ''
she stated lisa said dr . grinberg grabbed her and squeezed her arm like an orange .
and as she made the turn , janet thought she caught sight of a figure on the cliff near where she had set her customary breakfast orange and towel .
janet huddled under her towel against the morning chill and polished off the orange .
in the earlier panic she had forgotten totaly about breakfast : even her usual orange had been overlooked in the mad scramble for help .
she carefully made her way downstream among the rocks and retrieved her orange from the little back - water with a feeling of bewilderment .
the orange , at any rate , appeared none the worse for its adventure , and janet pocketed it absentmindedly .
you know , it seemed as though he had been startled , surprised in the act of taking my orange . ''
` ` how did this orange enter the story anyway ? ''
and as a rule i drop by the cafeteria on the way out for my morning dip , pick up an orange and eat it after my swim .
from the position of the body , and also the final resting place of my orange .
she picked up a muffin to go with her usual orange and looked about for a table .
janet finished her orange and walked back pensively to her room .
as she passed her desk she noticed the orange from that earlier morning three days ago .
` ` it was in fact the orange recovered from my wastebasket . ''
` ` so the true delivery weapon was the orange , and the target was you . ''
i believe that karl must have found out about my early morning swims , my habit of taking an orange for breakfast afterward .
in the first place , karl must have either over - estimated the dose required , or under - estimated the fluid content and internal pressure of an orange . ''
it sounds simple to inject a fluid into an orange .
but an orange such as mine was , jostled , palpated in transit , is not only full of juice , it may be full to overflowing .
he must have extracted the syringe , possibly getting more contamination on his skin , dropped the orange with needle still embedded over the edge , and followed soon afterward himself . ''
` ` if this orange was so lethal to the touch , i do n't understand why you were n't affected the same day you picked it up , brought it back to your room .
he offered , as they both reached for drinks from the same platter at the same time ; champagne for himself , freshly squeezed orange juice for the women .
the diplomat was surprised they had taken so long , but they looked so merry and friendly when they returned that he did not give their conversation a second thought , simply providing them with fresh glasses of orange as they returned to his side .
he too doubted a mouthful of orange and vodka could harm anyone ( even fed directly to a baby , it would only have short - term effects , surely ?
she says she only wants an orange juice .
` ` your orange juice , and a pint for you adam . ''
that night , the men showed up with fast food chicken , coleslaw , corn on the cob , macaroni and cheese , biscuits and orange juice to ensure everyones good health .
she had already awakened and was in the kitchen squeezing some fresh juice from the oranges that he had picked up at a roadside stand on the way home the previous evening .
as i had discovered yesterday morning , the motels free continental breakfast was a box of cheap donuts and a pitcher of watered - down orange juice .
there was a time she 'd correct him on this - she 'd tried for years - but really , hal was the only one who drank orange juice and too many hours get wasted on stuff like that .
grace peeled two oranges for dessert .
then she peeled an orange and sucked each segment to extinction .
he would turn on a little bach , veer toward the kitchen , pour himself a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice , and then drink half of it in one gulp .
michael held a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice , but the thought of even a sip nauseated him .
` ` how 's the orange juice ? ''
he pushed the orange juice away and glanced up .
there was a towel draped around his neck , a glass of what looked like orange juice in his hand .
then there were the usual fortune cookies and , for some reason which always escaped her , they always gave you an orange for dessert .
i woke up because my alarm went off at six , and then i snuck into the kitchen and ate a granola bar and some orange juice .
i nodded and he raised a plastic bottle , offering me what looked like orange juice .
he ordered eggs , toast , orange juice , and black coffee .
the exit wound in her temple was as big as an orange and her right eye socket gaped empty .
the waiter brought the orange juice .
diamonds popped off like drops of juice from a split orange .
so he points his camera outside because some ass wipe is stealing an orange .
` ` i - i spilled some orange juice on my top .
i think i saw him concocting an orange , lemon and whiskey mix this morning , something nauseating .
i stab my orange chicken with a fork , stalling as i decide which answer to give him .
i take a seat on the couch while a server brings us fresh orange juice .
lexi requested a small breakfast , orange juice , and a coffee , and then she handed off her menu .
they ate their fill of apples , oranges , and bananas , and split a pineapple and a mango .
` ` i was n't sure what you would like , and the book said you should n't have coffee , so i got you an orange juice .
axel is standing next to the island stove flipping some bacon , with the eggs already dished off to the side and some orange juice filled in a cup next to the stool .
he dishes out the pancakes and brings the plate over to me , turning back to grab some orange juice from the fridge and the syrup from the counter before joining me at the table .
unless it was to call for a fresh - squeezed orange juice . ''
vegetables done , she cruised over to the fruit section , where she loaded the cart with all kinds of different berries for ryder , along with apples , oranges , and pears .
i was n't really sure if that was you in a giant , fluoro parka or just a big orange in the snow .
an orange ?
that had involved a quick drive to the store because apparently all fin was existing on was oranges and old cheese .
` ` i know , '' she sighed as she took them with her orange juice .
no burnt orange allowed in this house . ''
jendan headed to the fridge and pulled out the orange juice .
this usually meant having to conjure a mealtime miracle with only an orange , two eggs , a tin of creamed corn and a packet of chicken noodle soup from nineteen - ninety - four .
i wanted to shout for biscuits and orange juice stat before i started to fade away .
` ` there 's a lot to talk about , '' fredrik says and takes a drink of orange juice .
lindsay and victoria were pouring vodka into glasses of orange juice .
one dug around in the fridge , another scrambled a ginormous skillet of eggs , rose filled a pitcher with orange juice , and clementine set the longest table i 'd ever seen .
comparing bad days to good days was like comparing apples to oranges .
i poked a piece of orange in my mouth and pressed her hand harder into my thigh .
she leaned in closer to me and moved her hand up even higher on my thigh , it made me almost choke on the orange i was chewing on .
i popped another piece of orange in my mouth and tried counting backward from a hundred to get my libido in check .
i then snagged an orange juice for myself .
it was true ; i had cleared the hateful tray with its processed omelet , bland cup of fruit , orange juice , milk , and toast .
i grabbed an orange and a bottle of water from the fridge and hurried to the bedroom .
` ` i brought you an orange . ''
he was dressed in soccer shorts , a v - neck short - sleeve shirt made of the same lightweight material , and he smelled faintly of a mixture of old spice , polo and oranges .
like oranges and secrets and smooth , rich chocolate .
` ` because you smell like oranges , pineapples and the ocean .
i slowly walked up and grabbed the bouquet of orange lilies , tucked into the side was a note with my name on the envelope .
i glanced around at our bedroom that was dim , the only light coming from candles , and the huge bouquets of orange lilies .
on one of the sundays , i 'd heard all the girls talking in the kitchen about flowers , and harper had gone on about orange lilies being her favorite .
he leaned back against the counter and took a sip of his orange juice .
he set his orange juice on the counter , and the sound made my pulse jump .
logan was in my kitchen drinking my orange juice at four in the morning , and for a second i wanted him here .
georgie pulled me to a girl sitting at the table with an untouched orange juice in front of her .
lila calls out with a bottle of orange juice in her hand .
soon he was back , bringing me a tray of scrambled eggs with rosemary , seven grain toast with fresh raspberry jam , and a glass of freshly squeezed blood orange juice .
the air even smelled the same as it once did , hot pavement , dried palm husks , and orange blossoms .
javier was sitting at the table , drinking orange juice and flipping through the los angeles times , eyes darting from page to page .
` ` keep going , '' she added when the waitress brought orange juice .
there was nothing quite like propping yourself up on soft , plump pillows while a steaming plate of bacon , eggs , cinnamon rolls , orange juice , and coffee was rolled into position beside you .
i would remember the round shape of the glass , the exact shade of orange that juice was .
carefully , i set the orange juice down .
it was a great breakfast , if you added orange juice .
` ` chambord , raspberry vodka , and blood orange juice . ''
like oranges and cream .
` ` violet told me about her situation , '' cade said , smiling at the waitress when she set orange juice down in front of him .
as i rushed down to our kitchen , i had just enough time to shove down a bagel and slam my orange juice .
i completed my personal food shopping and then packed my cart with fresh lemons , limes , and oranges for the bar before heading to the checkout .
the heady aroma of orange and mint on his hands now had the scent of hope and renewal , of wholehearted love and faith .
warm and snug , she smelled like oranges and sunshine .
they had one of those baskets too , towering with fruit - apples , oranges , nectarines , lemons that threatened to spill out - in our home in connecticut .
` ` just an orange juice , please . ''
she placed bryan 's sturdy glass of scotch on his tray table , alongside my orange juice , and two glasses of water .
i took a sip of my orange juice .
i gestured to my orange juice .
` ` you know , my orange juice tastes like it came from the sunshine - kissed regions of florida , with just a hint of a tropical flavor , and an extra dash of pulp . ''
a huge bowl filled with apples , oranges and bananas in the middle .
i made a salad of raw spinach , arugula , cucumber , carrot , mandarin orange slices and pistachio nuts and prepared some wild rice .
i grabbed the bananas and dug in the fridge for the apples and oranges , assembled them in the bowl and put them on the short side counter between the stove and the fridge .
pouring himself some orange juice from the carafe beside him , he muttered , ` ` you have such a low opinion of us . ''
one night after putting the children to bed , she sat down with a glass of fresh orange juice and asked him about it .
dean , gabriel , and david were sitting around a table sipping some orange juice .
he sat down taking a large gulp of fresh orange .
tony had an orange drink the same as she did , neither of them drinking alcohol .
pushing the clothes out of the way , he handed her the orange before taking a sip of his drink .
she gulped the orange juice .
in the fridge were a couple of cartoons of fresh orange juice but no food .
the table held fruit and orange juice .
there was some orange juice with the label ` ` drink me '' on it .
he smelt oranges and spices .
she sipped her orange juice and watched her friend eat .
travis did n't look at all concerned as he opened the fridge and got out a bottle of orange juice .
apples and oranges ? ''
especially considering the way he 'd practically been trying to force her out the door before their walk on the beach , when he 'd been an apple and she 'd been an orange .
he sits down on the bed , jostling the tray as he does , and i grab my orange juice with a frown .
i love the orange . ''
and there 's the oranges from the- i froze on the top stair , the faint murmur of cabinets opening and closing gluing my bare feet to the floor .
she threw back the rest of her orange juice like there was something else in the glass besides vitamin c. something to give her strength .
damn annabelle and her snobby parents and her sexy orange blossom smell and all that sexy sarcasm .
he held her close , breathing in the sweet scent of orange blossoms , rubbing his chin against the silky - smooth flesh of her neck .
she tasted like orange juice and toothpaste .
` ` nothing but the sky , '' he says , pouring two tall glasses of orange juice .
i watch the way his back ripples under his shirt as he puts my orange juice , butter , milk , and eggs into his wide stainless steel refrigerator .
he swept his fingertips down her neck to hold her breasts in his palms like a fruit seller might cup oranges , his thumbs playing with her nipples .
kara crossed her arms firmly , and for the briefest of seconds dylan 's eyes moved down to the cleavage she 'd just inadvertently served up like two oranges on a platter .
lurid as it was , its bitter orange flavour might just harmonise well .
he 's finishing off his orange juice when his entire body tenses .
marina disappeared into the shop and soon returned with two croissants and two glasses of orange juice .
cook buys oranges and apples and gives them to all the helpers .
its all right , caitlin said quickly , before taking a sip of her orange juice .
after our practice , mammoo went into kitchen again to get the chocolate cake she baked for yhanna and an orange juice .
i smell an orange cent .
the wind drifted over us , and a faint scent of oranges filled the air .
i carefully sipped my orange juice , wincing as the acid needled my cut lip .
instead of the fragrance of apple and orange blossoms , the scent of highway air pollution drifted into the car .
as she weaved her way past stalls stacked high with strawberries from huelva , ripe red tomatoes , creamy yellow pumpkins sold by the slice , courgettes , broccoli , potatoes from the river valleys that bordered the town , sweet smelling oranges from valencia , bananas from the canary islands , pink fleshed grapefruits sliced open to reveal their authenticity , it seemed on the surface that the market was the same as any other european street market .
so she bought some strawberries and a kilo of oranges from an amply built gypsy woman then set off to talk to the town clerk .
the wind was mingling the smells of the food and drink with the mix of perfumes we d all been wearing that day : barbaras rose - scent , my coco chanel , meryls sweet lavender , ellas sugar vanilla , and ivys mystery scent that reminded me of mandarin oranges .
when an old man surreptitiously shoved two oranges into the folds of the still wet clothing she carried , she nodded her gratitude .
huddled on the floor , she stared at the two oranges the old man had given to her as the minutes ticked by minutes that turned into hours .
when she extended it again , she deposited one of the oranges into his broad palm .
he tucked two oranges into the folds of my clothing as i walked past him .
other than the two teenage guards , the women who supervised my shower , and the old man who gave me the oranges , i did nt have contact with anyone else in the prison .
that first part is a promise i intend for you to keep , major winslow , but for the time being you should eat your orange .
an elderly man working in the prison kitchen gave me two oranges several days ago .
i grabbed a paper bag and then i grabbed a few pieces of fruit and a bunch of pastries and two bottles of orange juice .
she even filled the fridge for me with milk and orange juice and eggs and arranged for the paper .
the smell of bacon , toast , and oranges filled my nostrils , making my stomach growl in appreciation .
from then on starts the extensive practicing on oranges and observing agnas at work.agnas.thats the woman with the vampire hangover .
gascon sipped at his orange juice , then set the glass down and pushed to his feet .
she crossed to the bar to pour drinks , whiskey for nicolas , orange juice for herself .
no , but i have some orange juice .
he squeezed my fingers and let go , returning to his orange chicken .
no toast , no bacon , no orange juice , no milkjust eggs .
i miss milk and orange juice and lucky charms and peanut butter .
at one point , she 'd thought he was that tall , athletic stud at the grocery store who josie climbed over bales of oranges and potatoes to discover wore basketball shorts , a sweet pair of tennis shoes , a stylish set of chrome and neon limbs , and the widest wedding ring she 'd ever seen on a man or woman .
she smelled of orange and clove .
she chewed furiously until she tasted the symphony of the dressing and the blood orange .
* * * * over kung pao chicken and glazed orange beef , our conversation ranged from the sermon needless to say , i could nt contribute much on the topic to the cowboys chances to win their next game .
( my chest makes me think about that joke where a lingerie salesman asks the guy shopping for a gift to describe his wife 's size cantaloupes , oranges , apples , eggs ... and he goes , yeah , fried !
monday morning , i had woken up habitually , and now i was watching the twelfth hour of the today show and seriously pondering pouring some vodka in my orange juice .
the tangy taste of her favorite orange juice quenched her thirst .
especially since joni had drank too much orange juice .
after one step , he tasted sweet oranges .
` ` alex , would you call room service and ask them to send up some more of that divine fresh orange juice ? ''
grace set down her fork and swirled her orange juice in the half empty glass .
she finished off her orange juice .
riley returned his orange juice to the table and reached for a piece of toast .
simon shrugged , cutting another slice of orange .
simon smiled and flung the rest of the orange into nearby bushes .
they sat in the shade of the rocky outcrop , eating oranges as the smell of wild jasmine floated by .
the lower slopes , planted with oranges , pineapples and maize , gave way to the upper slopes of tea and coffee .
she picked an orange , peeling it and eating as she walked .
but i will have some of the juice of oranges .
* * * * * becca sat at angels kitchen bar scowling as she watched her friend pour orange juice into two glasses .
alexs eyebrows shot up in amused astonishment as he removed eggs , bacon , and a bowl of oranges from the large stainless steel refrigerator .
i drank straight from the carton , grimacing at the combined taste of the spell and the orange juice .
my right thumb traced the rectangular pattern etched into my orange juice glass , triggering a flash back to the dream i d had the night before .
dad reluctantly took his seat and responded to our twitchy server , sure , i d like an orange juice and ... he raised his eyebrows at me .
he poured the orange juice , even though he 'd lost interest in it .
she took an orange from the refrigerator and started to peel it , holding the garbage can open with one foot as she tossed the peels .
she curled a bit of pale orange onto her spoon .
nadia helped lucas carry snacks and orange juice from the gleaming kitchen into the living - room where the star of the party had been allowed to switch the tv on and watch an ice age dvd .
somebody had grabbed her heart in their fist and was squeezing and squeezing , as if it were an orange used to make juice .
the air was heavy with a wonderful smell of orange blossoms .
mary nearly choked on her orange juice the moment she saw kate .
i quickly guzzled down my orange juice as fast as i could .
i grabbed an orange and some fruit salad - comfort food that reminded me of home .
she tasted like orange and strawberry and the sharp tang of good champagne .
she was mucking about , trying to fish a slice of spiced orange out of lyn 's glass and adela was firmly boring for brussels , dribbling on about running mah - jong coffee mornings at the british and commonwealth womens association .
then they jumped for doughnuts , and raced oranges down team lines only using their chins .
she ran to the kitchen and returned in a flash , handing him a bowl of apples and oranges .
` ` harris , would you like some orange juice or apple juice ? ''
` ` i 'd like orange juice . ''
breakfast consisted of cream of wheat topped with pure maple syrup , a slice of cinnamon raisin toast , and a small glass of freshly squeezed orange juice right from the tree in her backyard .
she said in a commanding tone and took a sip of cold orange juice .
behind him , todd poured out two glasses of orange juice and carried them to the table , then returned for forks and knives .
demetri stopped shoveling food into his mouth and took a drink of orange juice .
immediately he parted his lips , his mouth tasted like oranges .
alison looked around the clean gym that smelled of freshly squeezed oranges and carried a slight tinge of sweat that was not unpleasant at all .
i always have scrambled eggs , pancakes , toast with jam and butter , bacon , sausages , freshly squeezed orange juiceobviously i never made the juice myself .
i passed the hydrangeas and the various orange and peach trees , and the hints of palmettos on the edges of the yards , my nose lingering in the scent of late - spring , early summer .
it was the cheapest orange juice the store carried .
garnish with a slice of orange and a maraschino cherry .
now , slice two oranges and place the slices inside of the punch bowl .
fred explained as he sliced the oranges and placed them into the bowl .
alan i brought you some fresh - squeezed orange juice for you to try .
lastly , he garnished the drink with a curled orange peel .
mulled wine - combine one bottle of red wine , 1 cup of cognac , 3/4 of a cup of sugar , 2 cinnamon sticks , 3 whole cloves , 1 teaspoon of grated nutmeg , 1 vanilla bean , 1 star anise , 1 sliced orange , and 1 sliced lemon into a sauce pan and simmer for twenty - five minutes .
derek opts for a cup of coffee and a cinnamon roll while i order an orange juice and eye the network of roads stretching east .
still , i managed to drag myself into the shower and get some orange juice and toast down by the time he called from the lobby .
when i woke up this morning i bounded out of bed , took a leisurely shower , and made myself an indulgent breakfast of sparkling orange juice and a chocolate croissant .
i chuckled and downed the rest of my orange juice .
she set some eggs out on the counter with milk , orange juice , and bacon .
she tasted a piece of egg and added a little orange juice .
tonight she just wanted to drown in self - pity , maybe do something bad , like drink a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice without even waiting thirty minutes to brush her teeth , or better yet , flag the whole brushing of her teeth altogether so they would rot away in that acidic environment in her mouth .
max choked on his freshly squeezed orange juice , which required a thump on his back to recover .
max typed antons name into his phone while sipping the last of his orange juice .
hunter stalked closer , lured by the exotic scene , a mixture of fresh pine scent and orange blossoms , his footsteps absorbed by the soft carpet .
the lady smelled of peaches and orange blossoms just like his mysterious goddess from last night .
all around him , the scent of pine trees and orange blossoms intoxicated his nose .
it was an accident , hunter said , wanting to caress that soft cheek again , inhaling her sweet orange blossom scent .
raife grabs an orange juice and begins pacing .
or orange juice , if you have it ?
okay , i continued drawing my oranges and thought nate .
thankfully before the time ran out , nate yelled , an orange .
i closed my eyes and started thinking nates name , like i d done with the orange before .
he remembered that he had seen her drinking orange the previous night , do you drink anything other than fruit juice ?
my experience in the city told me they were hiding something , and the yellowing on their teeth said it was n't apples and oranges .
the scent of spicy oranges and dark chocolate began to waft through the shop and drifted to the noses of the female clientele .
tristan released his pheromones and the scent of dark chocolate and oranges wafted through the air .
the scent of chocolate and oranges wafted through the air .
chocolate and oranges ?
the chocolatier let his pheromones ooze out of his pores and the aroma of oranges and chocolate drifted lazily through the air .
did you know you smell like chocolate and oranges ?
while they made chocolate together side by side , issy could feel the heat of tristans body , and smell his tantalizing scent of oranges and dark chocolate that made her mouth water and her knees weak .
yes , i woke up , dressed , ate some toast and drank some orange juice .
while we were eating toast and drinking orange juice a sudden thought occurred to me .
he grilled three chicken breasts then made a chicken salad filled with lettuce , spinach , green olives , tomatoes , onion , snow peas , walnuts , apples , mandarin oranges , and dried cranberries .
the smell of fresh coffee , orange juice , and eggs with cheese brought kira back to life .
i do nt like orange .
` ` get some orange juice , kel y , and go lie down for an hour or two . ''
he moved around the kitchen , grabbing flour and eggs and oranges and something from the spice rack , and it looked like dancing , his movements were so smooth .
betty put her hand over her mug , swirled it around , and i could smell her favorite orange spice tea in the steam that wafted over the table .
i got out of bed early after a night of fitful sleep , then ambled downstairs and watched the early - morning cartoons while i ate my breakfast of coffee , an orange , and a strawberry pop - tart .
pancakes , eggs , bacon and sausage and ham , hash browns , orange juice and coffee .
` ` as i suspected , i did n't ask the right question , '' she said , after finishing off the orange juice .
the sheedy sisters used to pour their orange squash and lemonade from these very decanters .
the cabin steward was offering him some fresh orange juice .
` ` of course , the mezzo was just covering for the tenor , '' arabella said before she popped a bite of orange into her mouth .
i lifted my orange juice in salute .
baby carrots , cheese enchiladas and oranges .
like oranges and the white flowers that grew outside my window in paris .
the smell of oranges drifted up to me as i pressed a soft kiss against her hair .
she laughed and i kissed her hair , smiling at the familiar scent of oranges .
the counter was set , placemats and a plate for each of us , glasses of orange juice off to the side .
i tip her extra for asking if we want salt and limes , or cinnamon and oranges , and i tell her to put both in the tray .
while she 's busy slicing the orange i chuck down two of the tequila shots , not bothering with the whole ritual but welcoming the raw burn down my throat and straight into my stomach .
come to think of it , '' she muses , then puts the small dish with the orange and lime slices next to the shots before she reaches for a pen and napkin .
bella is nibbling on her orange slice before she finishes the second one off , all the while glancing at me from the corner of her eye .
i take a seat next to jesse and he pours me some orange juice .
i hand him the post and pour myself some orange juice .
i take a nervous sip of my orange juice while he drills displeased eyes into me .
but i made her drink orange juice . ''
feminine and sweet , thick like chilled caramel , with a faint hint of oranges and cinnamon , vanilla and ... something else .
` ` would you like some orange juice ? ''
breakfast had consisted of coffee and the bottled orange juice bethanne picked up at a filling station on the way out of wells .
` ` i 'd forgotten how good indian river oranges are . ''
after a leisurely breakfast of orange juice and toast by the pool , she took a long walk on the beach .
rosie poured herself a cold orange juice and walked back into the tiny living room .
filled with apples , oranges , bananas , grapes and a variety of nuts and chocolate , it was wrapped in silvery cellophane and decorated with a large plaid bow .
he whirled back , slashing out with the blade - only to see the automaton suddenly come apart in ribbons before him , great slices of metal peeling back like the skin of an orange .
someone else was giggling softly , hopelessly , a sound sadder than weeping ; another voice repeated a children 's rhyme over and over and over again : ` ` oranges and lemons say the bells of st . clement 's when will ye pay me ?
` ` tanner got the last piece of orange , and tucker wanted it .
the few hours she 'd spent with him had helped her realize that her heart was still capable of response , that it had n't shriveled up inside her like an orange left too long in the fruit bowl .
i followed him through alleys and narrow side streets , nearly catching him , only to lose him as he leapt over a crate of oranges that i tripped over , scattering fruit and earning an earful of italian curses .
isabelle 's refrigerator was nearly bare , thanks to dale 's bottomless stomach , but there were still a few oranges and some celery sticks .
he 'd fed her slices of orange , and she 'd licked the juice from his fingertips .
there should be one apple ; no , an orange .
a tiny green blemish marred the orange 's puckered peel .
the problem with the orange was that it was n't hers .
the fresh squeezed orange juice i 'd worked so hard on yesterday sounded good .
moments later , she returned with a bottle of wine , orange juice , and two glasses .
beth spit her orange juice across the table , narrowly missing nick 's crisp white shirt .
luce and shelby were walking along shoreline 's tiny beach , sharing an orange and a thermos of chai .
she was holding a wicker tray with two glasses of orange juice , two plates of buttered toast , and a box of alka - seltzer .
wren had a plate full of grilled green peppers and onions , and two oranges .
he swallowed and cleared his pallet with a gulp of cold orange juice .
he finished his orange juice in one chug and set the glass back down , his piercing gaze bobbing from her green eyes to the full breasts resting on the table .
it was a little bizarre to be sitting between two nak*d men while she drank orange juice , but it felt decadent .
he 'd remembered that she 'd asked for orange juice last time .
` ` it 's all my favorites and he remembered orange juice . ''
his hands started to shake , so he got himself some orange juice instead .
the air smelled of ripening oranges and fertile soil and dirt baked by the sun .
i swore i heard his voice and smelled the scent of oranges .
the meat is pink , moist and tasted like oranges , the vegetables are fresh and cooked perfectly and i want to lick the sauce of the plate but i think that would be a faux pas .
laughing hard , cole moves around the counter and behind me to pick up the apples and oranges from the floor .
rebecca laughed as she retrieved a pitcher of freshly squeezed orange juice from the refrigerator .
julia sipped her orange juice and began to eat her breakfast , urged as she was not to wait for gabriel 's arrival .
your beatrice julia propped the note up against the wine glass she used for his orange juice .
julia sang loudly , too loudly , dancing with her orange juice in gabriel 's pretentious underwear , blissfully unaware of the half - naked man who was striding up behind her .
gabriel had left another note with a wine goblet filled with orange juice .
it was garnished with an orange slice .
yours , gabriel julia sipped the orange juice as she examined the items before her .
it was so much better than orange juice .
she knocked her orange juice over accidentally , turning her breakfast into a sticky , juice soaked disaster .
april ducked her head , focusing on her orange juice .
after checking the refrigerator and discovering an open box of baking soda , two small containers of yogurt and a shriveled - up orange , she realized she 'd need to go out later for dog food .
if mixture seems too dry , add a little orange juice or strawberry jam .
one orange juice , yogurt , a cinnamon apple granola bar , and one package of raisins .
she poured the girls some orange juice , then started packing lunches .
daisy asked , holding up an orange .
i bent down and kissed the top of her head before taking the orange from her and peeling it .
i finished peeling the orange and grabbed a paper towel , then handed it to daisy .
i opened the fridge and shoved the bud lights to the back of the fridge and moved the orange juice in front of them before daisy noticed .
she 'd added flower beds beneath the lemon and orange trees , as well as a bubbling fountain , and she 'd hung multiple trailing - flower baskets and a swing on the porch .
he picked up his nehi orange and took a long swig .
they say it teases the palate with a hint of ginger and is best with a slice of orange .
a mix , called ` ` the earth is blue like an orange , '' that she made for me last christmas .
opening the fridge , she found a bag of oranges and pulled two out .
lena set the black icing on the counter and picked up the orange .
meanwhile , the grenadier had drawn two more grenades from his bag , clay spheres each the size of an orange , filled with gunpowder .
the rain turned briefly to hail , tiny balls of ice bouncing off his head and shoulders , and a covey of orange - girls scuttled past him , squealing in a mix of consternation and exhilaration , leaving a delicious scent of chilled oranges in their wake .
the cold globular feel of the orange was pleasant in his hand , and the slackening hail had cooled his blood a little .
still , what would be the point of hammering his brother , or even pegging him with an orange at short range ?
he put the orange in his pocket and sloshed moodily across a flooded street , kicking floating cabbage leaves out of the way .
as he followed stephan from the coach , he caught the scent of von namtzen 's cologne , something faint and spicy - cloves , he thought , and was absurdly reminded of christmas , and oranges studded thick with cloves , the smell festive in the house .
his hand closed on the orange , cool and round in his pocket , and he thought of other rounded things that might fit in his hand , these warm .
stephan took it , but rather than shake it , drew him close , and the taste of oranges was suddenly in his mouth .
he ordered pecan waffles and bacon for both of them , with coffee and orange juice .
` ` i was n't sure which one you preferred so i brought you orange juice and coffee . ''
the sparkle of life sprays out of his cells like citrus mist from an orange peel , and i suck it in .
a trio of teenage boys in yellow jumpsuits hauls a cart of oranges past us , and i notice one of them has strange sores running down the side of his face , sunken brown patches like the bruises on an apple , as if the cells have simply collapsed .
this was the first time in two years he 'd been state - side for the holiday and he 'd been looking forward to his mother 's orange rolls and his dad 's homemade wine .
silas set his bag aside , noting the faint scent of oranges and yeast , and started toward what was actually the key selling point to any beachfront property - the back porch .
for whatever reason , he got the grim premonition that he could forget about the orange rolls and usual holiday treats .
` ` my mother 's orange rolls , actually , '' he confessed with a laughing sigh , ` ` but i do n't think i ' m going to find those on the menu anywhere in town . ''
the scent of oranges and yeast and icing instantly enveloped him and he grinned .
` ` you made the orange rolls ? ''
he 'd expected a spoiled , helpless , petulant debutante , and instead she had had the spirit , the pure guts , to hurl herself into the jungle with two peanut butter sandwiches and some orange juice as provisions .
jane saved a little of her orange juice , and when she finished eating she took a small bottle from the pack .
after selecting a piece of orange from the tray , she bit into the juicy fruit as she watched him pull his dark green undershirt over his head .
` ` you 're going to be pretty noticeable in those camouflage fatigues , '' she said , poking a bit of the orange into his mouth .
despite the odor of exhaust fumes she could smell the sweetness of orange blossoms , and grant was warm beside her , his strong leg pressed against hers .
` ` fresh oranges and melon .
she finished her task and asked , ` ` would you like some orange juice ? ''
` ` i had orange juice and coffee on the way over here . ''
for all she knew , he might have brought along apples , or oranges , or omitted fruit altogether .
kneeling on the blanket , he opened the basket and set out sandwiches , a couple of cans of cold pop , potato chips and two oranges .
erin 's gaze rested on the oranges for the longest moment .
as if she needed something to occupy her hands , she reached for one of the oranges , peeling it open .
she tasted of orange and woman .
knowing it was probably a mistake , charlie walked into the kitchen and found his mother , aunt myrtle , and rick at the old oak table at the end of the kitchen with the familiar squatty glasses in their hands and the smell of oranges in the air .
she measured the gin and the orange juice into the cocktail shaker before reaching for the grenadine .
for years , jude had worried that she would forget her daughter , that time would somehow sand away her memories until nothing solid was left , but now , sitting here in the sunshine , holding her balloons , she remembered everything - how mia used to suck her thumb and stroke her stuffed puppy 's satin paws , how she used to break into a run just before she saw jude in the carpool lane , how she ate her oranges in sections , tearing away every tiny speck of white , how in a hurry she was to grow up .
says it 's got hints of apples and oranges , so how bad can it be ?
he said , taking a big gulp of his orange juice , buying time .
` ` i ' ve brought you some orange juice and a couple of scrambled eggs .
reaching into the side pocket of his coat , he brought out an orange , which she seized with a cry of delight , though she paused for an instant before digging her thumb into the peel .
she smelled of oranges and burning , and the light of the setting sun rippled in her hair .
` ` so are most other kinds of plants - oranges and lemons are best , but of course you ca n't get those here - but onions , cabbage , apples ... eat something like that every day , and you wo n't get scurvy .
if it were her mother speaking , though , next would have come the orange - flavored st . joseph 's aspirin , a tiny pill to be sucked and savored , as much treat as medicine , the aches and fever seeming to subside as quickly as the sweet tart pill dissolved on her tongue .
the door opened and in walked my mommy , ` ` hey sweetheart , i brought you some of that orange juice you like so much , '' she said in her happy voice .
i ' m so nauseous i do n't even eat , just sip an orange juice , and then i slip into my running pants and tennis shoes , and try not to barf when i brush my teeth .
whatever he 'd poured into her glass was dark and complex , heady and aromatic , tasting of vanilla and oranges , and was simply amazing .
` ` i had some orange juice .
while he was mixing the batter , she set the table , poured the orange juice , and got out the eggs .
jared leaped over the oranges and apples spilling off the island onto the floor , and gave chase .
i cleared the table from last night and toasted her belgian waffle , then added the orange cream and shaved almonds to the top of it .
` ` i know , '' i snapped taking a glass and pouring her some orange juice .
lorraine was tossed about the backseat like a sack of oranges , flung from one side of the vehicle to the other as he wove in and out of traffic .
returning to the galley , she discovered a wrinkled orange in the tiny refrigerator , along with four or five beers .
with no other choice , she peeled the orange .
` ` i ... seem to be getting seasick , '' she said when she brought him the orange .
she had n't seen them the night before when she 'd brought him the orange .
she 'd put the steaks in the marinade the day before : red wine , orange juice , grapefruit juice , salt , and pepper .
orange and grape .
` ` do you prefer grape or orange juice ? ''
i nodded and went to get glasses and orange juice so we could eat breakfast together .
he eyed sam and garrett suspiciously as he opened the fridge and took out the orange juice .
the scent of hunan shrimp mingled with citrus in the air as she peeled an orange to go with her dinner .
adam 's voice startled lauryn so badly she nearly inhaled her orange juice .
` ` there 's lime juice , a slice of orange and a cherry in here .
why could n't he have chosen one of the more innocent oranges or plums ?
` ` he smashed an orange into my sheet music ! ''
` ` she crushed the orange . ''
mary , next time do n't step on the orange . ''
who 'd bought the apples , the oranges in the bowl ?
when we walk into the kitchen , dante and quinn are lounging at the table with freshly squeezed orange juice .
shawn grabbed an orange from her fruit bowl and tossed it in the air , juggling it with an apple and doing a poor job .
her brother retrieved the orange .
i head into the kitchen and drink the orange juice straight out of the jug .
` ` can you get tru a glass of water and i 'll have an orange juice , please , '' jake says to him .
` ` you sure you do n't want orange juice or something ? ''
` ` can you get tru a glass of water and i 'll have an orange juice , please . ''
she could n't look at him , so she focused on the orange juice .
he 'd started getting a hard - on every time someone brought him a f**king orange .
you have no idea what oranges do to us now , piper .
` ` leftover chicken , cottage cheese three weeks past its expiration date , swiss cheese and an orange . ''
` ` i 'll take the orange . ''
he peeled the orange and handed it to her , frowning .
she ate a section of the rather dry orange .
` ` james , '' she said , staring down at the orange .
ten minutes later , he walked into the kitchen , where summer was pouring two glasses of orange juice .
do you like orange juice or milk or both ?
john nodded , watching the sliced oranges spill into his glass along with the red wine .
in the refrigerator she found milk , several boxes of butter and eggs , some apples , oranges , and raisins .
cale scraped oranges for the rind to go into a special orange cookie that quinn 's grandmother used to make .
cale scraped oranges for the rind to go into a special orange cookie that quinn 's grandmother used to make .
did you need orange juice ? ''
as soon as he set her breakfast on the shiny black china , he reached into the refrigerator to pull out a cup of pineapple , bananas , and mandarin oranges .
sure enough , he was pouring champagne into a flute and adding a little orange juice .
vodka and orange juice .
i have n't eaten more than an orange in two days .
shaking his head , he pushes my orange juice forward and i down it in one hit .
` ` apples and oranges .
afterward , raine relaxed back and sipped her orange juice , wondering what hammer and liam were preparing for her and if beck and seth had more questions this morning .
standing in my childhood home drinking orange spice tea and wearing workout clothes that make me feel feral .
you date a guy for a few years and you get to know his mother fairly well , even if she has a stick up her butt so long she could pick oranges with it .
amanda is slicing oranges and shoving them into little paper cups that will be summarily squashed by the fists of runners and flung in our faces .
i know there are volunteer spots in there to help with answering questions , directing people to bathrooms , helping with finding outlets to charge dead mobile phones , and to listen to people complain about everything from the dye in the gatorade to questions about whether the oranges have gmos in them .
i should get some oranges and gatorade and toss them his way .
do you have anything that smells like an orange ? ''
tangy oranges and sweet flowers .
sweet orange for happiness .
` ` i love ice in my orange juice , so i ' m going to run down the hall and see if there 's an ice machine on this floor . ''
while noah showered and shaved , she padded into the living room area of the hotel suite in a bathrobe , intent on getting herself some orange juice from the small refrigerator there .
she began to move around the room - opening the fridge , drinking some orange juice and looking out the window at the bright sunshine - but without taking anything in .
` ` well , we can rule out drunk , since it 's sunday morning and you 're sipping orange juice , so ... what is going on ? ''