psychically linked organism psionically linked organism either one is better .
she paused a little , as though listening intently to the rest of the general organism of which she was part .
you 're a sort of collective organism .
and from that to the wildfire organism was but a single step , a single leap of the imagination ...
` ` in short , you devise an organism to carry your message .
we specialize in recreational and sports organisms .
the dasihari lounge catered to the full range in the complex organism that was the united nations .
favoured model organism of biologists for decades now .
there was the sense of walking through a social organism a seemingly unstructured collection of people who were connected by unseen strings , even as those strings were manipulated by an unseen puppet master .
and there he was , daniel , in his tight white short - sleeved polo shirt and dungarees , dancing wildly and beautifully with two shapely chocolate - skinned women under the red lights of a small club , the floor around them so packed that the crowd itself appeared to be one writhing organism .
using the networked rf organism gives us the flexibility to monitor the device anytime it is connected to the internal mesh net , said ron .
he s integrating the organism into his brain functions .
nevertheless , her full focus during her walk diverted to the secrets that were being kept by those two words , and it served as a blatant reminder that she was dealing with an entirely new organism of a school .
a collective organism , breathing , moving , talking .
i want to be respectful ; i think the judicial organism is a powerful good thing .
the intoxicated will which had been slowly poisoning the intelligence and the affections had now at last poisoned itself and the whole psychic organism had fallen to pieces .
the crowd was a huge - but still swelling - organism .
men milled about , the crowd dissolved as a cooperative organism .
the concept already works for computers and may , ultimately , lead to all computers on the planet being linked and forming a massive supercomputing organism .
this much - discussed empire was like a living , formless , pulsating organism that kept changing shape .
the foxhounds barked and threaded around each other like an organism , never taking their eyes off me as i gathered my reins and placed a foot into the stirrup .
this concert however , with its sudden and immediate kick off , came across less planned , but yet more enthusiastic , passionate , and natural , with the band responding to , and communicating with the crowd as if everyone there formed one single organism .
the crystal - blue sky was dotted here and there with puffs of cotton clouds and the city rumbled and bustled along , an organism that was self - perpetuating .
and even at that age , when he had been sent , as was the custom , to foster for two years with his mother 's brother , dougal mackenzie , it was part and parcel of the life expected for a man who would return to live forever on his land , to care for his tenants and estate , to be a part of a larger organism .