amy 's mind screamed at her to say something , offer an olive branch , anything to smooth over what she 'd done , but she could n't tear her tongue off the roof of her mouth .
' will you offer me ... an olive branch ... for the sake of those we love ? '
` ` or she could just be trying to send out an olive branch and be my friend , '' i said , which seemed like the wildest theory of all .
proving she is a saint , annith offers the branch of friendship once more by asking , ` ` may i get you some stew ? ''
while branch went running to the door the moment his mother announced that dinner was ready , his brother did n't follow him .
ever since branch and i decided to go public , brooks had been throwing himself at anything that walked , claiming he was finally ' free to roam about the country ' .
he said nothing to me as he walked out with branch .
you 're going to be happy with branch .
we had it often , but other couples our age were doing it all of the time , and neither me nor branch had the energy for that kind of thing .
even though the distance had been good for my and branch 's relationship , it still had n't filled the hole that he 'd left in my heart .
` ` it 's more beautiful than the pictures , branch .
you thought i was branch and i did n't correct you .
i would n't have been so vested in my relationship and future with branch and we could have tried to sort out whatever feelings we had for each other .
i ' m marrying branch because i love him and we have a life together .
if you are n't sure about being with branch for the rest of your life , then do n't do it . ''
i cringed when i turned around , but only focused on getting branch to the elevator .
you can marry branch and start your happy lives together . ''
` ` she thinks you ran to branch to make amends , because you have that motto where you never go to bed angry . ''
and you -- how could you do that to branch ?
you had those barbie 's up there and branch kept throwing them out and making you climb down and get them .
he pulled me aside when you started dating branch .
part of it was because i thought you 'd get jealous and want me instead of branch .
mom made a huge deal trying to keep me occupied while you were doing your own things and making out with branch .
` ` sorry , we were just worried that you 'd think we were lying to keep branch from b . ''
it seems there 's a lot of things that branch did that we were n't aware of .
even branch seems content with his life . ''
` ` so i sent branch and email this morning asking them to come to dinner friday night .
he stuck out his hand for branch .
` ` all of this is your fault , branch .
you could never be him , branch .
` ` that 's where you 're wrong , branch .
it does n't bother me that you 're with branch .
besides , even though branch clearly had fallen in love with his niece , his eyes did n't sparkle when she walked into the room , like her daddy 's did .
she had offered the proverbial olive branch by showing him how to use the shower and ordering his breakfast .
my old teacher was offering me an olive branch , trying to set aside the things that had come between us .
taking her leavings to the recycler was a small olive branch , but it was all he had .
no more missions for you for a while , miss branch .
that is reasonable , miss branch .
according to our sources , she said , miss branch is reckless and unrestrained , with a tendency to neglect caution and common sense .
is it true , another man at the conference table asked , that miss branch was wounded by gunfire only a week after joining the department ?
finlay once again pulled out his lighter and branch to light up the pathway .
edwin offered the only olive branch he was willing to concede .
2 the donuts on the way to work were old hat for steve branch .
his dad had been a homicide cop , and steve branch was a chip off his old mans block right down to his endless sips of java and the eternal wetness of so many wayward and very horny women .
steve branch .
best to restrain jimmie ding dong at times , if you know what i mean , detective steve branch told him .
so many bodies , so little time , steve branch mused out loud as he surveyed the huge mess inside .
detective steve branch confided in me that it was a case where a conceal carry law might have prevented most of the deaths .
like i mentioned to you many times , the answer is easy , detective steve branch said , arm everyone .
detective steve branch asked .
ill get it out of you , steve branch told the young man .
detective steve branch swallowed and kept himself busy variously typing and then writing each report in long hand .
sebastian had learned through their prison branches that the thurmond boys all had tight lips .
still confused , attie nodded ; he seemed to have taken the olive branch and ben could breathe again .
a tinkling hit the leaves as he wondered where his man was now ; chillings ordered him to abandon the subway near the e branch spur at copley station , then wait for further orders .
` ` i can just see q branch dreaming it up .
' now q branch in london is trying to fix some way of wiring the damn thing for sound .
unless q branch can think up something very clever , i shall have to be content with keeping an eye on them .
the right hand that seemed to be clawing at his pierced heart , was within inches , when he could release the book , of the little attache case - within inches of the lateral stitching that held the flat - bladed throwing - knives , two edged and sharp as razors , that he had mocked when q branch had demonstrated the catch that held them .
the question was addressed to julian rather than desari , a tentative olive branch from the second in command .
despite all this , macrieve had offered her an olive branch .
john felt the pain receptors in his chest light up like a power grid - which told him how much he 'd expected out of this olive branch .
` ` let me see , '' lana was there , offering a silent olive branch .
nice olive branch , mom .
white people did nt want their kids going to desegregated schools , so they started private schools like queens branch no blacks allowed .
adolfo knew he was losing control of the situation and decided to offer an olive branch , at least for the moment .
mason extended an olive branch by asking me to be his best man .
answered mike branch from his seat on the seawall .
mac mccorkle and mike branch both having made the connection weeks ago , were standing together with know - it - all smiles on their faces giving brad a thumbs up whenever he made eye contact with them .
dans ce restau branch ou ailleurs , en fait elles ne me regardent plus !
des diplomates en costume gris sombre mais sans cravate , attirs par ce quartier branch appel le village , de jeunes femmes de beijing ou shanghai , jupes courtes et bottines de couleurs vives , qui se montraient leurs accessoires achets dans laprs - midi , un couple do nt lhomme lui paraissait chinois dhong - kong par son attitude et sa coupe de cheveux , et la femme , au teint clair , maigre , autrichienne par son maintien , tous les deux en train de lire leur mails sur leur smartphone .
he would set aside pride and offer an olive branch in hopes of soothing the damage that he knew threatened the future that had only begun a few nights earlier .
joseph kalonymos had heard my father speak of the deronda branch , and the name confirmed his suspicion .
how many guys know three michelle branch songs ?
hethe hesitated , then apparently decided to take the olive branch she offered .
yet before he could offer an olive branch he caught sight of avery and her companion heading for the exit .
` ` we missed you at breakfast , '' she tendered an olive branch .
maybe she 'd extended an olive branch to show that she had no hard feelings .
he should say something , offer an olive branch of some sort .