turning a corner , i almost bumped into a man who was standing near a big palm tree planted in a massive fiberglass flowerpot .
they got to a long , low palm that stretched toward the ocean and in its shadow dare laid her on a soft bed of grass .
huge palms graced its courtyard and framed the gleaming ivory walls and red and gold flowers were sprinkled amongst the rich green leaves that formed a soft carpet along its base .
with each passing hour it grew stronger until by nightfall the force of the wind had the palm trees bending low , practically kissing ground .
as the sea breeze blew inland , the coconut palms bordering the sand waved and bowed as if in greeting .
within minutes she and jason were seated in an intimate little alcove , separated from the other side of the restaurant by potted palms and a chinese screen .
melanie crossed the room and went to stare past the palm fronds and green leaves of the almond trees to the brilliant blue sea stretching out before them .
the princess royal was a pretty decent hotel with marble tiles on the floor , elegant faux palms in each corner and a granite counter for a reception desk .
to solie 's delight , upon arrival they were ushered to a relatively secluded table for two right by the huge bay window that looked out onto the tropical landscape with its lush gardens and stately palms .
there were palms , tall and elegant in the corners and soft ferns in charming pots hanging from the ceiling .
palm trees and plants that only grew in greenhouses lined the road , green things growing wild against the bright blue sky .
small lights twinkled in the palm trees lining the paths to the various areas on the resort .
it had an easy slope up to the big doors of a kitchen and was shaded from view of the house by palms and bushes .
he led me past some palm trees to an adorable bungalow on the beach .
the front door was flanked by two palm trees leading up to a wooden porch that wrapped around the entire house .
the storm was picking up and tossing the leaves of the palm trees around like they were in a crazy dance party .
behind me , green palms fluttered in the warm breeze .
if there had n't been people around , i would have pinned him to a palm tree and had my way with him .
the what - if 's buzzed around my head like vultures as palm trees and smaller beach houses whizzed by .
the house was set on a hill , surrounded by palm trees and flowering tropical plants .
strung between two palm trees , it was shaded enough so she did n't burn in the sun , but at just the right angle to enjoy the view .
she swayed in the hammock , watching the dance of the palm fronds above her head .
then i can hire a pool boy who wo n't mind me ogling him as he skims the palm fronds from the water . ''
they touched down on an island filled with tall hotels , long sandy beaches and palm tress , and immediately boarded a helicopter that took them to the coast .
traveling around large palm trees , she gasped when she saw the bright , clear waters out in front of them .
sergei took the seat opposite , the evening breeze lifting the fringe on the table 's canopy , making the palm leaves dance .
she could smell the ocean in the distance and there was nothing wrong with reading under some lovely palm tree , she thought .
only fifty feet away , she looked out onto the spectacular view of the ocean beating against the rocks , palm trees swaying softly in the breeze and hibiscus flowers blooming profusely along the fence line .
the palm trees waive merrily above the streets and the flowering bushes overflow the yards and fences to reach into the streets .
at its side was a balcony , the biggest one i had ever seen in my life , a paradise of palm trees and flowers , swings and gazebos , and manmade waterfalls and ponds that looked deep enough for people to swim in .
moving to palm beach would give her the fresh start she needed .
potted palm trees lay prone , one on top of another like dominoes .
someone who 's genuine and accidentally knocks over palm trees in lobbies , because she wanted to get away from an uncouth ass**le who could n't keep his mouth shut or his hands to himself .
christian watched in complete fascination as zoe disappeared into the remaining jungle of palm trees .
` ` you know , the whole knife thing , then the palm trees , '' she added , making a little face .
` ` you were alone on palm island . ''
` ` i ' m cleaning vacation homes on palm island . ''
this morning , when ivy had woken up with a fever and rose had been frantic , he 'd volunteered to go to palm island and clean so rose would have one less thing to worry about .
then he 'd come with her to palm island again , helping her clean and playing with the baby .
` ` taking my bestie to palm island .
chapter twelve summer rode in silence as gabriel drove them over the bridge to palm island .
palms trees and small sand dunes , with vibrant orange wildflowers growing on them , flanked the road , while houses built on stilts rose above it all .
if the board wanted palm oil , then we 'd plant our own , though it would take decades to harvest .
stepping through the opening for the sliding glass door , the sun had not yet set but its glare had been masked by the weeping willow and palm trees at the back of the yard .
he then called ray to get the bentley out to drive olivia to his mother 's palm beach residence .
i 'll have to go to palm beach in the morning for a family meeting . '
' jordan has just ordered twenty dozen red roses , without the fudge , to be couriered to a palm beach residence on friday afternoon . '
having dealt with the business of the day , he drove to palm beach , intent on checking what his mother and sister had done so far .
it was easy to keep that in the forefront of her mind as they travelled to palm beach .
fundu lagoon looked like a great holiday retreat with its beach lodge and bungalows built from mangrove poles and palm thatch , giving the place a sense of fitting perfectly into the beautiful island environment , while still providing every modern convenience and equipment for all watersports .
three sides of it were virtually walls of glass ; the end wall looking directly out on a white sand beach and a clear turquoise sea , the side walls giving a view of green lawns , palm trees and tropical gardens .
most of the area surrounding it was paved with slabs of blue - green slate , but along the high side fences of the property , ensuring privacy , was a profusion of fern - trees , palms and tropical shrubs with shiny , colourful leaves , creating an environment that was visually exotic as well as inviting total relaxation .
she was in the other wing of the family mansion , having been his mother 's guest here at palm beach ever since they 'd left byron bay and come to sydney .
there were no formal gardens , just a few artistically placed palm trees - big fat pineapple - shaped palms with a mass of fronds growing out of the top .
there were no formal gardens , just a few artistically placed palm trees - big fat pineapple - shaped palms with a mass of fronds growing out of the top .
it was a perfect night , a cloudless sky full of stars , a full moon rising above the fronds of a palm tree , the air still warm and balmy from the hot summer day .
she 'd reached the shadow of the palm trees lining the driveway before he caught up with her and forcibly blocked any further attempt at escape by wrapping his arms around her .
as he drove them along the island road , which ran between towering norfolk pines and masses of palm trees , he pointed out the bowling club , the school , the hospital , the island museum , the bicycle hire shop , the boat - shed where they could arrange snorkelling and diving trips or go out to the reef in a glass - bottom boat .
even the various accommodation places they passed were virtually hidden away behind palm trees and shrubbery .
on other walks she marvelled at the massively spreading groves of banyan trees - weirdly exotic towering over all the palms - and loved the boat trips that took them on snorkel tours of the best viewing areas around the coral reef .
now , driving her back to her palm beach home after visiting joyce in mona vale hospital , cole saw she was fighting tears .
perfect for a visit to a palm beach residence , which was definitely in millionaire territory .
finally they came to palm beach , right at the end of the peninsula , where large mansions overlooked the ocean on one side and pittwater the other .
she glanced down at their interlocked hands , suddenly recalling the horribly tense scene just after tara had left the palm beach house and cole had come to the conservatory to eliminate any distress she 'd caused .
no relaxing in between his business talks on the palm jumeirah development .
he takes my elbow and leads me deeper into the room close to a large palm plant .
with the trailing fronds of a palm tree and his big body hiding me from the party his hand comes up to pinch my right nipple .
in my opinion , it is the most beautiful part of the house , with its old victorian stained glass and its profusion of citrus trees , tropical palms , and orchids .
with palm trees in bronze pots , a fainting couch and a low divan that has a peacock with a spread tail embroidered on it .
abundant palm trees and the grape vines give the impression of a tropical rainforest .
` ` there are palm trees and sand so white it hurts to look at it .
` ` i have n't spoken to your father since that day in palm beach .
that trip to palm beach had been the last time meredith had seen her grandfather .
from there , he had continued to control his business investments , but he left the operation of bancroft and company entirely to meredith 's father , as he had done from the day he moved to palm beach .
in the refrigerator meredith found a beautifully arranged platter of cold , marinated chicken and a salad of hearts of palm .
i ' m leaving for palm beach in an hour to spend the weekend with teddy and liz jenkins on their yacht .
reaching out , meredith pressed the combination of keys that showed the phoenix store 's sales figures for this same day last year , and then those from the palm beach store , so that she could see the comparison .
on tuesday of the following week , charlotte bancroft , president of seaboard industries , and her son jason were officially questioned in palm beach , florida , regarding a series of bomb threats and stock manipulations against bancroft and company .
for several moments , all kate heard was the pounding of her heart and the restless rustling of palm fronds overhead .
from the bag , kate extracted two of the gaudiest neckties she 'd ever seen , one with palm trees on it , the other with the wordsst .
maarten intertwined among palm trees , a baseball cap , sunglasses , and a camera slung around his neck .
he wanted to show her the house he was building on anguilla , too - his first house , one that was being built amid a grove of palm trees on a gorgeous stretch of pristine beach with a breathtaking view of the water .
at the edge of the garden near the beach was the clump of palms she 'd been standing under when mitchell relented and came back to answer some of her questions ... my brother 's name was william .
vendors sat patiently in their booths selling seashell jewelry , knick - knacks , as well as portraits with palm trees and beaches .
we wended our way along the driveway ; surrounding us was a beautiful landscape of unique flowers , palm trees and beautifully manicured grass .
i watch the sun dance on her face as the palm tree leaves above move in the breeze .
not even the breathtaking sights of man - engineered beauty of parades of lush palms , immaculate lawns and explosions of flowers and the nature - endowed magic of azure skies and golden sand - seas meeting at the horizon could ameliorate her irritation at having to succumb to this abuse of power .
` ` a half - submerged red car beneath a palm . ''
moving the huge palm off the car took over thirty minutes , and it took as long to secure the car for the aerial ride .
date palms and olive trees numbering in the hundreds of thousands , wild flowers and cacti , impossible in beauty and abundance , farmed fruits and vegetables , especially apricots , figs and corn , astounding in size and taste .
he 'd ridden back into the depths of the waha , brought his magnificent black mare to a halt by the ayn , a miniature lake of crystal - clear water enclosed within a canopy of intertwining palms where everyone , including them , fetched their drinking water , crisp and perpetually cool .
sunshine trickled between the breeze - swaying palm crowns , an hypnotic light show accompanying his performance .
that was the last thing said as the limo , which she 'd long realized was part of a cavalcade , passed through gates ensconced between two towers flying the judarian flag high above the thirty - foot fence , through street - wide paths lined by palm trees and flower beds and paved in cobblestones .
hundreds of lanterns undulated in the twilight breeze between symmetrically planted palm trees .
the house was ensconced within an explosion of dense thickets of palm trees , pines and cypresses .
dense palm trees and what looked like all sorts of desert flora surrounded it on three sides .
then they were landing in a cobblestone courtyard nestled between palm trees at the side facing away from the sea .
a few hours later we landed , the white beaches and swaying palm trees greeting us from the airplane window .
past the palm trees and vegetation there were some houses further inland , and the occasional car or truck drifted by .
chapter fourteen shooting star the next night i was in the auditorium of the palms casino resort .
i considered stopping under a lone palm tree for a break , when i heard ` ` riley !
the last time i woke up and he was n't around , he 'd been planning our hotel getaway at the palms .
in the morning daylight , i could see a glimpse of ocean surf through the palm trees that lined reed 's driveway .
the skyscraper canyons were a stark contrast to the spacious , palm tree lined california boulevards i 'd left behind .
red with palm prints .
might as well be attracted to a tropical palm tree for all the good it would do .
the golden talcum powder sand reflected the afternoon sun , and beneath arching palm trees those who sought more relaxation rested in the shade .
her chauffeur hurried to lead her on the path flanked by magnificent palms and a plethora of other mediterranean flora to the entrance of the mansion .
the dense palm trees embracing the villa on its eastern and northern sides swayed in the strong autumn breeze in a dance of rustling elegance and harmony .
acres of polished marble the color of the awe - inspiring beaches just steps from the back porch , whitewashed walls , deep brown furniture the color of the palm trees that seemed to form a natural fortress wall around the villa , and accents in gradations of emerald like the breathtaking sea that greeted her from every window , spreading to the horizon .
date palms and olive trees numbered in the hundreds of thousands .
for minutes , as sunset expanded its dominion over the oasis , boosting the beauty to its most mind - boggling , he guided her to a spring of crystalline water enclosed within a canopy of palms .
she now watched as he braided palm leaves into an ingenious basket for her fruits .
one had a fireplace of yet another mix of rocks and stones , huge cushions on the floor and a tableyah , a foot - high circular table of palm wood that looked handmade , with the anachronism of a sleek silver laptop on top making it look more primal .
the palm trees it protected , drinking deep from the spring it enclosed , were verdant and heavy with crimson dates in the cleansing rain .
he 'd taken her hiking through the majestic desert by moonlight , exploring the incredible caves at dawn , climbing palm trees for ripe dates in the afternoon and skating on the dunes and jogging on the hard sand trails at twilight .
jade masses of palm and olive trees , ruby and garnet rooftops on amber and moonstone houses , obsidian roads .
approaching the palace from its shore - facing side took her through street - wide paths paved in earth - colored cobblestones and lined by soaring palm trees and flower beds .
the bay that sent a tendril of land to almost touch the island teeming with palm trees just half a mile away .
between the dunes and the shore lay an estate spread with palm and olive trees .
teeming palm trees surrounded the periphery .
beyond that , the grounds were landscaped in mini - dunes and lawns with breathtaking beds of desert plants in the shadow of more palm trees of all shapes .
i just drove up here from palm beach and i promised someone i 'd call friday afternoon .
he placed the little dog inside a wide potted palm tree .
in his opinion , a few marble statues , fake palm trees , and grecian columns would have been an improvement .
if it had n't been for luis blowing the whistle on leck , darius would have been throwing his own fourth of july party that weekend in palm springs instead of attending one in fucking nowhereville pennsylvania as the hired help .
` ` remember that night at the palms ? ''
he pulled me behind a palm tree i had n't even noticed .
i leaned against the palm tree for support .
the city streaked by in swashes of grey , blots of billboard colors , and flecks of palm - tree green .
vegas in december was n't exactly palm beach .
without warning , all the wine decided to make a reappearance and tuesday turned and threw up into the pot of a fake palm tree in the lobby .
she 'd expected a staid , palm beach type of socialite .
` ` roxanne ca n't get away , so we 'll hit palm springs next weekend instead . ''
large potted palms stand on all the corners and tall columns make me feel like i ' m in a greek temple .
` ` let 's do the palm trees , '' i suggest , holding it up .
probably going to go for a good palm session soon as he can get the canvas all to himself .
` ` you mother made a reservation at the palm court for tea .
i did that now , pausing at the top of the stairs to turn and face the magnificence of the palm court .
then again , the guy did have a house in winnetka and a condo in palm beach , so maybe he knew his stuff .
not the palm court , but classy in its own way .
i sipped champagne and thought about my job and those two axioms as i leaned against one of the white draped pillars in the drake hotel 's cloyingly elegant palm court restaurant .
i 'd been to the palm court once before when my dad had me for a weekend and we decided to have an adventure .
he asked , nodding toward the stunning arrangement of flowers that dominated the center of the palm court .
once out of the palm court , he led me through the lobby .
i 'd never been on the guest level of such a fancy hotel , and i was just as impressed by this simple space as i had been by the palm court downstairs .
once for tea at the palm court with my dad for my sixteenth birthday .
that he was getting too old and that there was no point in taking the risk when he should have more than enough cash stockpiled from his various successes over the years to allow him to live comfortably in palm beach or someplace equally retirement friendly .
i ' ve got a meeting in palm springs .
since damien was in palm springs , he called both jamie and ryan in order to ensure there was someone with me to run interference .
` ` we were in palm springs examining the items in storage , and evan 's going to come to malibu tomorrow to take a look at the main property . ''
it 's surrounded by birds of paradise and palm trees and suggests california in the twenties .
by the time we pass the windmill farms that mark the desert near palm springs , we ' ve played classic rock , classic country , and a varied selection from current artists .
we pass through a security gate , and i realize that what i thought was one building is a collection of several smaller ones , all surrounded by palm trees reaching up to brush the sky .
i have a day full of meetings in palm springs starting at eight . ''
` ` it is not an argument i can have from palm springs . ''
` ` damien 's in palm springs , too .
` ` frankly , i would have much rather gone to palm springs than burbank , and i ' m sure she knows it , but i think she and brucey boy are having another tiff . ''
you 're not still in palm springs , are you ? ''
turns out he did help giselle get the paintings back from palm springs .
the painting , the trip back from palm springs , what tanner said , and then finding out that you two actually used to date . ''
` ` i have no idea what tanner said or what palm springs has to do with anything , but i can assure you that as far as the painting is concerned , giselle has promised me again that she wo n't tell anyone that you 're the model .
` ` and palm springs ? ''
my assistant told me that giselle had called , hoping that i could suggest a transport company in palm springs that could arrange the delivery of some paintings for the show .
` ` the condo in palm springs is on the golf course , '' he says , ` ` and since i ' m not much of a golfer i let my staff reserve time as a perk .
palm and thick - leafed tropical trees lined the shoreline , but the ramshackle port we pulled into would not have been on any tourist map .
i dropped my hand and looked over at lucas standing against a palm tree nearby , but the gunrunner 's eyes were off into the darkness where jeremiah had disappeared .
i remembered hearing about the palms , but my breath caught as i saw a series of smaller islands only a few miles down the shoreline .
while smaller than the palm islands , the flower seemed almost delicate , and as we drew closer i saw each individual island was actually very large .
maybe this break from the hustle and bustle of work , maybe the bliss of the island breeze , maybe the palm trees gently swaying would cure her of this heartbreak .
he made it to the doorway and found her outside , leaning against a palm tree , chatting on the phone .
they made their way through the resort to the beach , weaving through palm trees and banyan trees , lush and emerald green .
and palm trees .
or their neighbors on the other side of the palm plant .
risking a glance up , he nearly fell out of the chair with relief when he realized he was hidden from the basher 's sight by a palm frond .
leaning over slightly , he peeked past the palm frond , and the shock of recognition hit him again , like a glass of water in the face .
palm trees dotted the lawn , and the house was illuminated by lights shining up from the ground .
she lets max explore while i show her around and in the span of fifteen minutes , he 's riffled through my kitchen cabinets , and removed various dangerous looking kitchen apparatuses , crawled into the bathroom and stuck his hands in the toilet water , and now he 's digging through the soil of a potted palm in my dining room .
i glance around his condo and notice the little plastic covers have been inserted into all the wall outlets and the potted palm in the dining room that max liked to dig in is no longer resting in its spot in the corner .
` ` meet me out back by the row of palm trees in one hour , '' he adds , looking into my eyes with such intensity i feel it deep in my gut .
you have palm fronds hidden somewhere too ? ''
and why did just the feel of his mouth so close to her skin make her weak - kneed and brain addled , wondering if she should invest in palm fronds , grapes and silken scarves ?
` ` i ' m puttin ' in my request for you to wear one of them sexy harem - girl outfits as you 're hand feedin ' me grapes and coolin ' me down with palm fronds . ''
she did n't see cacti but groupings of different varieties and sizes of palm trees .
since i bought my palm pilot last spring , i have n't even used it .
` ` while you two play , i ' m going to make a dash out to my car to get my palm pilot . ''
nick turned off his palm pilot and clipped it to his belt .
they must have greased a major palm .
he gained batuk 's attention before pointing across the opening to where a palm frond shot fifteen feet above the ground and trembled in sync with each ragged breath from whatever hid there .
glancing up , she could n't even make out cloud cover through the thick canopy of hardwood trees and tropical palms .
two bright eyes , probably yellow , peered at her from between wide palm fronds and froze the blood in her veins .
twenty - one once the boat dropped them on cumberland island , storm kept his senses wide open as he led evalle along a winding footpath through a forest of pines , sprawling oaks and palm trees .
scrambling out , he strode toward the sea , setting her down on a mat of flowers beneath swaying palms .
soft rays of sunlight filtered through the palm fronds , glinting off her necklace .
when a ray of light wavered through the palm trees , he lifted her raven locks to the sun , just to watch them shine ... ... ` ` sometimes i feel so comfortable with you that i forget our pasts , '' she said in a languorous voice .
the many large plants and potted palms and fronds were all dry and sagging .
the palm trees lining the strip were probably familiar to her , but the pirate ship in front of treasure island was n't something you saw every day .
numerous medium - size palms lined a quartz - embedded privacy wall , creating the perfect shaded area .
they stopped under a cluster of palm trees .
it flew through the air , rolling and rolling until it smacked into a palm tree , taking it out .
i made it around a downed palm tree and was so close .
lore started messing with a giant potted palm tree - looking thing .
the palm tree ended up as a drive - by casualty .
by sneaking , i meant that i scooped up the extra key stacey always left under the huge potted palm tree on the back patio and we let ourselves in .
a palm tree was in the corner , and bamboo plants adorned the end tables and front desk .
the entire scene looked man - made , so perfect in design and so out of place , deep within this cave , that i half expected palm trees and ferns .
it has a beautiful waterfront patio with teakwood tables and royal - blue umbrellas , crammed with palm trees and plants of all sizes , enough to make it feel like a jungle that you can hide in , which is exactly what i ' m doing tonight , with my newspaper crossword puzzle and a law textbook .
i feel my cheeks burn as i avert my gaze to a miniature palm tree next to our table .
the white christmas lights coiled around a fake palm tree ahead are impossible to miss .
if you had asked me a few months ago , i would have said i was apathetic about palm trees .
sunlight streamed in through a massive skylight , while colorful murals decorated the space with parrots and palm fronds .
a palm tree ! ''
` ` yay , palm trees !
we 're seated at a small corner table on a patio with palm trees hovering behind and a band playing soft alt - country music in the opposite corner .
and the pace slowed as beauty found herself in an immense courtyard , full of potted palm trees and flower beds bordered in variegated marble .
amid delicate tropical flowering plants and lazing palms , beauty saw steam rising from the shallow pools in the marble floor and smelled the fragrance of herbs and spiced perfumes .
a crisp breeze was blowing , fanning the damp banana trees and palms .
we were off the interstate , and there were palm trees , but it did n't look like l.a .
it looked like an egyptian bordello , maybe , with palms and pillars , and gauzy drapes falling from the ceiling to enclose the heavy - looking circular bed holding court in the center of the room on a raised dais .
a true paradise , with palm trees , lush foliage and a white - sand beach .
sometimes she barricaded herself inside the house a quarter mile up , surrounded by towering palms , where she vegged out and watched movies .
but he , too , flashed , appearing in front of a palm tree several feet away from her .
palm trees stretched toward the sky .
the house inside is silent , and all around me the ocean wind whips past the tall , willowy palms .
i look out at the passing scenery : the blur of the freeway , the houses rushing by , the palm trees .
but this view is new , and instead of the shadow of palm trees on the plaster above me , there 's the shimmering night - reflection of a pool in the courtyard just outside .
there was a nice strip of beach , and a short walk from the water , palm trees and bushes grew in thick abandon .
when i was done eating , i got up , rinsed my sticky hands in the ocean water , grabbed some palm leaves that were lying on the ground , found the box top , curled up , and tried to sleep .
along with some woven palm fronds , it ... well , it sucked .
big wooden palm fronds were painted bright green , and the ' trunk ' of the tree was easily twice as big around as a normal coconut tree .
the inside was decorated with drawings of palm trees and read : congratulations on opening pandora 's box .
` ` whatever , '' he said , brushing sand off of one of my woven palm frond mats again .
we worked together well , and by the time sunset rolled around , we had a platform a foot off of the sand and covered with a thick , slanting lean - to of palm fronds .
for the floor of the shelter , we 'd used the box lids and covered them with even more palm fronds , and the result was the most comfortable bed i 'd had in two weeks .
` ` if the palm tree is a rocking , do n't come a knockin ' .
the area surrounding his estate was a tropical oasis of palm trees , lush green plants , and bright tropical flowers - oranges , yellows , and reds - that contrasted with the monochromatic starkness of the surrounding desert .
maax silently made his way out the door and started down the palm tree - lined , dusty , narrow road that ran for miles along the beach .
a lush , tropical garden obscured most of the spanish - style bungalow , and impressively tall palm trees shaded the roof .
she slowed right before getting to her sitting area under the large palm tree ; she did n't want to run into any chairs or potted plants .
must be huge ! -next to the palm tree .
luis looked at her as if she were mad and then assured her he found no man , woman , child , donkey , or otherwise tied to her palm tree .
thank goodness she 'd left her giant shovel propped against the palm tree .
he positioned her directly under a palm tree that stood a few yards from her back porch .
giant plastic palm trees with flashing lights , gaudy jungle murals , and bright red umbrellas with a cartoon drawing of a topless male monkey bearing a six - pack and drinking a cappuccino assaulted her eyes .
it was over - the - top gorgeous with large palm trees , fountains , arched doorways , etc .
i nodded , giving him a watery smile before returning my attention to the palm trees and buildings whizzing by my window .
so i had stupidly made the trek to palm beach to see if my parents were ready to bury the hatchet .
my eyes followed the vertical columns of maples to a deliciously colourful display of twisting climbers , shrouded with palm - sized purple and white flowers .
grandma 's development in florida is paved in sand - colored tile , with bright fake turquoise pools sunk into the ground and lone palm trees potted at the edge of every pathway .
` ` sure , next thing you 'll have me fanning you with a palm frond and feeding you grapes . ''
` ` palms are kind of hard to come by in massachusetts . ''
this was her world now : empty streets lined with palm trees , the quiet hum of money , a neat grid of city lights blanketing the valley below .
` ` i think white sands and palm trees could definitely qualify as fun . ''
we get out and start heading toward the grass shack i constructed out of old palm fronds .
the palm fronds have frayed , and the thatched roof is balding in patches .
the limo pulls in front of the paragon palms luxury resort , and we file out , dazzled by its opulent appeal .
it 's so gorgeous here with its glittering framed doors , its bushy palm trees in the marbled entry .
we walk , hand in hand , further from the hotel until the paragon palms luxury resort glitters like a christmas tree off in the distance .
gage leads us over to a pigmy palm with its expansive fans as wide as umbrellas .
* * * devil 's peak is barren of cars and teens , most likely because they 're all still holed up at the paragon palms luxury resort , chugging their senior year down to the dregs .
its overgrown vegetation lends a tropical feel to the landscape , laden with three - story palms and birds of paradise that stretch well past my head .
i ask as we maneuver our way through a thicket of palms just this side of the base camp for logan 's party .
we follow chloe over to a low growing palm .
i head to a table with a row of miniature palm trees set upon it with overgrown strawberries speared into their trunks by way of colorful toothpicks .
it would n't surprise me at all if both mia and melissa fashioned a noose out of sausage casings and have already hung themselves on the nearest palm tree .
there it is , our love shack , the one he built with his own hands from palm fronds , secured with twine and his false affection , so it would n't blow away like we did .
it stands all of less than five feet with the soft weathered tendrils from the palms waving friendly in the breeze .
the sunlight behind him reflects off the water , a glare so blinding it turns the palm trees and the hills that dip their toes in the ocean into gold - dusted shadows .
gage walks us to a thicket of palm trees to afford us the privacy we 'll need to teleport .
on the outset everything looks normal but the closer we get i note a hut erected out of branches and palm fronds .
* * * the siren on top of this rescue transport saws and wails all the way over to the paragon palms luxury resort that backs into the white sandy beaches on the south end of the island .
` ` correction , love , the car appeared empty , '' he takes me by the hand and leads us over to a row of pigmy palms .
* * * i wander outside and find logan leaning against the corrugated trunk of a palm , gazing out into a pale sapphire curtain of fog with a dismal expression .
i shout as i catch him in a thicket of miniature palms still sweating out a conversation with chloe .
it 's almost sunset and i ca n't wait to get some photos of the palm tree silhouettes in the sunset light .
i continue to move the ink over her skin , adding an ocean and palm trees , sand , starfish .
the walls had been repainted in clean linen and large potted palms were placed attractively around the room .
before i could push this ( because i felt the need to be ornery as we were at a rock gig and something about mace invited being ornery just to see if i could get a rise out of him and mace was staring at a friend of mine like he wanted to carry her to a deserted island , build a hut out of palm fronds and never leave ) when his body got tense , his eyes focused on something and he stepped close to me .
` ` it might just be a beach and a palm tree but what else do you need on an island ? ''
i waved goodbye to the straight - a student who just wanted to see a palm tree , and when i opened my eyes i shook hands with the devil and whispered , ` ` when do i start ? ''
` ` i want a palm tree . ''
i want a palm tree in my yard . ''
palm tree and all . ''
27 rows of palm trees sprung up from the sides of the narrow street , and the ocean peeked out from the spaces in between homes .
the palm trees on the median swayed and bent , threatening to snap .
an old woman sat propped up against the trunk of a date palm , her wrinkles deep , folding in on themselves .
we passed a golf course peppered with palm trees on one side , and beautiful homes lined the opposite shore .
palm trees on either side of us bent and swayed , heavy with coconuts .
a palm tree with the top cut off stood at attention to our right , just a tall stump that punctured the air .
` ` no name pub , '' grizzly - leonard said , pointing at a little bright yellow building ahead of us , shaded by palm trees and with an old - timey sign out front .
palm trees framed the driveway , which was blocked by an iron gate .
the afternoon light filtered through the palm trees and oaks that dotted the cul - de - sac we lived on , and i did a quick car check when we drove by the house .
i moved behind the shade of the palm tree outside my door and watched as she let her head fall back and closed her eyes .
a giggle stopped me , and i turned to walk around the building and into a small thicket of palm trees .
` ` you look like a man running from something , '' woods said with an amused smirk as he stepped out from a cluster of palm trees with a cup of coffee in his hands .
the cluster of palm trees was the closest thing to privacy i could find , so i headed down the small hill toward them .
` ` keep going , '' he said as he kept his eyes on the palm trees .
` ` s'not funny , '' i said , laying my head back against the trunk of the palm tree .
flashes of our night against the palm tree came back to me , and my face heated .
she paused to take in the photos of the large stucco mansion surrounded by palm trees that was luc 's true home and an unmistakable picture of luc and salvatore meeting in a park several miles west of chicago .
he did n't give his companion time to respond as he pressed her behind one of the large potted palms and took his own position next to the door .
sand , palm trees , and drinks with little umbrellas in them .
a slew of curses escaped my lips as i approached the small lake surrounded by three palm trees that appeared to form a triangle around the lake .
he walked toward one of the palm trees and knelt on the ground , brushing sand away from an area beneath the tree to reveal what looked like a metal plate .
he walked to another one of the two palm trees and did the same thing .
for the third palm tree , he repeated the process with a brass hexagon studded with rubies .
she 'd been walking beside him as they headed down from the path to palm drive and into downtown palo alto , but now she stopped cold .
someone had taken a picture of sean standing with serena on palm avenue , just after they 'd left the pizza joint .
she marched through the casino lobby , obviously on a mission , and headed toward a small door tucked behind a potted palm tree .
stopping behind a potted palm tree , she pulled up her watch tablet and quickly checked her messages .
keva sprinted toward the area he 'd specified and scanned for the door near the palm tree .
epilogue a warm breeze rustled through the palm fronds above them , and renna snuggled her head against finn 's bare chest .
` ` do you ever think about palm bonita ? ''
` ` i had some in palm bonita , it did n't taste good at all . ''
she looked at me with wide eyes and showed me the two bears : one was the one i had given her in palm bonita at a fair and the other one was given to her by zane when she had first come to live with us .
` ` palm bonita ?
my mind drifted back to palm bonita and skylar .
the people who move to palm bonita are the dregs of the country . ''
` ` you fell in love in palm bonita , right ? ''
` ` so how was it in palm beach ? ''
` ` you know , i wish i had been in palm beach . ''
i was in a city called palm bonita , and trust me , palm bonita was not a city that would have been featured on lifestyles of the rich and famous . ''
` ` i met someone in palm bonita . ''
part of me thought i should just catch a plane to orlando and then drive to palm bonita and do whatever i could to get to skylar .
` ` i met someone in palm bonita .
she 's a girl that i met in palm bonita .
` ` what happened in palm bonita , noah ? ''
` ` you need to finish your business off in palm bonita before you start dating anyone new . ''
` ` i ca n't leave palm bonita , '' i sighed , irritated that we were having this conversation again .
it was the same t - shirt i had worn all the time in palm bonita .
she looked down at the graphic of a lone palm tree and the caption ' no man is alone in palm bonita . '
she looked down at the graphic of a lone palm tree and the caption ' no man is alone in palm bonita . '
anyone who wanted to get away from mainstream society and did n't want to be found moved to palm bonita . ''
` ` i had sex in palm bonita . ''
` ` the one you dated in palm bonita ? ''
i had to go to palm bonita and i had to take skylar and we had to disappear .
we both were in palm bonita because we had to be , not because we wanted to be , and we both missed the outside world .
` ` when i first saw you in palm bonita , i could tell you were a kind person .
they set me down underneath a grove of palm trees , and i leaned against one and closed my eyes .
but he 'd always secretly liked the homey comfort of her rambler in palm springs .
located in beverly hills , not far from his , it was a fifteen - thousand - square - foot mediterranean with plenty of palm trees and three different pools .
it was n't the fact that they were bikinis that made them identifiable ; it was the picture of an island with a monkey climbing a palm tree on the back .
` ` it 's been so long and yet -- '' she stared up at the palm trees that lined the road ` ` -- the memories are as vivid as though i never left . ''
palm trees and leafy trees .
cypress trees and olive trees and palm trees and mystery trees with plump red berries .
but instead of the stereotypical single palm , he 's drawn a prickly joshua tree in its centre .
` ` i thought we could create a makeshift rooftop for shelter with some palm and coconut branches that are lying on the ground . ''
i stared at his bulging biceps as he gathered coconut palms and tried not to lust after him too obviously .
i stared at the fruits lying on the large green palm leaf .
there are two palm trees planted on both corners of the house and beautiful landscaping all along the front of the house .
tam knew the route with his eyes closed , but smudges in the dust and smeared palm prints made it fairly obvious , even to the other two .
the only way it could ' ve been worse is if it had palm trees and glitter . ''
we 'll plant a palm tree on the roof .
stick a nautical cap on this guy and he 'd look like he stepped off a yacht in palm beach .
you challenge my suitability to marry - yes , marry , '' i repeat at his look of surprise , ` ` a woman you have ignored for the whole of her adult life , leaving her and her mother to struggle for every penny , to be worn down by worry , to be crushed under a mountain of debt while you act as the pretty appendage for some rich old socialite in palm beach or perhaps even san tropez .
` ` i ' ve been down in palm beach , '' he declares .
mitch hedder 's last palm beach sugar momma had been found dead under suspicious circumstances , and several pieces of her extensive jewelry collection were missing .
luther guided flower shirt through the small courtyard , steering him around the sickly - looking potted palms that wayne had set out in a misbegotten effort to add a little authentic island atmosphere .
he checked the incoming number and then stopped in the shadows of a large palm to take the call .
palm trees .
the moon gleamed on the long fronds of some of the taller palms .
twenty - seven luther opened his eyes to sunlight streaming through palm fronds , the incredibly satisfying sensation of grace curled around him , and the annoying trill of his phone .
only a few hardy barrel cacti and one wilted palm had survived .
jake turned off the engine and regarded the limp palm tree that graced the cracked concrete sidewalk .
palms , ferns and exotic blooming plants framed a large spa tub disguised as a rocky grotto .
a large potted palm rose from a colorful pot near the window , offering a bright , if utterly incongruous , tropical element to the decor .
when rafe walked into the glass - walled room , the schnauzer glanced up from an exploration of a potted palm .
they also had a third in palm springs .
he brooded on the strip of palm trees that lined the avenue below the condo window .
chapter 4 at midnight that night , gryph stood silently beneath the fronds of a huge , sprawling hydra palm and watched the white - robed figure glide soundlessly through the conservatory .
gryph stood very still in the deep shadows of the palm and went over his options .
26 the aging trailer sat on the last concrete slab in the last row of the desert palms trailer court .
the worn - out path that had led to the tiny hotel had flowers and overgrown grass surrounding it , and the palm tree he vaguely remember being next to the sign was a bit bigger - but it was still there .
a few feet away were some palm trees .
picturesque palms spread their fanned leaves and wide roads , lit with blue and yellow lanterns , ran deeper inland , toward pastel - colored houses in shades of turquoise , white , yellow , and pink .
* * * the house sat recessed from the street , a stately , respectable , two - story mansion , flanked by carved columns and palm trees .
the world gained a crystal clarity , and george saw everything in minute detail : the individual leaves of the palm behind his father , the bead of sweat on john 's temple , the tiny red veins in his father 's eyes ...
eggshell and white planters hung from the lattice , containing emerald green plants , mimosa , and edge vines dripping down to meet palms , carefully trimmed shrubs , and flowers growing in large planters on the floor .
the house sat in the middle of the shallow valley , surrounded by palms and greenery .
` ` very well , we will pretend that great - aunt hortense lounges behind the potted palms . ''
still more bizarrely , cameron was becoming more and more entangled with the young lady in red who crashed through the palm fronds next to him , breathless and pink- faced .
a yellow shore greeted me , touched with patches of bright green grass , and beyond it palms stretched upward .
gloom wove its way through the palms .
not an easy journey , because the room was crammed with potted palms , potted ferns , side tables , sofa tables , rugs on rugs , and bric - a - brac of every size , shape , and color .
the pasta is made with tofu and palm oil instead of eggs .
he leaned against a huge palm tree , his bike parked behind him .
finn leaned against a palm tree and looked far too casual , but he reminded me of one of those lions on the discovery channel .
` ` sean is holding court by the palm tree in the living room .
when parents unexpectedly came home , interrupting a party , somebody would grab the cooler as we escaped through the palm trees to another daredevil 's house to start over .
i asked will , swinging his hand as we strolled down the sidewalk toward my neighborhood , old houses lining the street , palm trees and live oaks overhead .
there were lots of palm trees , too , and a parking lot bleached white by the sun .
the high bleachers on the home and away sides provided a lot of shade in the morning and evening , and the ends of the stadium were surrounded by palm trees and live oaks that shaded the grass even more .
but there was still only one sun , mostly blocked by a tall palm , and i did n't detect extra moons or a visible ring around the planet .
i sat with chelsea on a big rock under palms , taking pics of the great view : the gulf , the boats sailing in and out of the town 's small harbor , and all the boys we claimed not to like that way .
today i heard the cars swishing by on the street outside the stadium , the cries of seagulls gliding overhead , a breeze through the palms that definitely did n't make it down to the bottom of the bowl we were standing in , the tiniest tap as will finally set his sticks down on his drumhead , and his long sigh .
the lenses reflected the palm trees behind me .
i dropped my purse and backpack beside my bike in the rack , then walked through the entrance of the school , into a courtyard full of palm trees where people hung out during midmorning break and lunch .
` ` chain them to the palm trees , '' he said .
he glanced uncomfortably around the courtyard , into the tops of the palm trees , up at the sky , the same deep color as his eyes .
i turned the page , and there was the house beside us , palm fronds softening the stark logic of the mansion 's careful proportions .
the front right bedroom on the second floor , the one with the window nearly obscured now by out - of - control palms , had been mine .
the question hung so starkly in the air that i almost imagined i could see it centered over the armrest between us , blinking as streetlights and the shadows of palm trees alternated overhead .
i figured the apartment had gotten worse each time , but i was n't prepared for this : brick buildings that did n't look so old but had n't been taken care of at all , tagged with black graffiti - not even colorful , pretty graffiti - underneath a tangle of palm trees and dehydrated - looking water oaks , surrounded by long grass and trash , all practically underneath the interstate .
i stood there for a moment in the quiet night , listening to the breeze rattle the palm fronds .
i was able to pick out my own trailer because of the position of the long metal roof in relation to the dark palm tree next to my bedroom window , which was taller than the trees around it .
the sky between the palms turned a funny color .
i crossed the bare dirt and settled in a plastic chair near my bedroom window , under the tallest palm .
if grayson turned , he might see my movement through the palm fronds and catch me more quickly .
for thirty seconds i expected grayson to walk past the palm fronds that framed the road , into my yard .
the palm tree above us swayed violently in the breeze , and my feet ached , two things that should not have gone together .
he snagged it before i did and poured the rest on the dead palm fronds behind my chair .
the palms were the same species , but spaced out , aligned , planted on purpose .
alec parked the car at a beautiful condo , white stucco and mexican tile surrounded by bright green grass and palm trees .
the wind tossed the tops of the palm trees .
among the cars parked anyhow on the driveway and in the yard underneath the palm trees , a cluster of pickup trucks and the faint scents of tobacco and pot told me where the trash was .
then , at the cafe , you told us why you want to fly , and that was so ... '' he looked out the windshield at the palm trees swaying violently in the wind .
the wind shook a palm frond in front of the streetlight streaming through the window .
now that grayson was involved , the thought of the freight train tearing up the palm trees on its way straight for us made me sob .
then the pit bull jumped up and barked ferociously again , and grayson appeared through the palm trees .
i was close enough to the tree about to kill me that i could tell from the bark it was the same species of palm as the one outside my bedroom .
looking around , i thought it seemed brighter than normal , with more sunlight filtering through the palm fronds and streaming into the tiny windows .
they sat at a terrace table for two , with tourists strolling the strip below them , palm trees and strings of lights above them , and a gentle breeze fingering daniel 's hair .
that s the drink with the foamy head that a talented barista makes a design in , like a flower or a delicate palm frond .
i should have attempted the palm frond .
a few potted palms framed the doorway where we stood .
elijah watched the bus roar up the street , careen around the corner , and disappear behind the palm trees .
keeping one hand on the wheel , he used the other to point the gun away from both of them and off the road , toward the tops of the palm trees peeking from behind the concrete barrier - but her hands were shaking , as was her mind , and his , so he turned his attention back to the traffic before he got completely disoriented .
as she walked , she passed a convenience store with summer for sale on the sidewalk out front : lawn chairs , wind chimes , big inflatable palm trees .
with her purse over her shoulder , the chair under one arm , and the boxes with the wind chimes and palm tree under the other , she walked in her high heels to the service road that led between her casino and the one next door .
now she really did n't have enough hands to carry all this , so she held the lemonade in one hand and the box of wind chimes under the other arm , and let the chair and the box with the palm tree float in the air behind her like balloons on strings .
with her mind she pulled the plastic palm tree out of its box .
she tested blowing air into the palm tree with her mind and found that it worked well : the leaf nearest the valve swelled a little .
she snatched up her purse as she passed her lawn chair , marveling that no one had stolen it - but maybe even pickpockets understood it was n't wise to steal from a girl who could inflate plastic palm trees with her mind and break her dad 's hand .
palm trees lined lush gardens , and a few joggers dotted the sidewalks .
mature palms and palmettos softened the lines of the weathered wooden building , but a huge air- conditioning unit filled the late summer night with its drone , and the scent of the community garbage dumpster wafted from behind a high fence .
she and my dad , wearing matching robes , lay in cushioned teak lounge chairs in the shade of a potted palm .
my mom and officer fox sat on a low wall around a palm tree in front of the school , illuminated by the parking lot floodlights .
another hurricane churned in the gulf , and though it would n't hit us and we were n't expecting rain until tomorrow , wind tossed the black silhouettes of palms against the night sky .
` ` how far until palm resort ? ''
my backside was currently pressed against a palm tree .
` ` and too many goldfish and hamsters and birds buried under the palm tree in the backyard . ''
a few palm trees grew alongside the house ; rose bushes lined the walkway to the front door .
luckily , his deck was separated from the nearest neighbor by a thick grouping of palm trees .
the beautiful mountains were a change of pace from the palm trees of charleston .
do n't get me wrong , i loved palm trees , but they did n't really scream christmas spirit .
i walked under palm trees , heard the rich rhythm of music , brushed against the peeling shutters of houses set right up to the sidewalk .
i think the tree was supposed to be some kind of short palm tree , to maintain the egyptian theme .
i found a good place to sort of skulk behind some of those fake palm trees , close by the service door , and i could get a reading on what they were thinking inside .
turns out that whispering palms , the place that lost her , had alerted all the supes in the area to be on the lookout .
but the gaudy pink palm tree is still in the window of penny 's beauty salon where delores and i got our nails done before prom .
even though the sign glows a modern neon , i half expect to see girls in togas , carrying big palm leaves and frigging grapes , wandering around the outside .
just a piece of a palm tree .
reports also note that hamilton was staggering out of the club after an evening of partying and losing a bundle earlier that night at the palms casino resort .
from this high up , the palm trees swayed in the breeze , the glitter from a hundred bentleys making the street below sparkle .
seventeen ent on a break from shooting soldier boy , jack hamilton and company spilled into the lobby of the palms casino resort in las vegas late friday night after reportedly losing more than $ 50,000 at the poker tables .
i circled the room looking for nick and found myself semi - hidden behind a potted palm .
holly and i gave each other the same thing : two days at a spa in palm springs , and nick received an ipod from holly and from me .
stepping deliberately behind a potted palm , i listened in .
collecting my overnight bag , i headed for the master bedroom ( shades of green and pink with palm tree wallpaper , very beverly hills hotel ) and took a quick shower in the bathroom ( shades of aqua and mint with golden mirrors , very liberace in the desert ) , and fell into the low platform bed ( shades of i ' m exhausted , so i have no idea what color it actually is ) .
anyway , they have their schedules - monte carlo this time of year , palm beach that time of year , et cetera , et cetera .
i started to protest , thinking he meant to tease me about society soirees or luxury brands or winters in palm beach , none of which i was interested in .
what was left of the plane rested among palm trees and plants with leaves as big as my head .
nash pushed through very large plants with huge leaves and a few palm - looking trees and stopped .
when i stopped at his side , he pointed to a few palm trees reaching up into the sunlight .
` ` so are you any good at climbing palm trees ? ''
then he shimmied up the trunk of the palm tree .
duke ducked inside a little area of palm fronds that had grown together closely , making a sort of shelter .
palm trees and tall plants full of colorful , blossoming flowers filled the air with a heady scent .
i ran off to grab some of the partially burned wood left in the bonfire and some large palm fronds and driftwood lying around .
nash hauled me out of the water and we took off , into the coverage of trees , and ducked behind giant palm fronds dripping with rainwater .
the minute his foot hit the ground , a net came up off the ground , palms and leaves raining off of it .
` ` this is a lovely home , '' i said , looking out my window at the small palm trees that grew in the front .
i grew up in a small three - bedroom home where the only tree in our yard was a palm tree and the grass was brown most of the year because it was always so incredibly hot .
` ` the palm trees , the beaches ... '' act like you do n't care .
the palm trees are taller than a lot of the buildings here and the beach- '' ` ` i ' ve never been to the beach . ''
chapter one angelica stood in front of briggs 's ocean club in newport beach , staring up at two well - lit palm trees that flanked the entrance .
he 'd created great beauty in the external landscape of his property with the lake and waterfall , the stonework and the palm trees all lit up , a terrible dichotomy .
ordinarily she would have discouraged this possessive display of affection , but she stood in the shadows of a massive grouping of palms .
* * * marcus watched the pretty - boy 's dagger fly from his hand , through empty airspace , to embed in one of the palm trees not far from where marcus stood .
there were too many powerful entities present who would eventually see his mist for what it was : a projected image of a palm tree .
endelle jerked her head toward the side wall in the direction of the palm trees .
all he saw were a few ill - tended palms in enormous bronze pots and a row of sickly - looking pink plants fronting the glass office wall - nothing that could account for the fresh and rather sweet floral scent that assailed him .
like money grew on goddamn palm trees .
but as the sun started to sink and the palm trees danced in the breeze , he wanted to walk and do nothing , be nothing , pretend that he was normal , a whole human being , who could have a beautiful woman at his side .
his room was at the end of the hall , remote , the sounds of the resort buffered by palm trees and flowering plants .
` ` grew up in palm springs with megan , lived the good , easy life , then spread my wings and came to college . ''
~ megan pulls up outside a row of old stables on the edge of palm springs .
` ` you said you wanted to see palm springs .
his life is stuck in san francisco , and while my life is in berkeley , my heart is in palm springs .
the only thing that interrupts it is a few palm trees , their leaves swaying in the gentle sea breeze .
so he 'd taken her to aswan with tropical palm trees and the tombs of nobles cut in the high west bank of the nile .
date trees and palms rustled along the bank , reminding her of another time here with jose .
palm trees lined the road , ocean just beyond .
his house came into view , a one - story green stucco with a couple of squat sago palms and a small yard he paid the neighbor kid to mow , since he was on the road most of the time .
nearly mile - high palm trees swayed and rustled , roots holding firm against ocean winds that were mere puffs compared to hurricanes of the past .
palm trees whipped past one after the other in perfectly spaced rhythm , leading toward a distant bridge like going from one rescue to another , week after week , month after month , until years passed .
* * * liam pulled over onto the shoulder of the road , behind a row of palm trees , and killed the headlights .
disco sniffed the dried moss around a potted silk palm tree .
a squat palm tree shook like a pom - pom in the wind .
hours later - or more likely about ten minutes later - liam pulled into a cluster of palm trees by a vacant outdoor mall .
the headlights swept across a clearing in the palm trees , revealing a tiny , secluded beach bungalow .
she clambered out to join him around front , disco leaping out and running to the nearest squat sago palm tree to mark it .
palm trees rustled overhead and seabirds called in the distance , but there were no other noises , no one approaching from the outside world .
he flicked on a second light under a cheesy dime - store painting of a palm tree on a beach .
only the sea air and an occasional palm tree differentiated it from other landing strips .
* * * the guardian gripped the walkie - talkie in one hand while steering the jeep around a fallen palm tree .
bright letters spelled out bahamas , with a toucan and palm tree .
hugh marched past a mural obviously painted by the school 's students , a playground scene of rainbows and palm trees .
he flattened a hand to a half - uprooted palm tree and shook his head as fang jogged inside again , his flapping towel flashing half a butt cheek .
footsteps echoed from the far end of the lot , past the cars and a spindly fallen palm tree .
time seemed to freeze for those three seconds before- the van rammed a palm tree , flinging hugh forward .
the leaning palm tree 's roots snaked up from the ground like tentacles from the underworld to claim the two criminals inside the van .
the utility vehicle was nothing more than a blackened hull against the palm tree , also charred .
the palm tree and bird spelling out bahamas .
he could just make out the word bahamas printed across the front in twisted cartoon palm trees .
caleb ` ` tater '' tate stood under a palm tree with his lawyers , military and civilian .
david led her to a bench shadowed by a palm tree .
david stood , his height towering like the palm trees clustered in groups of three on either side of the lawn .
the pop star charged past a row of palm trees to a parking lot behind their quarters .
her eyes firmly on his broad shoulders , her daughter 's wide - eyed face peering back at her , sara trailed him through the dense pines and palms .
taking cover in the dusky shadows of sunset , he crouched low , sprinting around sprays of palms toward the outer wall of the compound .
chapter 4 sara broke off another waxy palm leaf that lucas swore he could somehow weave into a shelter for the night .
silently , lucas draped the mosquito netting from her backpack over the branches before gathering a stack of the palm leaves .
rustling sounded behind her as lucas erased signs they 'd slept under the cover of palm branches .
regaining his footing , he knocked aside palms with extra force .
she paused to sweep aside a jutting cluster of palms , taking extra care to dance around the scurrying insects before looking at him again .
lucas tossed the palm leaves back into the jungle , spreading them out to look like a natural falling and disguise their camp .
and sticks jabbed into the ground beside a knotted palm in a precise pattern .
the tail art glinted , afternoon sun showcasing a blue palm tree and half - moon resembling the south carolina state flag .
a plate of food in hand , paige plopped into a chair under a palm tree with nikki .
he backed her into the shade of a nearby palm tree , his warm breath along her neck launching tingles all the way to her toes .
in keeping with his regular osi position , he 'd exchanged the flight suit for khakis , a sports coat , and a palm tree - patterned tie that never stayed tight enough .
m-16 on his shoulder weighing with welcome familiarity , drew cleared the last step onto the heated tarmac , the gritty breeze barely broken by the smattering of palm trees .
she waited across the tarmac under a palm tree beside the empty hangar where he 'd received his inoculations .
crusty swept a palm branch out of the way for her to pass .
she sagged back against a palm tree trunk .
palms rustled in the breeze , the ocean visible just beyond the trees .
max asked the three military intel contacts standing beneath a palm tree .
but lurch over there ... '' he jerked a thumb toward the towering special operations para - rescueman leaning against a palm tree and eagle - eyeing every nook of the jungle .
darcy cleared the palm trees into a thin patch of beach .
perry lounged against a palm tree while talking to bronco .
max kept his breathing steady , palm trees whizzing past as he drove .
palm trees swelled around the stretch of dirt trail , animal sounds echoing from their branches .
` ` but if you 're really worried , you can always program some time into your palm pilot for us to talk about it .
an older couple with palm trees in the background waved for the camera .
although her parents had moved to palm beach , florida , full - time , they 'd kept the house in serendipity , allowing brian to stay on .
` ` there are palm trees down there so either we 're making an emergency landing or we turned back to florida or -- '' ` ` we 're landing on a semi - private island , '' he said , obviously telling her the truth .
tall palm trees and lush plants dotted the landscape made more beautiful by the expanse of blue sky above them .
no matter how many times he made this trip , he still marveled at the beauty of this island , the lush palm trees , the blue sky dotted with perfect white clouds and the warm sticky air blowing on his skin .
she 'd added plants on the windowsills and photographs of palm trees , of pink and yellow homes and southern landscapes on the walls .
but she did n't have time to think any more about it , because just as she began to regain her equilibrium , she realized there had been a method to his dancing , and that he had managed to sway her into a secluded little alcove hidden by overgrown potted palms and darkened by its distance from the rest of the dance floor .
palms , philodendrons , and ferns reached out with large leaves to provide even more cover .
` ` it 's always a palm tree christmas .
` ` i went to a palm reader once at the county fair .
i wonder if the gypsy reads palms .
` ` i do n't think so , '' i mumble , as the palm trees and carefully manicured bushes flash past .
four chairs were positioned in the sand , a palm tree partially shading them .
the beach was about fifteen yards wide , met at its far edge by a line of palms and other kinds of trees with medium sized , roundish leaves .
she started by grabbing a nearby fallen palm frond , stripping it of its leaves , trying to figure out how to weave them into some sort of mat he could sleep on .
we can build it out of bamboo and palm fronds . ''
we can use palm fronds for the filling in between the poles , the tarp can be our waterproofing for the top .
i ' m not sure we 'll even need it though , with enough layers of palm fronds . ''
candi and sarah got to work gathering fallen palm fronds from the beachfront and jungle areas and dragging them to the big tree .
` ` let 's just keep putting these palm fronds together .
now she was working on woven palm fronds as the slings to put between the bamboo pole frames .
jonathan , with his newfound fitness , had become quite adept at shimmying up the coconut palms and pulling the nuts down .
` ` okay , i need one broken up coconut and a couple of banana palm leaves .
i made cushions to sit on by weaving a big pocket out of palm fronds and then stuffing it with crumbled up palm frond leaves and palm canvas . ''
i made cushions to sit on by weaving a big pocket out of palm fronds and then stuffing it with crumbled up palm frond leaves and palm canvas . ''
i made cushions to sit on by weaving a big pocket out of palm fronds and then stuffing it with crumbled up palm frond leaves and palm canvas . ''
the canvas was a material that naturally came off the palms around the coconut bunches .
she had framed it with a palm frond border .
candi came over with a piece of bamboo that had palm canvas wrapped around it , tied in place with thick layers of plant rope .
candi went to a basket hanging from the tree roots where she kept her cooking ingredients , locating a small palm canvas packet of the berries that they 'd been finding everywhere .
they placed it over a pile of cushioning fronds and palm canvas for the guys ' bed .
she pushed candi down onto a chunk of palm tree that they used as a seat near the fire .
there they found sarah and jonathan busy making tiki torches out of bamboo poles , palm canvas , and mounds of plant rope .
or we could use palm fronds probably . ''
they also were n't palms or guavas or any of the other plants and trees they were used to seeing on the island .
kevin grabbed a few palm fronds from a nearby pile .
they all walked together in a line back to where they had come from , doing their best to swish palm fronds around the ground , erasing their footprints and hiding the evidence that anyone had been there .
` ` west palm ? ''
it 's not that west palm does n't have its fair share of hot guys ; it 's just that they are n't ... ian .
i park around the far corner of the building where i ca n't be seen from the entrance , under the fronds of some scrubby palm trees .
the blinds are drawn as i approach our white ranch - style home , palm trees swaying on the side of the house .
beyond the pool was a beautiful beach decorated by palm trees .
and do n't try to say it 's because you really love west palm , either . ''
this was starting to sound like my most paranoid thoughts of tony - and jared was talking about west palm , my hometown .
` ` so , did you guys just get here from west palm ? ''
hopefully , since the one eleven guys were n't from florida , they would n't know any better about west palm .
snow all over the sidewalks and the bushes ... even in the palm trees .
tory was talking to teeg next to a clump of potted palms .
once i made it around the corner of lush palm trees and tropical gardens , i saw the house .
as i lifted my gaze and stared out at the swaying palms , i wondered how it was to be like everyone walking up and down the street .
the bench crashed into the trunk of a nearby palm , the legs breaking off .
` ` i think they 're the elm land and palm land , but it 's hard to tell out here . ''
elm and palm .
the village really was n't that far over the second border , which dorian confirmed was the palm land .
the palm trees that had given this land its name were unnaturally big , but that had n't saved them from the cold .
some of the palm residents came out to watch our approach ; some peered out at us from the safety of their snowy huts .
likewise , the cobbled - together winter attire i 'd seen on my people was downright luxurious next to the pathetic scraps of the palm land 's residents .
likewise , the rowan land 's more temperate climate meant there 'd been warmer clothing and supplies already in production to share back to the thorn land , whose residents ( like the palm land 's ) would normally never need anything more than the lightest of attire .
the terrible screech sounded again , echoed by smaller , terror - filled cries from the palm residents as they scurried for shelter .
together , we ripped one of the dead palms from the ground , doing it in a way that left the roots behind and created a splintery end .
even among its unusually large kin , this palm was pretty huge .
like the palm land ?
when we passed through the palm land , i looked at the giant trees with regret .
wherever he was , whether he was still in palm springs or had moved on , i knew adrian would never give up on me , and i had to match that .
it was may in palm springs , and our fleeting spring was being trampled into the ground by summer 's hot and sweltering approach .
after the assassination attempt , jill had been sent here to hide among humans in palm springs because a desert was no place that either our kind or the strigoi - evil , undead vampires - wanted to be .
the sun was bothering me again , so i walked around the building and found another bench that was out of the way and shaded by palm trees .
he was the third dhampir in the group , a recent addition to palm springs .
my friends here in palm springs knew about sydney and me .
were they still in palm springs ?
i staggered to my closet and pulled out the suitcase i 'd brought when i first came to palm springs .
she was everywhere i looked , not just in this apartment but also at amberwood and even palm springs at large .
mostly in palm springs , they 'd been a temptation , one i 'd nearly pawned in a desperate attempt to get some cash .
if my mom thought we were just doing strigoi research in palm springs , then so be it .
no one outside of the palm springs circle knew what sydney meant to me , and lissa did n't even have the connection of friendship to sydney that someone like rose did .
some were friends i 'd regularly partied with before leaving for palm springs .
that had never been my thing , even before the life - changing events in palm springs .
i did n't have the same bills here that i had in palm springs , and i 'd liked the idea of showing nathan ivashkov that he could n't buy off everyone in his family .
a small voice of reason warned me i was in danger of falling into some of the bad spending habits i 'd had in my low moments in palm springs , but i shushed it .
my depression had been bad in palm springs after sydney 's disappearance and had only worsened here after my failure to get lissa 's help .
chapter 12 adrian it had only been a few weeks , but i felt like i 'd been away from palm springs for months .
` ` she has for a long time now , '' i said , thinking of her time here in palm springs when she struggled with her friendship with us and the doctrine the others were feeding to her .
it was almost like i was still in palm springs . ''
she might not be in palm springs , but she 's definitely south of us . ''
either one of those places was less than a day 's drive from palm springs .
less than five hours from palm springs .
one was my original from utah , which i 'd hardly used in palm springs while living as sydney melrose .
i was positive she was as shocked by these new developments as everyone else , but something told me she 'd take on an attitude similar to what our friends in palm springs eventually had : acceptance and support .
` ` go back to palm springs and- '' ` ` adrian , '' lissa interrupted .
in palm springs , we 'd passed ourselves off as twins , sharing similar dark blond hair and brown eyes .
ages ago - or at least it felt that way - jill had briefly done some modeling for a palm springs fashion designer .
she was gazing off at a cluster of palm trees , and unless someone knew her well , it would be difficult to realize this was her .
` ` i hate to disagree , but when i think hawaii , i think palm trees and bikinis . ''
ms . terwilliger and i peered at his screen and found a map of the greater palm springs area .
the salton sea was a saline lake outside of palm springs , and the metal puddle before us was exactly the same shape as that body of water .
` ` she left that clue : she 's in palm springs .
none of us are going to sleep anytime soon - we might as well hit the road now and go to palm springs . ''
` ` i do n't want you anywhere near palm springs right now . ''
what we do know is that alicia is baiting sydney and wants her to come to palm springs , where there 's probably a very neatly laid trap .
i want to conduct a search in palm springs - specifically the salton sea area - but i plan on doing it with appropriate backup . ''
we all agreed neil might be handy in palm springs when we closed in on alicia , so eddie promised to make that happen .
most importantly , it was far away from the alchemists in st . louis and even farther from palm springs , where alicia was hoping sydney would show up .
she 's mobilized the witches in palm springs .
we 'd made this michigan detour because we had time to pass while waiting for things to be ready for us in palm springs .
` ` palm springs , '' i murmured , still rocking declan .
but i need you to meet me in palm springs as soon as you can .
throughout all of this , sydney and i split our attention between taking care of declan and making contact with the people in palm springs .
by the time we reached palm springs , declan was the only one of us who was n't wiped out .
when adrian had left palm springs to live at court , he 'd given his apartment to trey .
that left eddie and me , and after telling our friends goodbye , we set out for malachi 's compound on the outskirts of palm springs .
marcus called sydney back a couple of hours later , saying he had news and would come to palm springs immediately to deliver it in person .
our group dispersed , and sydney and i led marcus to the rental car we 'd been driving since coming back to palm springs .
after yesterday 's gray , palm springs was back to its sweltering summer conditions , ones i certainly did n't want to expose myself to .
` ` after everything that 's gone down in palm springs , they probably keep eyes and ears here regularly .
we 'd left the urban sprawl of palm springs , going off into the desert to a place that made wolfe 's compound look downright civilized .
` ` because an angry alchemist bureaucrat just called , pretty worked up about how you and sydney are at large in palm springs !
i leaned against a palm tree .
after stocking up on a few snacks from howie 's kitchen - though honestly , i was kind of sick of it all by now - neil and i headed back to the civilization of palm springs .
while i was waiting around in palm springs , i looked up some of the spells she used on us .
i had eddie drive me to the other side of palm springs , to a pay phone at a remote gas station .
desert terrain dominated , albeit in a different way from palm springs .
imagine -- their little propellers all spinning around as they fan you with palm fronds . ''
it was this mud city in the heart of a palm oasis , the bulk of it a deserted ruin with just the central part restored , and not to any kind of grandeur .
it still looked like sculpted mud - if fancy sculpted mud - and the rooms were comfortable enough , with very high beamed ceilings and wool rugs on the floors , and there was a rooftop terrace overlooking the waving tops of the palm trees .
she spotted the palm grove first , an oasis , the green as surprising as spilled paint on brown ground .
their tiny shadow - moths grew larger as they dropped down to meet them , and they set themselves down in the shade of the palms and released their glamours .
it was a small lump of granite , fissured and creviced like all the ancient rocks of scotland , and slimed with seaweed and seal droppings to boot , but he crawled on shore with all the thankfulness of a shipwrecked sailor for a land of palm trees and white - sand beaches .
this flat island , with its wide white beaches and lines of low palms , had once been called san salvador .
it was no more than two hundred yards to the thick growth of palms and underbrush .
while the road was shaded by tall palms and cecropia trees , the slave market itself was held in a large , stone - paved space without the grace of any shade , save that provided by ramshackle open booths roofed with sheets of tin or palm fronds , in which the slave - dealers and auctioneers sought occasional refuge from the sun .
while the road was shaded by tall palms and cecropia trees , the slave market itself was held in a large , stone - paved space without the grace of any shade , save that provided by ramshackle open booths roofed with sheets of tin or palm fronds , in which the slave - dealers and auctioneers sought occasional refuge from the sun .
he had turned round again , and his eyes were fixed on the plume of smoke , rising thick and white from behind the palm trees .
i shot through the door into the salon and came to a halt behind a potted palm , heart pounding .
some distance from the house , on a separate rise , a large , plain , mud - daub building stood , roofed with palm thatch .
i could hear the small rush of flame , and the rustle of cane leaves in the night wind ; the quick darting scuttle of a rat in the palm - frond roof of the hut behind me .
lawrence was sheltering under a dripping palm near the cave 's entrance .
` ` my brother sent it to me from paris , '' jenny told him proudly , opening the book to a double - page spread of the continent of india , where the starred circle indicating bombay was surrounded by small drawings of palm trees , elephants , and something that upon close scrutiny turned out to be a tea plant .
in an effort to torture her students , my world geography teacher announced a team project as soon as we returned from winter break - during which everyone who had remained in town for christmas had enjoyed an unprecedented half foot of snow covering the beach , palm trees , resort hotels and fishing boats .
' palm trees ! '
' what a beautiful room , ' jacqueline said , looking out the window at the squatty palm tree cluster next to the house .
i show him the palm stop sign .
the leaves of the palm trees hung limp .
the palm was weathered , leathery with years of salt and hard work .
in different circumstances , it would have been a beautiful night for a wedding : the moon hung low and magnified in a tropical sky , bathing the camp in a strange blue light , while the whispering breeze barely disturbed the palm trees , but offered discreet relief from the heat .
the pine and palm trees thinned , then disappeared altogether , leaving him unprotected by shade , the heat bouncing off the pale rocks and tarmac .
he had found himself spending night after night in leopoldville 's foreign correspondents ' club , anesthetizing himself with whiskey or , worse , palm wine , until the combined horrors of what he had seen and a bout of yellow fever almost ended him .
it was then that she saw him , half hidden by some potted palms .
they will feature a red - haired woman in the shade of a palm tree , or perhaps gazing out into a yellow sun , her face a little older , that hair perhaps streaked with grey , but her smile wide and her eyes full of love .
i would unfold my chair , place myself next to will under a palm tree , and we would watch nathan attempt to windsurf , or waterski - occasionally shouting encouragement , plus the odd word of abuse - from our spot on the sand .
gazing at the palm trees below the house , i steered us over to them .
i blinked against the sunlight and took in our surroundings - a tiny little airport surrounded by massive palm trees .
out on the horizon , lightening streaked through the sky , highlighting palm trees swaying steadily back and forth in the strong winds .
i look past them and notice beautiful green mountains and palm trees .
she chose a table , partially sheltered by a potted palm .
she spotted hammer walking by with a couple of his protgs and edged further behind the palm .
he saw labyrinthian garden trails and huge leafy palm trees bending in the direction of a flaming sunset that burned into the calm ocean .
` ` i created the light the light was created the wood of the palm tree its heart in darkness opened in the full moon a square two fingers a side i said the word the word was hippopotamus the light appeared '' ` ` what does it mean ? ''
` ` we think it might mean , cutting open a palm tree in the full moon , then making a cube of wood from the center two fingers square , then saying the word hippopotamus , '' jack said .
` ` well ... we 're in california ... lots of palm trees , and it 's a full moon tonight . ''
frank held a foot long piece of palm tree trunk in both hands , jack picked up an electric saw and spent a few minutes cutting two inch and one half slices off of it .
finally , as he went to move ahead again , greg grabbed his collar and hauled him back behind the cover of a potted palm tree .
i try to focus on a palm leaf swaying in the breeze , but its brown and dying just like me .
if i do suddenly drop dead next week though , tell the palm readers they may be onto something !
the chain of islands between the cities , home only to pirates and palm trees , was a constant source of tension between the two nations .
in the morning i sit on the sofa and sketch the view along the beach , the beautiful curve of golden sand backed by palms and cane fields that stretches to the rocks in the distance where the stream runs out .
azziz wears a designer one with large dark blue hibiscuses printed on light blue linen ; jesus a wonderfully tacky one with orange sunsets and palm trees on black polyester .
' and can i build a little beach , ba , ur ... ar , cafe under the palm trees with a view out over the surf break ?
it 'll be real cool and rustic like , built out of driftwood from the beach and palm fronds with comfy sofas and bean bags that swallow you up . '
six pukcip and six ograc spaceships landed in the palm lane park in anaheim , california .
in palm lane park in anaheim , the six pukcip and six ograc spaceships fired their engines and started to lift off the ground .
i m just gon na snip up some of these corona ads and put the palm trees and sand around the pictures , make a nice little border .. , her mom said , staring down into the binder .
2/20/54 on the runway of muroc air force base on the 15th of february , evens was ordered to join the president 's entourage , along with the psychic woman , as they traveled to palm springs , california .
the screens showed a traditional golden - shovel ground - breaking ceremony occurring earth - side in a field surrounded by palm and banana trees , but adrian was too stunned to react .
between the many paths and narrow roads that ran away from the docks grew palm trees and other shrubbery that did nt quite look indigenous .
it begged you to kick off your shoes and relax beneath yet another palm tree .
the swimming there was very good , with a cluster of palm trees growing near the narrow strip of sand at the waters edge providing some shade .
a few minutes later they reached the outskirts of honiara and were passing small concrete houses surrounded by banana trees , paw - paws , palm trees , and other tropical vegetation .
they settled onto the warm golden sand in the shade of a palm tree , and there rick proposed to her .
a little later , after frolicking in the water , they sat on the sand in the shade of a palm tree and ate their packed lunch .
her unconscious body was still in ricks arms , lying in the shade of the coconut palm near the waters edge .
her gaze drifted over the still water of the lagoon and the sandy shore and the palm fronds above her head above her head and the clear blue sky beyond , and the horror that had gripped her at the thought of those demons ebbed away .
she helped me carry my father 's body over to the palm recognizer .
a massive sugar palm , nearly eighty feet high , towered out of it pointing toward home .
beyond the lounge pierce could see a patio though a pair of french doors , complete with fountain and palm trees .
the intermittent groupings of palm trees lining the roads offered minimal respite from the heat .
marty slowly blinked : they were no longer standing at the entry of 495 palm terrace lane , but were in a small room lit by some unseen power , the very air electrified .
without any dinosaurs to graze upon the land , the flora grew denser as modern plant species like cacti and palm trees appeared .
woodlands spanned from pole to pole , including polar forests with palm trees as far north as alaska , giving way to numerous habitats capable of supporting the new faunas .
the cousins stepped down to the second street level so they were eye - line with the mature palms which lined the coastal boulevard .
a statue of a ni - perchta warrior in full armor with an ori - staff and a model of the ni - perchta city of solomons bay laid out on what looks like a giant stone palm are centered in the lobby .
in the center of its large palm , on a real or artificial hilltop , is a very large temple or castle made out of a dark wood that looks to you like a japanese temple set on top of a giant wooden barge that still has oars sticking out of its sides .
it is located on the utmost end of the statues palm .
the train lurches forward and starts to chug its way north into another nemo gate at the edge of the statues palm .
they would mix in weather forecasts along with palm readings , stock market statistics , miscellaneous scientific facts , legends about extinct creatures and all sorts of nonsense before finally landing on a page with explicit instructions .
he might be right , he said to me as he dropped down against a lazily leaning palm tree .
three days after mary died , claude brought some of the meat back to the palm tree where we d started sleeping .
our kin - folk hid behind their little palm pals .
mrs . miller then called ambers palm screen .
she took one last look down the street - seeing destiny in the palm trees - and smiled .
they were in a more upscale area now with large , opulent houses and broad avenues lined with dead palm trees .
when sledge awoke from his catnap , the sun had settled down over the palms outside of his window and dimmed to a burnt shade of orange .
i drove down a street lined with palm trees and pulled into downtown disney .
that vendor by the palms sells a good lemon liqueur . ''
she could imagine getting lost in the maze of palm fronds , and curly ferns .
the potted palms either side of the deck opening fluttered delicately in the gentle sea breeze , the zephyr infused with the salty spritz of the pacific ocean .
dusky , stone buildings tightly packed the urban panorama with scattered cypresses and palms providing sporadic splashes of green .
a liberal display of flora and fauna comprising lions , bulls , palm trees and frolicking cherubs decorated each trolley ; the spoked wheels , rims and axles also fashioned from the same exquisitely hued metal .
thick , leafy trees and feathery date palms lethargically spread their limbs over the gardens , a tightly bound hedge marking the rear limit of the green carpets .
grassy fields filled the gaps , while masses of languid coconut palms fringed the pristine , silky beaches .
unfortunately , nearly all the streets and intersections in l.a . looked nearly the same to him : improbably wide streets lined by inexplicably tall and strikingly exotic appearing palm trees and other tropical plants , impossibly priced , dilapidated stucco houses on postage - stamp - sized lots , and ramshackle motels , convenience and liquor stores , coin laundries , and other odds - and - ends shops .
have you got a freshly butchered wild boar and some palm fronds ?
before danish can make a reply , the island shakes violently a moment , as if shuddering from the energies going on between the duke and danish , then as quickly as it came , it subsides , but the palm trees are still shaking .
there were palm trees around it , but they were shriveled and long dead .
date palms and lush greenery stretched into the visible distance .
but there were others as well , rafis palm plants , pineapple tropical plants , rubber trees , dracaena gold star , and vines too , philodendron , ivy , and even orchids , for some color .
i was stood outside a terrific looking building , which was surrounded by palm trees and tropical flowers with a narrow strip of marshland at either side .
chapter 2 kalisstern et suurtal , master of the dark palm sect and one of the most renowned terrorists in the entire glesh nebula , was annoyed .
large palm trees towered above the small buildings below , and baskets hung on their trunks with flowering orchids .
i said that i d rather live in a house made out of palm leaves .
a weeping willow swayed in the wind , its long , flowing leaves grazing the rough trunk of a tall palm tree .
james and i were looking up at a wall of thick palm leaves and pine needles .
the tall green palms swayed to the light breeze .
gresham and moss emerged from the hallway leading to the hearing chamber into shoregrove halls spectacular atrium overlooking the palm tree - lined crest avenue .
# the palm was one of santa monicas most prestigious restaurants , located about a block from the beach and overlooking the sparkling pacific ocean from its second - story perch .
she led gresham up a narrow staircase to the lofty palm on the second floor .
each house had a palm tree growing on the side of its driveway and potted plants hung from several doorways .
a lone , miniature palm tree grew from a pot on the far side of the enclosure .
zurra wandered away from the chaos that was the marketplace and through a line of tall , pleasant palm trees .
she dragged the heavy transport marker to one side and managed to shove it under some palm fronds .
every street looked the same mile after mile : wide with palm and pepper trees and small houses , convenience stores , laundries , liquor stores and other miscellaneous structures .
behind him , early morning golfers where teeing up , but there was a row of low palms which kept the downed agent hidden from their view .
chapter 45 deep surfs pilot landed skillfully between the palms on shawns property and sally instinctively ran to the helicopter looking for shawn .
wairua walked right past them all down to an opening in the palms and sat on a boulder she would visit when she wanted quiet , and to think about her family .
weird palm trees and bamboo sprouted in beds with ferns and flowering bushes lining the walkways .
we walked along a shaded path , the zoo sounds fading into the background , and came upon an area surrounded by twelve to fifteen foot hedges and palms that shielded it from the rest of the property .
the night after kelly gave birth , i told caspar every detail as we lounged under one of the palm trees in a cluster of exotic plants at the far end of his street , close to the ash - circle .
they skimmed past the tops of a date palm grove .
she passes through a palm grove and arrives at a lawn with a spotless bungalow in the middle .
till twelve hours before , soaring palms , snow - white sand .
bent forward , with their weapons in their arms , the raiders climb along a muddy path , up to a lawn studded with palms bent by the wind .
1987 , may 27 : a cessna 402c ; between palm beach , fl .
at the other side of the park a man was standing , his back to a palm tree , holding a microphone and speaking while another man video graphed him .
there were golf courses carved into the desert and palm trees flanking the roadside .
they stopped in the shade of a palm tree .
she was laying on top of a large palm frond on a small crescent shaped beach strewn with driftwood .
she looked around and saw nothing but palm trees , silty beach and peaceful waves .
the island was glowing in the sunset , rosy and golden and covered with palm trees .
the stairs ended half buried in the sand of the beach and from them a path meandered between palm trees and ferns to the edge of the water .
maybe his roots are rotting , the palm answered .
* socratea exorrhiza , the walking palm or cashapona , is a palm native to rainforests in tropical central and south america .
* socratea exorrhiza , the walking palm or cashapona , is a palm native to rainforests in tropical central and south america .
after our lavish buffet dinner we finished the weeks ' activities by going for a walk on the grand terrace , a large boulevard of hothouse palm and tropical fruit trees , flowers and exotic grasses .
they resembled palm trees , yet had the appearance of dead or dying elms .
they continued forward through the narrow opening in between tall forested bastions of rock into a lagoon of crystal waters , ringed by ivory beaches and lush coconut and date palms .
they beached the pinnance in a secluded cove , covering it with palm fronds and cypress branches , hiding it from view .
the foliage surrounding the clearing was lush with date and coconut palm trees , cypress boughs covered in hanging moss , and thick patches of brilliant orchids in purple , red and yellow .
rivulets of clear , sparkling water flowed down them , and the cliffs were lush with vines , date palms and thick ferns .
the floor of the ravine was littered with large , elaborate tents made of cloth , hides , and palm fronds .
chapter 01 the two men , killers , stood silent outside the high outer walls of the mansion , lingering among the palm trees .
three of them showed various angles outside the walls of her home , all clear except for the rain , and the palm trees swaying in the heavy wind .
he listened to the waves , to the music coming from the house , to the gentle rustle of the wind in the palm trees .
hot sun , narrow , crowded streets , old spanish architecture , and palm trees lining the grand boulevard .
it had n't been fully settled on but the palm tower of static had lasted longer than anything else .
ivy drapes the fence and leafy palms and flowering shrubs seem to fill every available inch on the perimeter of the yard .
the bathroom is small , with a single toilet and sink and a fake palm tree in the corner .
a breeze moves through the yard and makes the palms rattle .
the island had it all , beaches constructed from imported thai sand , palms planted from hawaii , macaws from brazil , you name it the island had it .
it stood like a single palm tree on an island , surrounded by a pit of red sand .
a few large palms provided shade from the inoffensive white light .
instead she took the time to go outside and enjoy the fresh air while cleaning up from some palm fronds that had littered the front lawn during some recent windy days .
palm leaves rattle in the wind and , looking up , i see frigate birds hovering effortlessly high above , silhouetted against the puffy clouds .
having been up since dawn helping set things up , i have a sudden unexpected weary , and curl up on a sofa in the shade of a coconut palm , surfacing occasionally to listen to the reggae beat but not opening my eyes until the sun has slipped behind the hills and our guests have departed .
it 's wonderful to be sitting under a palm tree listening to the swoosh of waves , with snatches of reggae wafting in on the breeze .
most of them are totally invisible but there 's a few empty jerseys in the szabo colours of navy and maroon vertical stripes playing soccer or lazing under coconut palms .
if those people continued that way they would crawl up a hill , cross a wide dead - end four lane street bisected by a median filled with cut hedges and palms and other flowering tropical plants .
he drove up toward the main road of the complex and doglegged right and then left toward the palm lined entrance to the community .
nearby palm trees rustled , making their white noise as dry brown fronds shook neurotically in the hot breeze .
an hour later , watching and smoking from the small back balcony off the guest room of his townhome , holiday could see hot ash and glowing sparks streaming through the sky above the vineyards and the now crazed palm trees .
ash picked up a large dry palm frond that lay on the hot blacktop .
only at the last second did the crows reluctantly scatter , crying angrily and circling , before flying off to a nearby palm tree to glare down on them sullenly .
the foothills above pasadena were on fire as tract homes and long streets lined with sprawling houses burned to the ground while flaming palm trees danced in sudden hot gusts .
and since the picture should be complete , let 's put a couple of palm trees in the distance with some hammocks stretched across .
under the palm trees .
tied up to a palm tree , balaams donkey had patiently been waiting for them .
lets take one each for all seven of us , turok said , gesturing at the masers , and better grab some palm masers and pulse pistols too .
she also scooped up a dozen disposable palm masers .
pristine snowy - white beaches fringed the land edged with imported earth palms together with purple fronders from new freya and hair - ferns from wherever they come from .
interestingly enough , afuas palms immediately stopped sweating with that decision .
california offered a fresh start : she imagined herself driving a convertible , living in a sunny house near the beach , with palm trees outside her window ; she imagined her daughter growing up tanned and healthy .
the cube struck the feathery foliage of a palm and not a frond was disturbed .
now a pair of robot gardeners tended the glistening green lawns and pruned the glorious hedges of fiery red azaleas and trimmed away the dead fronds of the towering palm trees that ran along the ridge behind the house .
how many palms ?
a thick growth of shadescale and salt bushes lined the lower edges of these canyons with an inner ring of fan palms , indicating the water riches of this place .
crude buildings of greenbush and spice - fiber had been built out from the fan palms .
he could see many people working farther toward the canyon among the palms .
there were birds in the nearby fan palms and he heard their calls , their wings .
the corners of his eyes saw blue parakeets in the palm fronds .
in the center of the grove he saw a small old farmhouse , well - kept , with a garden and palm tree in front of it , and side buildings that looked much older than any he had seen in california except for the spanish adobe buildings which of course wene now all historical monuments .
the garden , too , had a brown quality , and the palm tree had the thick , hairy quality usual with trees of its kind .
primary jungle was what most people thought of when they thought of rain forests : huge hardwood trees , mahogany and teak and ebony , and underneath a lower layer of ferns and palms , clinging to the ground .
pushing aside the palm fronds , they saw a carpeting of shattered white bones .
now they were hemmed in by close ferns and spreading palms .
he saw to his amazement palm trees .
the warm air , the palm trees ... funny , he thought , i never noticed any palm trees growing around here .
the warm air , the palm trees ... funny , he thought , i never noticed any palm trees growing around here .
the palm trees rustled in the warm midday wind , acquainting him further , without words , in the sunny mystery of redemption .
the thinning cup of his vision told him of changes all around - a cluster of palms far down to the right , the black - silver line of a qanat carrying water through the dunes piled up by that morning 's storm .
never did i see a people so gigantic : they are tall as palm trees , and florid and ruddy in complexion .
yet it was enormous , each section of the tail being broader than the largest palm frond .
they looked like rusty , miniature palm trees wrapped in some sort of time - worn barbed wire .
his museum fremen tended date palms , tall grasses and even truck gardens there .
he parked the land rover in the shade of the palm trees that fringed the beach , and got out the box lunches .
now her mother was calling to her , and tina decided to move out of the sun , back from the water , to the shade of the palm trees .
in this part of the beach , the palm trees overhung a gnarled tangle of mangrove roots , which blocked any attempt to penetrate inland .
the beach marty guitierrez sat on the beach and watched the afternoon sun fall lower in the sky , until it sparkled harshly on the water of the bay , and its rays reached beneath the palm trees , to where he sat among the mangroves , on the beach of cabo blanco .
a few carnivorous dinosaurs prowled the swampy shores of the lake , moving among the palm trees .
to the south , rising above the palm trees , grant saw a single trunk with no leaves at all , just a big curving stump .
grant stood on the path on the side of the hill , with the mist on his face , staring at the gray necks craning above the palms .
he was still laughing as he saw a fifth and a sixth neck crane up above the palm trees .
ian malcom jurassic park they moved into a green tunnel of overarching palms leading toward the main visitor building .
one wall was glass , looking out onto a balcony with palm trees in the light mist .
they passed a grove of palm trees and saw a large , low concrete shed with a steel roof .
on the other side of the fence , they heard snorting in the palm trees .
they were standing in the living room of hammond 's elegant bungalow , set back among palm trees in the northern sector of the park .
the land cruiser passed through a grove of low , stumpy palm trees .
those trees to your left and right are called cycads , the prehistoric predecessors of palm trees .
then he realized he was looking too low : the animal 's head stood twenty feet above the ground , half concealed among the upper branches of the palm trees .
a large herd of apatosaurs was grazing at the edge of the lagoon , eating the leaves of the upper branches of the palm trees .
he yawned , and turned to look at the palm trees on the left side of the road , and was startled by a sudden tbump as the ground shook .
and he saw the door give way beneath her , and she fell out of the car into the mud but tim could n't answer , because in the next instant everything swung crazily - he saw the trunks of the palm trees sliding downward past him - moving sideways through the air - he glimpsed the ground very far below - the hot roar of the tyrannosaur - the blazing eye - the tops of the palm trees- and then , with a metallic scraping shriek , the car fell from the tyrannosaur 's jaws , a sickening fall , and tim 's stomach heaved in the moment before the world became totally black , and silent .
and he saw the door give way beneath her , and she fell out of the car into the mud but tim could n't answer , because in the next instant everything swung crazily - he saw the trunks of the palm trees sliding downward past him - moving sideways through the air - he glimpsed the ground very far below - the hot roar of the tyrannosaur - the blazing eye - the tops of the palm trees- and then , with a metallic scraping shriek , the car fell from the tyrannosaur 's jaws , a sickening fall , and tim 's stomach heaved in the moment before the world became totally black , and silent .
muldoon pushed aside the fronds of a palm .
ian malcom search gennaro sat in the jeep and listened to the buzzing of the flies , and stared at the distant palm trees wavering in the heat .
one big palm tree was uprooted from the ground .
the jeep burst through the line of palm trees along the east road and came out into a narrower service road , leading toward the jungle river .
then he tied the rope to a tree and they set off , through a dense forest of palm trees .
they were in an open field , moving away from the dense line of foliage and palm trees that marked the course of the river , a hundred yards to the east .
through the windshield , gennaro saw the tyrannosaur directly ahead of them , moving among the palm trees along the river .
but then he saw the roof to his right , above the palms .
outside , through the glass , they saw rows of palm trees , shadowy shapes in the fog .
grant looked through the rear glass doors , to the palm trees and the fog .
wu said , ` ` there 's a path straight through the palm trees to the maintenance building .
he found the path among the palm trees and followed it north .
grant ducked back , crouching among the palm trees .
but , one by one , the animals moved back into the shade of the palm trees at the edge of the mangrove swamp , and there they stood , lined up in their peculiar fashion , watching the ocean .
the door was left open as the helicopter lifted away from the beach , and grant leaned out to see if he could catch a last look at the raptors , but then the helicopter was above the palm trees , moving north over the island .
a tropical island , an arc of sand , crystalline water , palm trees .
soon he could make out the palm trunks and debris scattered over the dark sand , and the low , scrubby plants whipped by the wind off the ocean .
i needed something with a much bigger flat surface , like a paddle or a palm frond - something to create a large disrupting wind ... my mind was racing .
from a palm tree . ''
if you turn away you may find yourself standing under a palm tree facing fully armed teeps . ''
norman looked at the islands as they flashed by : a curve of white sand , a few palm trees , then gone .
norman was hurried onto the big sea knight helicopter , which immediately lifted off the cold tarmac and headed west , over palm trees and rusty corrugated rooftops , into the pacific .
norman cast around in his mind for something to visualize , chose a sandy tropical beach , then a palm tree .
the image of the palm tree was clear , but , then , he thought , jerry would n't know what a palm tree was .
the image of the palm tree was clear , but , then , he thought , jerry would n't know what a palm tree was .
only then did it dawn on norman who this man was : alan whittier , who as a teenager had murdered his mother and sister in their trailer in palm desert , and then had gone on to kill six people at a gas station and three others in a supermarket parking lot , until he finally turned himself in to the police , sobbing , hysterical with guilt and remorse .
there were diree dwarf palm trees , and plants he had n't seen since leaving gilead : spathiphyllum , he believed they had been called there , although they might not have the same name in this world .
my mind kept wanting to examine what must have gone on before i came back to the apartment ... kept wanting to see it -- him -- bellis -- jumping up , grabbing the loose edge of the wallpaper by the door to the bedroom because it was the only thing left in the room approximating paper -- hanging on -- finally tearing it loose and carrying it back to the typewriter on its -- on his -- head like the leaf of a nipa palm .
ship had displayed an earthside lagoon for him once - palm trees , an outrigger with white sails .
levine listened to the sound of the wind , the rustle of the palm fronds that dripped water onto his face .
eddie walked to a stand of nearby palms , and began to hack away big fronds with his machete .
the parasaurs were somewhere up ahead , making a lot of noise as they crashed through the ferns and palms on the jungle floor .
he hurried forward , pushing past wet palm fronds taller than he was , following the beaten trail .
levine began to run through the jungle , shoving aside palms , leaping over fallen trees .
heart pounding with excitement , levine pushed past the last of the big palms .
she pushed aside the palm fronds , and stepped out into the open .
he was at the bottom of a ravine , and the palm trees were ten feet tall , and very thick .
the trail ahead began to narrow , the big palms edging closer , slapping the car .
there was a gap in the palms - he saw a field of black boulders looming directly ahead .
they continued down in darkness , through another layer of palms , and then abruptly they banged down on level ground .
once , while peaceably reading palms on the boardwalk in wildwood , he had an idea so strong that he quit the job that very night .
candles burned in red glasses , beside a bit of withered palm .
she thought it was quite the thing , what with potted palms everywhere !
at the same time , she undertook a refurbishing of the house , spending a fortune on new paint , plaster , draperies , and delicate expensive furniture in the art deco style the double parlor was crowded with potted palms as richard llewellyn has described a bozendorfer grand piano was purchased , an elevator was eventually installed ( 1927 ) , and before that an immense swimming pool was built to the rear of the lawn , and a cabana was built to the south side of the pool so that guests could shower and dress without bothering to go into the house .
' the streets were completely blocked with automobiles people were piling in through the back garden gate , and every window in the place was lighted i could hear the shrill screams of the saxophone long before i reached the front steps ' there was no one on the front door , as far as i ever saw , and i simply went in , pushing through a regular jam of young persons in the hallway , who were all smoking and laughing and greeting each other , and took no notice of me at all ' the party did include every manner of dress , exactly as stella had promised there were even quite a few elderly people there and langtry found himself comfortably anonymous as he made his way to the bar in the living room where he was served a glass of extremely good champagne ' there were more and more people streaming in every minute a crowd was dancing in the front portion of the room in fact , there were so many persons everywhere i looked , all chattering and laughing and drinking amid a thick bluish cloud of cigarette smoke , that i could hardly gain a fair impression of the furnishings of the room rather lavish , i suppose , and rather like the salon of a great liner , actually , with the potted palms , and the tortured art deco lamps , and the delicate , vaguely grecian chairs .
shopping malls in beverly hills , coconut grove , boca raton , and palm beach ?
fancily dressed children of all sizes played tag among the adults , hiding behind the potted palms which had been stationed through the ground floor , or rushed in gangs up and down the stairway shrieking - to the utter mortification of various parents - that they had just seen ' the ghost ! '
this was the emerald tablet , presented to maria prophetissa , the sister of moses , by tehuti himself , who gave names to all created things in the beginning , before he was expelled from the palm tree garden .
the black iron prison , which is called the cave of treasures , in which they now live , and the palm tree garden with its enormous spaces , its light , where they originally dwelt .
he sat under palm trees and knew that he had entered the garden , but it was the garden he himself had fashioned at the beginning of creation ; she had not brought him to her realm .
he said , ` ` the warmth in the palm tree garden- '' ` ` blasting , withering dry heat , '' she said .
to the palm tree garden ?
i went into the lobby , smelled the familiar odor c it reminds me of the pink cakes they put in the urinals of public men 's rooms these days c and glanced around at the same ratty palm trees overhanging the same faded red tile floor .
no more parties , no more jitterbugging at al arif , no more frothy upper - class murder cases in palm desert or beverly glen .
hell , maybe it 'll turn chester 's mill into palm springs . '
it was a pastoral painting of the jungle , with drooping palms and colorful flowers .
the jungle gave way to sporadic bunches of palm trees , and siri was surprised to see how much sand was mixed with the soil .
palms lined many of the streets and other foliage was common .
you 're a sword , vasher thought , not a palm tree .
he felt it plucking at his robes , bringing with it scents that had traveled hundreds of miles , crossed the ocean , twisting around palm trees and finally entering the court of gods .
parlin walked beside her , occasionally pausing to study ferns or palm trees .
deeper than it was wide , the building was bordered on either side with large palm trees , obscuring the view should someone try to spy from the neighboring buildings .
palms and ferns grew on every street , and exotic flowers bloomed everywhere year - round .
each sprouted a dozen different palms .
no need at all to tell him i had an apartment in beverly hills right now , in a quiet and leafy place , and maybe next year it would be palm springs out in the desert .
i loved the giant tree ferns and the soaring palm trees , their thin trunks wrapped in twinkling light .
i checked my pocket , found a valet ticket for my car , and i went downstairs , out through the lobby , and under the campanario , and gave the ticket to the valet along with a twenty - dollar bill and stood there , dazed , looking at everything as if i 'd never seen it before -- the campanario with its many bells , the zinnias blooming along the garden path , and those great slender palms rising upwards as though to point to the flawless blue sky .
he looked to me rather like a perfect human being , his wondering eyes drifting over the flowers and the high palms against the sky as if he was savoring everything .
` ` there was this great little tavern where you could get these terrific fermented date .. palm cocktails with nutmeg and crushed lemongrass .. ` ` ` ` i meant afterwards . ''
he guarded the doors with a diligence that bordered upon madness , never quite having lived down the evening when an entire floor 's worth of computer equipment upped and left , along with two potted palms and the managing director 's axminster carpet .
mr . figgis inspected their signatures and satisfied himself they had no computers , potted palms , or carpets about their persons , then he pressed a button under his desk , and the door slid open .
there was a stunted palm tree growing outside the place i was staying , and i resolved to walk for a way , keeping the tree in sight , to smoke my cigarette , perhaps even to think ; but i felt too drained to think .
i walked back to the place i was staying , to the house by the stunted palm tree , to wash myself and to wait .
dex came around the back of the car , took his date by the arm , and together they headed past the huge potted palms and down a brief tunnel toward a large rectangular patio open to the desert sky and bounded by a lush garden of the most magnificent crystal flora , emitting a blizzard of reflection .
this lasted until the day that fat charlie 's father , sitting out on their dilapidated porch swing , sipping his beer , noticed the dog as it ambled back and forth across the neighbor 's yard , on a leash that ran from a palm tree to a fence post .
there was nothing beyond this but a high fence , and , beyond that , a wilderness of trees and palms and greenery .
often fat charlie would wonder if the people on the beach in his imagination , watching the white fingers of the waves as they wriggled toward the shore , listening to the tropical birds whistling in the palm trees , whether they ever dreamed of being in england , in the rain , in a cupboard - sized room in a fifth - floor office , a safe distance from the dullness of the pure golden sand and the hellish boredom of a day so perfect that not even a creamy drink containing slightly too much rum and a red paper umbrella can do anything to alleviate it .
i had creaks in my joints , but now i ' m supple as a young palm tree , i ' m smooth as snake the morning after he sheds his skin .
he could see a pure blue sky , and swaying palm trees , a white gull high in the sky .
there were information conduits on saint andrews that fat charlie , who , on some level believed that coconut palms and cellular telephones ought to be mutually exclusive , had not expected .
the palm trees swayed above the unseen masses that flowed below them .
some of the homes were on stilts , as was typical of the apalai indians , while others built solely of palm thatch were home to the waiwai and tirios tribes .
in short order , tama was loaded on a stretcher of bamboo and palm fronds and placed in the canoe .
her heels began to beat at the palm fronds , then her thrashing spread through the rest of her body .
the floor was festooned with fan - tailed ferns , thorny bromeliads , graceful orchids , and slender palms , and everywhere around were draped the ubiquitous ropelike vines called lianas .
as nate stepped into the throng , he found anna fong and professor kouwe bent near a dugout canoe that had been pulled fully onto the bank and clumsily covered with palm fronds .
professor kouwe stood with a palm frond in his hand .
` ` these were torn from a mwapu palm . ''
both banks were thick with dense walls of vegetation : vines , palms , bushes , mosses , stranglers , and ferns .
she shoved off more of the palm fronds .
the professor had returned with an efficiently constructed backpack of palm leaves filled to the brim with wild yams .
the jungle ahead was clear of all but a few trees : short breadfruit palms , oranges , figs .
with a pack hastily constructed of palm leaves , he was already heading out into the forest to forage for edibles , accompanied by a sodden corporal jorgensen .
he reached the far wall , raised his machete , and began hacking through the woven palm and banana leaves .
one of the creatures sprang from its perch on the limb of a palm tree and bounded into the fire zone .
and of more menace , but appearing just as artificial due to its fluorescent - green scales , was a forest pit viper , wrapped and dangling from a palm frond .
upon the bole of a palm that leaned over the water was the now familiar strip of polyester cloth , nailed to the tree with a thorn .
nate grinned approvingly as he sculpted paddles from bamboo and dried palm fronds .
she spotted kouwe standing on the far side of the flames , waving a large palm frond over the fire , which had grown much smokier .
kouwe panted slightly and continued to waft his palm frond as he explained .
the jaguar was asleep under a palm , oblivious to the world after last night 's trek .
frogs leaped from boggy hummocks with loud splashes , and hoatzin birds , looking like some ugly cross between a turkey and a pterodactyl , screeched at them as they circled over their nests atop the palms that grew from the island hummocks .
` ` i can rig up a stretcher out of bamboo and palm fronds , '' kouwe said softly , touching kelly 's hand .
` ` silk cotton , laurels , figs , mahogany , rosewood , palms of every variety .
as a trained botanist , he gaped in disbelief at the riotous flora : stalked horsetails the size of organ pipes , ferns that dwarfed modern - day palms , massive primitive conifers with cones the size of vw bugs .
the structure was windowless , its door just a flap of woven palm leaves .
the room was aromatic with wood oils and dried palm thatch .
by now they had reached the tunnel exit , surrounded by a gallery of blue palm prints .
she was secured to a stake under a lean - to of woven palm leaves that deflected the gentle rain that now fell .
even mask took a few steps from the lean - to and sheltered under a neighboring palm .
at the edge of the beach , shadowed by the palms , stood men in camouflage gear with shouldered rifles .
she watched a version of igor up in a tree , cutting down palm fronds with his beak .
a thin strand of beach fringed a dark wall of forest , mostly palms and mangrove trees near the water with caribbean pines and walnuts up higher .
it struck the beach and exploded , throwing sand high and shredding a palm tree .
at last the forest broke apart into a scatter of palms and stretches of sand .
each pair hauled a sling of woven palm fronds between them .
the photo depicted palm trees and sandy white beaches .
because of their closeness in age and a shared wild nature , kara and safia had become fast friends ... sharing secrets at night , playing games among the date and palm trees , sneaking out to the cinema , whispering of their dreams under bedcovers .
stone walls and ancient buildings lay nestled up against a sweeping crescent bay of blue water , its white sand shoreline dotted by date palms .
in contrast , though , four large date palms dotted each corner , arched and shading a good portion of the garden .
he failed to notice the black - cloaked figure hanging in the deeper shadows cast by the wide leaves of the date palm that hung over the top of the wall .
ducking beneath the overhanging leaves of another palm , she crept more slowly toward a section of the palace ablaze with light .
cassandra reached a spot along the wall where another date palm rose from within the walled compound .
they passed a line of roadside stands , sheltered under palm trees , selling dates , coconuts , and grapes .
the saddles , double vises of wood over palm thatch , offered little cushioning , positioned on the animals ' withers in front of the hump .
two date palms guarded over it .
one of the palms grew close to the mosque 's wall , shadowing the roof 's edge .
if he could scale the palm ... reach the roof ...
` ` that cluster of date palms . ''
and the ubiquitous date palms climbed high .
below the fortress , a busy town had prospered : merchants hawked wares of handcrafted pottery , dyed cloths , wool rugs , olive oil , palm beer , date wine ; stonemasons labored to build higher walls ; and throughout the town , dogs barked , camels brayed , and children ran among the stalls , bright with laughter .
to either side , date palms swayed , and in the distance , an inviting sapphire blue pool .
the only reason omaha was still alive was that the iron - and - glass statue of the palm holding the sphere in the courtyard 's center had blocked a direct shot into the entrance .
palm trees dotted the garden median dividing the city from the water .
at the back , a lone palm tree rose , its crown brushing against the glass roof , some fronds yellowing in neglect .
gray was so focused on the path , that when he ducked under the heavy frond of a palm leaf he suddenly found himself staring at a guard only four yards away .
his gun was already rising , as he 'd been alerted by the shuffle of the palm tree .
giant palms rose from the central floor and crowned toward the glass roof .
the helicopter roared past overhead , low , its rotor wash whipping palm fronds .
here , the land turned greener with date palms and tilled fields , nestling a small township of thatched huts .
thorny weeds grew from cracks , a few steps away a large open cistern threatened a nasty fall , and a couple of scraggly date palms sprouted from an old garden patch .
we also were urged to eat a bit of raw meat upon a palm leaf which upon closer sight and taste was some form of sweetbread .
a natural coved amphitheater had been carved out of the reddish - black rock , roofed over with thick palm thatching .
her escort had also woven a temporary shelter of thatched palm leaves overhead , keeping their mistress dry .
giant palm trees shaded the walls , shrouding the massive eighty - foot - tall gate .
kowalski stared into the dense forest of palms and bamboo .
the stone causeway here was a ruin of jumbled blocks , studded with giant date palms and more of the silk - cotton trees with their snaking tangles of roots .
the nearby village lay dark along the beach , storm - damaged with stripped roofs , downed palm trees , and beaches littered with overturned skiffs and debris .
its waters glinted like blue steel in the bright sunlight , lined by palms .
he darted out as soon as there was enough space and ducked to the left , where a waist - high planter supported a dwarf palm tree .
with his weapon already raised through the palm leaves , he squeezed the trigger and dropped the first man with a headshot .
she had obtained the ceo 's full records , including a palm print .
in israel , botanists grew a date palm from a seed that was over two thousand years old .
` ` in solomon 's temple , this chamber was decorated with carvings of cherubim , flowers , and palm trees .
their hotel neighbored palm jumeirah , an artificial archipelago in the shape of a palm tree , so large it could be seen from space .
` ` because of the breakwater around utopia , the same as can be seen out the window surrounding the palm islands . ''
to gray 's left , the giant trunk of the artificial palm - shaped island stretched two kilometers to shore , sparkling in the night with hotels and residences , divided by an eight - lane motorway .
each engineered palm frond was a mile long , lined by villas and mansions .
and two more palm projects were in development , each bigger than the next ; the largest would be seven times the size of palm jumeirah .
a pool of light cast by the sub 's headlamps illuminated the dark waters around the vessel as it coasted away from palm jumeirah .
atop this massive foundation , whose upper surface lay submerged to the depth of five meters , the same engineering techniques that built palm jumeirah were employed here : laying down a thick base of massive boulders on top of the platform , then flooding and covering it with dredged sand and compacting it all to the hardness of concrete .
gray had his team assemble beneath a grove of palms planted at the edge of the dark pond .
gently rolling hills spread outward , covered in manicured lawns and dotted by other stands of palm trees .
the moon had set while they crossed the greens , hurrying from one patch of palms to another .
kowalski finally pushed past a grove of palms , struggling to pull a small vest over his wide shoulders .
dangerous debris floated everywhere : spare lumber , plastic trash buckets , even a toppled palm , still potted in its crate .
the driver screamed , yanked the wheel , and , in a panic , drove the boat at full speed into an uprooted , floating palm tree .
the knife - thin blades of areca palm fronds spilled up and out from dozens of hydroponic planters .
they were flying aboard an mv-22 osprey , courtesy of the marine corps air ground combat center at twentynine palms , , outside of los angeles .
the wall across from the bookshelves was a masterful mural of a beach - palm trees , green water over dark reefs , white sand , a sky that went on forever .
they crossed ocean avenue to a narrow park with paved paths , green lawns , and lots of palm trees .
bracken led them inland from the beach through a grove of tall palm trees .
the road dipped down toward an oasis lake a few blocks to cinder 's right , both sides lined with thriving palm trees - trees that looked too alive for a town that hung with desertion .
palm trees ?
the breeze beneath a palm 's canopy .
` ` blue as the sky , and surrounded by grasses and maybe a few dozen trees ... palm trees , i think .
two sheets had been hung up for privacy and there was a young palm tree to balance on while cress relieved herself .
a crop of palm trees in front of her glowed orange in the fluttering firelight and she heard the burst and crackle of sparks , but the noise seemed far away .
most of the buildings are made out of stone , or maybe clay , and they 're kind of a tan , peachy color , and the whole city is surrounded by a tall stone wall , and there are a lot of palms on all the streets .
leaving the market lanes behind , they passed through a worn gate into a courtyard garden , filled with more palms and a tree with big yellow fruits hanging from its branches .
the palms had a vaguely greenish hue to them .
he looked around at the winter - dispirited palm trees and the muddy pond that lay at the center of the cluster of white houses .
he looked around at the few white - walled houses shaded by low palm trees .
he carefully imagined a desert oasis - an artesian - fed pond with its surrounding palms and flat - roofed white houses .
it was at such a spring , where crystal water came purling out of a rocky slope to gather in an azure pool surrounded by palm trees , that the shade of a black - armoured pandion knight visited them .
sephrenia lay on a blanket in the shade of the palms .
six tall palm trees sat in alternating black and white pots at the perimeter of the room , each with its own gas lamp shining on it .
i got off my bike and leaned it against a palm tree , motioning for rob and winky to stay there with it ; but winky ignored me and left her bike with rob , following me a couple paces back .
as in , from palm beach . ''
from palm beach . ''
after five minutes of trying , she came , but only as close as the nearest palm tree .
peter was awake , lying in his bed and staring up at the roof of branches and palm fronds overhead .
i answered him , looking up at the ceiling of the chickee hut , appreciating how the branches and palm fronds were put together so tightly that they kept the rain from getting through , even without roof tiles , shingles , or tar .
i checked buster and he seemed happy , his chin hanging over the edge of the trailer and his ears flicking forward and back from time to time as he caught sounds coming from birds or the wind in power lines or palms .
to my exhausted brain and newly washed and relaxed body , it almost seemed liked i was falling asleep by the beach , resting in the shade of a palm and listening to the sound of the waves .
we halt in a lavishly decorated lobby ( thick ivory carpet that , to my fascination , bursts with swirls of color wherever i put my feet down ; rows of potted palms ; a curved glass wall displaying bright ads and what seem like interactive stations for things i do n't understand ) .
two servants bring out trays of food ( a salad with real strawberries , and exquisitely roasted pork belly with hearts of palm ) , while two others place fresh white cloth napkins across our laps and pour champagne into our glasses .
anden cuts into a heart of palm on his plate .
so i collected ribbons of bark from local palm trees , then got a couple of sticks and rubbed them together to create enough friction to ... no not really .
above were the twin tracks of the duorail and the tops of thick - bearded palm trees .
a slight wind rustles the newly planted palm trees that line the pristine road .
along with the occasional bursts of red and yellow flowers , the palms lend the community a tropical feel .
the pool area is a showpiece , with a waterfall cascading into a curvaceous pool and a gleaming patio area studded with palm trees and adorned with fragrant tropical flowers .
blue sky showed over the palm trees and pastel - painted one - storey houses that ran alongside larrimore road .
family homes flanked by palm trees , trucks , and cars were everywhere , as were the lengthening shadows of approaching evening .
looking back to the street and the houses she was separated from by the boles of palm trees , sarah thought again about shouting or screaming for help .
she dodged and ran through the shade of the palm trees , gaining ground on the shouting , squabbling girls behind her .
looking down at herself , she saw that she was dirty and stained from the fight but the dirt was that of the palm tree grove and the fairground , not this place .
i could only imagine the foliage of palms and oleander , vastly different from the pines and oak trees i had been catching glimpses of in my travels ; and now cactus in texas .
only a palm frond !
the bar had a vintage dcor with exposed brick , aged paint , and rustic palm trees .
travel between the continents is possible , but the amount of red tape you have to cut through and the palms you have grease along the way make it next to impossible for all but the very wealthy .
his squire , a blond of the north with untold sins awaited him beneath the palm fronds of the servants lean - to .
from astrology to crypto - zoology , and from ancient zoroastrian myths to the palm readers in the blues district , i investigated everything .
eli how many palm scepters do you think we should take ?
zoey told her about palm scepters and even though she had one , she did nt know how to use it .
the green palm trees against the black sand and the turquoise colored water , everything looked like it vibrated with color .
come , she said turning towards the swaying palm trees .
the black sand trail curved through the forest of palm trees that had evenly spaced smaller palms growing under the canopy .
the black sand trail curved through the forest of palm trees that had evenly spaced smaller palms growing under the canopy .
some were working in what i would call the gardens under the palm trees , while others passed by us on the wide staircase leading upward .
finally , we reached a flat area with the large canopy of palms overhead and buildings scattered throughout were constructed of black sand .
he drew in a deep breath and motioned for me to sit on a bench that sat in a circle of palm trees .
we sat rubbing each others hand and peering into the clear water with colorful stones at the bottom and the sound of the wind rustling the tall palm trees overhead .
jasper said we could stay in the guest building in the gardens , she said motioning towards the tall palm trees .
they were wrapped in a large palm leaf .
yet there were only the sounds of every night : the rolling crash of surf on the beach , soothing , repetitive ; and a hissing rattle that flapped around their hut like a clumsy birdthe wind clattering the palms .
the trees were smaller : mainly palms , the only species capable of rooting into the thin topsoil and leaf mold covering the volcanic rock and coral so close to shore .
at the shore , the shahiroh pulled away the dry palm leaves covering her canoe .
a few silent steps and i draw closer to a butterfly palm , flourishing in an aged ceramic pot fixed in the sunny corner .
soon to be launched , maxxs restaurant sits on a beach , shaded by palms and secluded by the surrounding lush country scenery .
despite the brisk air blowing from the river behind , the palm trees , and tropical flowers are as still as the statues and sculptures .
* * * john , with a glass of whiskey in his hand , strolls past the potted butterfly palm as he comes in my direction .
with the bright sunlight shining through the high windows , the two cream sofas casually placed , wide coffee table set on the african rug , and a couple of potted butterfly palms on either side , the room feels as if the outside is inside .
the row of palm trees seems blurry now as i increase the speed , but the blazing sun hitting on the center of my helmet - less head , forces me to slow down .
the eye of hurricane gary twisted closer to shore , and their new home , palm grove , stood right in its path .
something about where the surge would be at its worst , and palm grove was right in the middle of it .
her father revved the truck up as a palm frond flew off a thrashing tree and plastered itself to the windshield .
i grew up here in palm grove , but when she was a baby he pointed to janellemy wife wanted to move north to help her parents .
gary has made landfall in the palm grove area and has weakened to a category one storm with estimated winds of up to eighty miles per hour .
much of palm grove looked like a bomb had exploded right above it .
* * * * * the cool shade of a palm tree washed over janelle as her father parked beside it .
or maybe the mundane was true and leslie was right , that the gray spiral was a rare gene floating around the palm grove area after all .
of course , hurricane gary made one of the slots , with two deaths already reported from the storm surge south of palm grove .
so you live in palm grove ?
palm trees flew past outside and fluffy clouds cast huge , moving shadows on the ground .
serena chatted about the palm grove high school and which teachers were going to suck .
you told me you lived in palm grove , so this had to be your school .
downtown palm grove stretched out in front of her with its shops and hangouts .
she pictured crashing waves and palm trees bending under a fierce wind .
janelle looked around at downtown palm grove , pausing for a second to stare at the alley she 'd hidden in earlier .
* * * * * janelles feet ached and burned by the time they got to palm grove high school .
her dad had grown up in palm grove , so there was a good chance her teacher at had least heard of him .
she had n't seen any trace of the black van following them once they 'd left palm grove , but andrina might have figured out they were headed to an airport and made a lucky guess .
they might have even known each other if mr . deville had grown up in the palm grove area .
her feet slapped against the pavement as they neared deons car , a little gold one under a palm tree .
she looked past garys messy hair and ahead at the palm trees , blue skies , and pink buildings as they rolled through traffic .
ahead , a conical island covered in palm trees rose from the ocean .
janelle shuddered and focused on the approaching palm trees .
all the really deadly ones were in places with palm trees .
the shadows of palm fronds bobbed up and down on the walls .
palm trees lined the beach , and in the distance , green mountains dotted with color towered high into the sky .
coconut palms dotted the sand , and the sweet scent of flowers wafted in the breeze .
mike placed his hand on the rough bark of a palm tree .
jack took a thin piece of driftwood and poked through a mound of dried mud on the side of a palm tree .
at the first sign of a plane or helicopter , well smother them with palm leaves so they ll smoke up good .
* * * jack placed piles of palm leaves next to each of the three fires .
palm fronds and tree bark sounded kind of itchy , though , and sharing my bed with freakish bugs that would latch onto my skin and suck me dry of every red blood cell in my bodywell , that was nt going to happen either .
a form of thick canvas sheeting had been made from shredded and woven palm leaves , whereas walls were generally constructs of a lattice work of wooden strips supported by a timber frame .
they were approaching a grove of palm trees , the shade looking very much desirable in the heat .
ashton abandoned the tracks , pushing through palm bushes and into the security of the palm trees , all packed together , covering a decently large area .
ashton abandoned the tracks , pushing through palm bushes and into the security of the palm trees , all packed together , covering a decently large area .
jesse hoped they could nt see them , so deep within the palm trees .
when ashton seemed satisfied they were nt being followed , he led the way out of the palm tree forest and back down to the tracks .
jesse halted a few steps ahead of him and followed his gaze , but he saw nothing but the palm tree forest behind them and the sand that stretched onward to no end .
the tree closest to them was tall , with a greenish - brown , smooth trunk and broad leaves that ended in a sort of ruffle , like palm leaves but different .
they are almost like monkeys , jackson pointed out , just like these trees are almost like palm trees .
a weekend at bing crosbys house out in palm springs .
one need only recline peacefully on the stone ledge that we raised around it , and reach in for a palm full of the cleanest , coolest water you could hope to find in this cesspit .
a few alcoves were carved into the walls along the walkway with either half naked statues or groups of palms that covered the alcove .
she nods , admiring the cascading waterfall , the bubbling jacuzzi , the potted palms and the brand new pavers dad had put in the minute word came back that he d finally gotten his new promotion .
not quite , he answers , finding one of those sleek flarp video cameras strategically planted on a camouflage tripod in the new potted palm right next to the hot tub .
as she made the turn up kims sidewalk , addy noticed palm trees peeking up outside the walls of the estate .
further ahead was an area with bushes and a couple of palm trees .
the palm trees were wrapped in white lights from top to bottom .
pearl harbor by the look of the palms and the sign there , max said .
the towels spread in the shade of two palm trees provided a place for us to sit .
julian , who had already stepped out of the water , bent to pick up his shirt and returned to our makeshift oasis under the palms .
chapter 20 a call from the police the midsummer rustled the palm leaves over my head .
petunia fertile ridge fertile stone fertile coral infertile rosemary fertile ash infertile fisher fertile rosebud fertile violet infertile palm - infertile petals infertile thorn - fertile lily infertile the names continued to be called , but i had stopped listening .
our people will say a man who have tasted palm wine wo nt call a man who have drunken palm wine to stupor a drunkard because he too have tasted of its sweetness .
our people will say a man who have tasted palm wine wo nt call a man who have drunken palm wine to stupor a drunkard because he too have tasted of its sweetness .
esu came from behind and planted something in him without him knowing and he got so thirsty , that he drank a whole river of palm wine and he got drunk and slept off .
in front of the house no wait , not house , its a mansion there are tons of colorful flowers , and palm trees .
the palm trees are moving too .
somewhere nice and remote , where their children and grandchildren can frolic in the sun and the waves , while hundreds of highly trained agents stand at attention behind palm trees and speak into their leis .
crossing over the hilltop , looking for a place to rest he pierced the sands around him with the tall stick he carried , in hope to define a space , rest awhile in the shade of a stand of old palms that crowned the dune .
pressing back the loosened cloth , he looked up to the shadowed old palms , their broken plumes hanging to swing in what breeze would cross this desolation .
he sat exhausted in the shade of broken palms ; their brittle crooked fingers locked in anguish for this land no longer blessed .
undisturbed by the astonished inspiration of spellbound onlookers engaged by such unexpected magic , the riders guided the birds to circle the tigris and euphrates river banks ; following groves of date palms whose ripened fruit flashed like jewels to grace their shores .
without looking up , the tall thin man of stone beckoned layth to approach but in the way of dreams layth fell away into waves of scented wild flowers ; rippling blossoms kissing the feet of palms that had fallen like defeated soldiers .
more than a decade had passed since that strange , terrible night which surfaced only at times like this when half asleep , dazed by shards of sun or moonlight cutting through palm fronds or bedroom shutters , would layth slip off into recurring dream - like flights of vulnerability , held to worlds of tears and goodbyes .
he stood for a moment reclaiming the staff ; senses trembling as he leaned down to touch what lay on the ground , half exposed to the days light , projecting from a pile of stones and desiccated palm fronds .
he pointed towards the hilltop crowned by a stand of yellowed palm trees leaning defeated by years of blistering heat .
the old stand of dry palm trees stood alone surrounded by grasses and debris .
old palm leaves mixed with sand lifted by unknowable forces curled , curving into a great shelled dome , its rounded roof cutting the light of day .
with brighter potentials thus spoken , the old man looked to the palms ; surveying the bleak hilltop .
the stand of old palm stalks , long dead , offered its protection from the weight of the sun .
silence lay heavily , sealing them within the shadow of the palms touch .
above them the date palms began to shiver in the cooling breeze ; swaying to shake away deaths long embrace , their stalks releasing years of desert heats as they danced with newness of life .
neither had dreamt so vividly before ; one desert world abandoned , they journeyed with souls touching to wake in another shadowed beneath limbered palm fronds .
clinging to the coast , flashing below them were histories of lush green ; pearls of lustrous fruit - dappled palm treasures .
buried under them , deep within the dune a coolness was born of shade dripping from palm fronds rich with new life .
under these old dried palms we have experienced things unbelievable .
since they had woken together on the shores of the dreamlands guarded by the hilltop palms , layth had felt a greater bond with his grandfather .
the blistering heat that had earlier sprung from the earth to plague layth and his grandfather escaped to surface the path shifting beneath their feet ; crumbling earth defying each step the four took towards the stand of palms .
eyes to the ground , the four watched compromised feet disappear in the dust of stones rattling the slope , breaking away from sandals to rise dancing into a wall of tiny earth particles feinting desolation at the hill top ; wispy images of old palms drawn closer into view .
invisible force sought to fire the toll of heat ; startling expectations snaking up legs to impress upon confusion ; keeping from them the life of new green swaying atop palm stalks that bowed in reverence to layth and his grandfather .
defeated , each sank into their own , emptiness creeping into the stalks of waving palms that held vigil over failure .
furtive words sweeping a hollowed bed within the dune bade the elder take his grandson and the taller boy leading them to the sandy embankment soon to find themselves buried beneath a blanket of broken twigs and palm bits .
power and creed believed undeniable would be overturned by simple truth revealing lessons discovered by the bedouin boy ; revelations found deep beneath living roots of dead palms .
charm swathed in palm blood drew out answers staining riddles meant only for the cover of gathering fire nights .
trusting his luck to the protection of the curtain he risked to flee the village crawling from dune to brush to boulder uncertain about the power the strangers wielded , fearing to expose those who waited for him under the stand of palms .
listen to the whispers of palm branches bearing revelation .
the hours passed on a hilltop protected , palm shadows filled to overflowing with unparalleled magic left him numb , staggering from vision to vision , chained in a world layth believed to be pinnacles of dreams .
like limbs of dying palms , they had snapped in decay over centuries under the weight of delicately inscribed wisdom .
the boy spoke of the tunnel tight to his arms , legs stretched behind him , taking him past the intricately carved black shells of the shaft to spill him to light in a chamber blazoned with diamond spheres ; another world of treasures revealed so vast as to eclipse even the visions which dazzled the journeys taken beneath the palms that day .
he clicks his fingers and a guy materializes from behind one of the potted palms .
he looks away quickly ( he s not supposed to acknowledge me , after all ) and makes a break for it , trying to duck behind one of the potted palms .
brians mother was wearing a yellow , sleeveless shirt with dozens of red and green palm trees printed on it at crazy angles .
it showed a green island studded with palm trees and ringed by white beaches .
to his right he saw a group of plastic palm trees , sun - dried and cracking and starting to fall apart .
before long they disappeared completely into the surrounding forest of leafy vegetation , twisted mangroves and tall palms .
viktor dove behind a short palm tree with spikes covering every inch of the trunk .
he lives in palm hills estates .
we do nt have cameras on the streets in neighborhoods like palm hills estates .
almost there , said corey as manicured lawns of palm hills estates came into view just ahead .
his collection was in a warehouse past palm hills estates , south of the lake .
the police always arrived quickly in palm hills estates .
aliahs palms grew sticky .
shais palms grew moist .
by his food dishes , his litter box , the potted palm which he used as a litter box if i did nt clean the actual one fast enough .
its not a beach with a palm tree , but its also not here .
i not seen palm like yours een long time .
palm trees and broad - leafed rainforest plants bordered the river .
he tapped the brakes and skidded around a median planted with palm trees .
the lava monster walked through it , igniting the palm trees like torches .
he reached the far end of the street , turned the corner , then stepped under the wispy shade of a palm tree .
ben led them up a hill into a forest of palm trees , pausing often to let them catch up .
thunder rumbled nearby , and lightning flashed , throwing crazy shadows through the palm trees .
the fallen palm had been scrambled .
outside the stone circle , palm trees bent and snapped .
she looked up at the tall palm trees , their fronds moving softly in the breeze .
it was surrounded by palm trees and lush landscaping .
stepping up a few steps and down another one , turning right and then left , we weave through a jungle of low palms .
but mr . palmer explained that it was french , for people who came back from the holy land with palm leaves .
at a waterhole pullawarra digs up a small palm plant that s growing beside the water .
every day the women set fire to small area of forest , then quickly beat the flames out with giant palm leaves before the fire can get out of control .
the pool is sparkling crystal clear and blue and the palm trees are swaying gently in the breeze .
palm - like trees swept a bit of shade over the stone walkways , and the aisles all led to the same place , a high tower which looked out over the subjects and into the blazing desert sun .
the shoreline came into view as he passed through the palm trees .
they d taken a few short steps into the palm tree line when she stumbled , oh , my ankle .
coconut palms lined the sides of the lane and towered over them .
there were huge , colorful anemones , giant clams , coral the size of palm trees , hundreds of colorful fish , and towering sculptures all set in front of the most amazing castle shed ever seen .
how she missed the sunshine , the beaches , the towering palms , the sweetgums and pepper trees .
too bad we do nt have one of those servants with the palm fronds waving .
a large blow - up palm tree left over from a tropical - themed party from 7th grade stood in a corner , and her heroes , olympic swimmers missy franklin , michael phelps , and ryan lochte smiled down at her from the walls .
to her left , palm trees swayed in the late afternoon breeze , and to her right , small waves washed up on the beach in a steady rhythm .
it had two rows of eight posts each supporting a roof structure covered on palm fronds .
the entire lagoon was surrounded by palm trees , giving it some shade in the hot , tropical sun .
the cooking fires here are lit often , enough that you only have to put some coconut hair here , see , and wave a palm leaf .
she watched the scene unfold in front of her with curiosity and took a few shots of some palm trees .
along the way the sight of the palm trees and the scent of the tropical flowers permeated him , and , overcome with emotion , he stopped more than once to dab his eyes .
* * * * * * lizzies breath grew louder in her ears as they thundered through the undergrowth , struggling uphill along the non - existent path ; pushing aside the large flat palm leaves that swatted at them as they passed .
it has changed into the shell of a palm chain .
yachel fingernail writes ... do you like the palm chain ?
i like the palm chain best .
lugina has two earrings with two little tiny gem stones maybe i can have two palm chains with two gem stones .
the biosphere are listed as cameroon , zimbabwe , chad and ghana which produces yams , oil palms , coffee , teff , finger millet , peas , lentil , cotton , watermelon , gourds , wild animal population of goats , oxen and cattle , sorghum and rice and gold and copper in the mines and spices and no lions , elephants , tigers or hyenas and cheetahs , deer , camels and giraffes , apes and monkeys .
four royal palm trees stand on either side of the oak front doors , and plants that looks like weeds blanket the beds below them .
there s a large brick - paved roundabout and in the center stands a handful of washington palms , surrounded by yellow and blue flowers that i do nt know the names of .
anthony swerves around a black convertible so fast that the palm trees that line the trail pass by in a blur .
he was lying on a beach towel , under the shade of a giant palm tree , in hawaii .
it stretched out for miles in both directions , lined by vibrant green palm trees and people basking in the late evening sun .
surrounding each archway between the double doors the moon artists have fashioned three dimensional colored flower bushes , tall brown palm trees and short grasslets made of shiny ceramic colored moon dust which never dies or overgrows into your sewer system .
the man wore board shorts with brilliantly colored toucans printed all over them , and a t - shirt picturing a surfer wearing equally loud board shorts , sitting under a palm tree with waves in the background .
cooling soft wind , palm trees in the hundreds , sunshine on my back , bicycling to work was the definition of peaceful .
their driver explained , as they covered the short journey to the petrus stuyvesant hotel right in the heart of the historic centre of the city that the rainy season was dripping to an end ; that the weather usually associated with palm trees , sandy beaches and glittering blue sea , would soon return to suriname .
having stopped at a spring of bitter water at marah , the israelites had carried on towards elim , where there were twelve springs of water and seventy palm trees .
elim is an ancient word for gods , the great mother goddess asherah giving birth to seventy divine children and twelve gods , her symbols being those of the palm and the spring .
naked , she sometimes holds in each hand not serpents but palm leaves , as all those eating from her tree will find wisdom and life .
inactive volcanoes and tall palm trees overlook our home from a distance .
there are palm fronds all around .
the next tradition involved nwanyi offering palm wine to her husband , but in this case ikenna had agreed to mango juice instead .
it was near the airport , which would have reassured him , with palm trees that could have been found in houston and the familiar red logo clearly displayed .
but that is precisely what i was doing on the morning of june 23 , as the sun climbed ever higher over the port at benidorm and the palm tree - lined waterfront began to fill up with tourists , as well as the soon - to - be - successful entrepreneurs who rely upon them .
meanwhile , twenty kilometers west , among the undulating , palm - lined fairways of la blanca golf and country club , people were considerably more active .
even though the city has more skyscrapers per capita than anywhere in europe some of the locals sarcastically nicknamed it beniyork years ago , after new york it also has local planning regulations that require a certain relief space around each building , usually with palm trees .
the city was hot already , even though it was just over 10 a.m. , and palm trees that sprouted along and between various streets and boulevards were still .
the hottest days on the costa blanca came when the wind died to nothing , the palm trees along the boulevard sitting perfectly still .
he lived in a small one story house with a palm tree in the yard .
half - running down a brick path , close to the house into the backyard , i saw a jacuzzi surrounded by large potted palm trees .
palm trees sat at either end , welcoming new arrivals , saying goodbye to those who were on their way to some destination not as nice or hip as the famous french city .
palm trees lined the manicured grass in front of the building .
two nubian males , each a clear arms length taller than he , shaded his head with palm leaves as he walked .
the flat sun - stroked landscape of the valley flew by , endless stretches of ranch style houses , palm trees and concrete with spanish sounding place names : ventura , alameda , camarillo .
which , for asael , reaching out to touch anyone other than me or bridie would have been like a palm tree reaching out to touch a passing bird !
chapter 16 allies sunday , sunset : the air softening and sweetening ; the palm trees sighing with relief .
still , it seemed to me that palms must keep many more secrets than they reveal .
when claudio entered the stone - walled harbor district of megaris , dotted with palms , he sawas he expectedthat his fleet awaited them .
an airy walkway of red pointed arches led into a garden : blossoming pink myrtles , purple saffron crocus , fig trees and date palms combining into an intoxicating aroma .
he followed the paved road , past the lofty palms .
the treacherous imperial council could live out their wormlike existences in luxury among the khazidean palms the morning light woke him .
the hotels in that part of sochi were grandiose , with columns and mosaic floors , and gardens planted with palm trees and exotic flowers .
the food was put in two bundles and wrapped with large palm leaves .
the scent of jasmine was strong in the air and palm trees clattered and whispered .
they left the merchants stalls , a bundle of foodstuff wrapped in palm leaves under ropl du mehs arm .
a palm swayed and clattered overhead and shaded the area .
califia watched him select the snack and place it on a palm leaf .
coconut palms and bamboo clumps seemed very much in place here , a backdrop of misty and smoke covered hills .
passing through countryside which was dotted in coconut palms and small fields of rice and corn , stands of bananas , papaya and possibly peanuts or whatever plant that choose that place to put its feet into , knowing it would grow and yield .
they came to this place on the back of a truck , listening to music in the background , signed a confession or their death warrant , then were blindfolded and led to the side of a hole in the ground to become silenced with the edge of a hoe , a length of pipe , their throat slit by a serrated edge of a palm frond taken from a palm growing nearby to prevent them making any sound , the palm coming from the earth , and supplying the means to take people back into the earth , those thrown in still alive and dying , music blearing in the background hiding any cries from those still waiting .
they came to this place on the back of a truck , listening to music in the background , signed a confession or their death warrant , then were blindfolded and led to the side of a hole in the ground to become silenced with the edge of a hoe , a length of pipe , their throat slit by a serrated edge of a palm frond taken from a palm growing nearby to prevent them making any sound , the palm coming from the earth , and supplying the means to take people back into the earth , those thrown in still alive and dying , music blearing in the background hiding any cries from those still waiting .
they came to this place on the back of a truck , listening to music in the background , signed a confession or their death warrant , then were blindfolded and led to the side of a hole in the ground to become silenced with the edge of a hoe , a length of pipe , their throat slit by a serrated edge of a palm frond taken from a palm growing nearby to prevent them making any sound , the palm coming from the earth , and supplying the means to take people back into the earth , those thrown in still alive and dying , music blearing in the background hiding any cries from those still waiting .
shrubs like the ginger family , heliconia , cordyline and clumping palms with some lily or grass families aligning the edges .
he walked away from the canal toward a village set within coconut palms and cassia trees , some in golden flower .
here he was now within a place , a place beside fields of rice and tree canopied laneways , of thatched houses tucked away within trees and coconut palms , bananas , papaya and mango , the sun strong on the ground , and shadows dark under the canopy .
he has always wanted to go to borneo to see the orang - utan , and the jungles before they disappeared under palm oil plantations .
sri lanka is a country to visit for its bountifulness and tranquil scenery of coconut palms and rice paddies , and quaint houses scattered along its roads and into the fields .
luxurious living by the sea in a good balanced climate , and a place where the hotel guests from their room could look out to sea in front and turn around to look at rice paddies , coconut palms and luxurious forests of the inland .
along the way to sandakan , their bus passed through tens of thousands of acres or thousands of hectares of palm oil plantations , these stretching to the horizon on either side of the highway , illustrating a single plant species covering complete hillsides and lining every gully .
the original forest cover had been ravaged for timber logs so it seemed logical to remove what vegetation remained for palm oil , but endemic plants unknown to mankind , possibly lost , and habitat for fauna , including the orang - utan , gone forever .
their habitat continues to be taken as trees fall to loggers , followed by the ubiquitous palm oil plant .
he hired a separate car and told the driver he wanted to visit a palm oil plantation and its mill , to which the driver responded positively , and wil conned his way past the gatekeeper to inspect its operation .
palm oil comes from the palm seed pod being crushed , boiled then separated from its pulp to become a fluid for further separation to make a concentrate trucked to the port at sandakan ; an efficient operation and impressive to someone unfamiliar with the manufacturing process .
palm oil comes from the palm seed pod being crushed , boiled then separated from its pulp to become a fluid for further separation to make a concentrate trucked to the port at sandakan ; an efficient operation and impressive to someone unfamiliar with the manufacturing process .
ironically one place he visited had strong sheng or auspicious chi exhibited in filtered light and shadow , arching palm fronds , clean trunks and the ground bare .
besides , after visiting borodudur and driving to mount merapi , the rural countryside with its rice paddies and coconut palms provide intoxicating scenery and that of dreams of tropical paradise .
the sun not even up midway behind the clumps of thick banyans which grew parasite - like interspersed among the tall palms , when kama maras youngest daughter came , in turn , to play her role .
these constitute the three tipitaka ( literally baskets , as the sayings written on palm leaves were carried about in woven baskets . )
gotama left the company , and turning in , off the main road , entered and walked slowly through a grove of bananas and slender palms to arrive at a fine village home .
that s a palm leaf .
perhaps waiting one more life before hearing dr . palms explanation was for the best .
her palm tungsten e had arrived in the mail the previous friday .
she pulls the piece of paper out of her purse where shed stuffed it and then taps the palms screen as she inputs two events per lawyer : one to find the phone number and one to call them .
palm leaves rustled in the breeze and the slight rolling of the surf on the beaches all around them was relaxing .
light occasionally shimmered through the palm grass that made up the walls , and the aromatic smell of baking lingered in the air .
the long pause was accentuated by rustling of the palm leaves above the island home and the lapping of the surf in the background .
many writings are copies of original clay tablets , palm leaves and wooden slabs .
he marked the girl 's progress past the tall palms , the hibiscus , and the bushes with the dark green leaves whose name he either never learned , or could nt remember .
the largest picture was a group of laughing and smiling men , dressed in vacation clothes , posing under a coconut palm outside a hotel .
amys enclosed palms were moist .
excerpt from profile of evil he pulled up in front of a two - story gray house in a nice neighborhood with palm trees lining the streets .
crushed seashells crunched under my feet , palmetto bushes , palm and almond trees , and many species of tropical flowers bordered the path .
nearing the harbor , i eased off to the side and crouched under small palm trees surrounded by bougainvillea shrubs in full bloom .
it never occurred to me someone would be among the palm fronds and bougainvillea doing the same thing i was doing .
completely isolated from the rest of the harbor , it is surrounded by casuarina pines , palm trees , and palmetto bushes .
a large palm tree central to the atrium giving a sense cover for the people sitting beneath it .
i look to the east and see biscayne bay situated to my right , tucked between high - rise condos and palm trees .
the view petered out beyond the swimming pool gazebo , the lawn receding rapidly into grey mist , the last markers two palm trees .
the beach glistened white in the light , the palms rustling gently in the evening onshore breeze .
she ran into the palms lining the beach.and disappeared .
he listened for her but all he could hear was the rustling of the palms and the gentle surf of the south china sea curling up onto the beach .
the house was one of four along the overlook , each separated by a near - jungle of underbrush and palms , each worth millions .
deciding to take a walk to clear his mind and more properly focus on the problem at hand , he left his office in the prefecture and walked towards the recently restored 18th century garden j`nan sbil with its palm tree lined walks , a lake and various fountains .
breathing the fresh air he slowly walked past the water - wheel and observed several park workers exchanging gossip about the rising price of bread as well as a young couple strolling side - by - side between the palms in the early morning light , probably whispering terms of undying love before heading off to school or work .
i have reserved a table at a friends greek restaurant in charleston , actually on a beach called the isle of palms , slightly north of the city .
sprawled across the palm fringed beach were the words this is the life .
the breeze carried the salt air ahead of them and the palm leaves whispered overhead .
on the palms and phalanges the ridges were greasy and pink - red , and flecked with textile fibres and grit .
in a few minutes you ll see palm springs coming up , then hell head us south over the salton sea .
the idiot was mayor of palm springs which is just north of the sea .
it was smooth and cool to the touch , and the symbols carved on it looked like an archaic depiction of wind , or possibly palm trees , if he held it at the right angle .
over half a million people would be dead from lake clarke to palm springs all the way to miami and in surrounding areas .
one of the overhanging palm trees had collapsed and wobbled torn with the swell of the waves .
attentively he looked down to the atoll screening for damage , but at first sight the storm had only uproot a handful of palm trees .
* * * chapter 12 the flexible stems of the palm trees lulled softly the hammock in which jackie had dozed off .
iveta saw left and right the abundant green of banana - trees , bread trees and palms .
neatly aligned palm trees provided some shade for the garden workers perfecting the landscape .
an armed guard stood unobtrusively next to a potted palm tree to our left .
a few buildings nestled into a jungle of palm trees surrounded by white sand beaches , the deep blue sea and a brilliant sky of blue as well .
looking outside the window , i always thought arkansas would look like a desert from one of those palm desert magazines .
author blog : http : //sarabartonmysteries.blogspot.com author twitter : @ bartonmysteries author fb fan page : sarabartonmysteries author email : sarabartonmysteries @ gmail.com enjoy other sara m. barton characters : deputy gabby grimm in the gabby grimm fairy tale mysteries fbi agent henry hartman and wife / artist sydney stansfield in the off - the - books mysteries cia officer ben and wife bea in the bards bed & breakfast mysteries scarlet wilson in the scarlet wilson mysteries other dance with danger mysteries by sara m. barton : bossa nova with a belligerent bear foxtrot with a furtive fox mambo with a maniacal mako paso doble with a passionate python no hiding behind the potted palms killer cotillion ( amazon exclusive ) casanova killer an sscd crime thriller by tallulah grace copyright 2012 tallulah grace smashwords edition the names , places and events contained within this book are fictional .
he d been watching them since they came in , from his perch behind an oversized palm tree .
our best guess is that he drove down from canada , maybe greased a palm or two to cross the border , or came in as a passenger on a friends yacht .
she thought of the windward palms curving over the promenade and toward the azure of the atlantic .
she remembered the day she had been strolling along in her dark sunglasses and her lime - green dress , walking under acacias and nipa palms , past colossal bronze equestrian statues , walking down a tropical sort of champs elysees where one was forever finding streets with names such as the calle antigua and the boulevard san martin and the avenue of the emperor don pedro ii .
inhaling the perfume of the coconut palms , pamela tossed a coin to a kid and asked him what was new .
putting her lime - green dress and her white shoes back on , taking up her portfolio , pamela found some shade under some palms .
the moonlight helped to illuminate their path as they navigated their way through the shadows under the palms and the plantains .
and where else could she inhale the fragrance of cocoanut palms ?
3 brand new day the camel came to a snorting , choking halt under a palm tree in la plaza de armas .
felt her neck snap as john snatched her past a palm tree , around a corner , and out of sight .
palm trees were everywhere .
brad jumped up from his hiding spot from behind the fake palm tree and looked over martin who was hiding behind the front desk .
a few bungalows were nestled among palm trees along this stretch , a less developed area than the luxury resorts in san pedro .
a simple thatch roof of palm branches was the only shelter for the captives against the hot summer sun and the cold night chill .
they did go , howard corrected , to palm springs .
the spacious room , about the size of a large sporting stadium , was bathed in natural light from the sun above , but areas that might have fallen into shadow were also lit by glowing strands of microfibrous light , which sprung upward from the polished floor like luminescent palm trees .
as if on impulse , she ran behind a large palm tree and waited .
ama , hiding behind the palm tree felt a trickle of urine running down her legs as she crouched close to the ground .
she swayed like a palm tree in the gentle seaside breeze and with her back ramrod straight , neck regally carrying her head , he was sure he had not seen any north american woman walk with that much control of her body .
palm trees clustered along the boulevards .
palm trees disappeared .
tall palm trees swayed in the ocean breeze , and the sun shone .
they went past boxy apartments and dying palm trees and were getting close to mr . winstons bungalow .
* * * shelleys silver volvo sat under the palm trees on a residential street , six blocks from where clendon had found brooks shot .
looks like oklahoma city with palm trees . ''
then , over diedecek 's shoulder , he noticed two large white men dressed in jogging suits coming up the path through the palm trees .
chapter 2 : warning order : 1st maf seven years earlier in november 1992 , i was assigned to third battalion , ninth marines at 29 palms , california .
we were greeted by the ocean shore on the right and the beautiful palm trees that lined hill street .
the sun was blinding and the heat was suffocating , but i was accustomed to the climate from being stationed at the 29 palms ( located in the mojave desert ) .
south california 's famous palm trees have lost their color , if not most their palm fronds as well .
south california 's famous palm trees have lost their color , if not most their palm fronds as well .
pursing her lips , tawnya took in the rolling blur of palm trees and glass complexes receding in a hazy distance .
they were in roches terrace room , an over sized conservatory replete with white wicker furniture , palm trees and a white cockatoo in a six - foot high moroccan - style white cage in one corner .
if the cops ever caught me with a couple dozen of them in my bag , they 'd just think i had a really bad reaction to sun and palm trees .
she turned it over ... .a photograph of a waterfront ... .. blue sea , palm trees , colorful boats .
everything looked a bit tired , from the buildings in the distance to the dusty palm trees bordering a parking lot .
to his horror , he saw simon walking down the spike in the same manner a tropical islander would walk down a palm tree .
my momentum was finally halted by impacting a palm tree .
as they burst through a last tangled clump of palm and bamboo , they could see the trackers standing in a ragged semi - circle in a clearing ahead .
a soft rain trickled down its roof , the palms beneath slightly obscured by mist and condensation on the glass .
it was less than three kilometres to work , so he d bought a ten - speed bike and found a discreet corner of the wall to chain it to , parked his eight - year - old peugeot on the street outside , marked the perimeter of his parking oblong with potted palms and dwarf conifers , and put a table , umbrella and four chairs at its centre .
the whole scene was bordered by palm trees bending to close the oval shape .
marinated artichoke and hearts of palm ?
the bus to our hotel passed along wide streets lined with magnificent palm trees and most of the people watching our progress were soldiers , dressed in combat fatigues and carrying automatic rifles , who looked proud and alert even when lounging at a street corner .
two hundred yards through some cypress and palm trees with the usual scrub brush .
it was just like one she had seen in an old tarzan film once ; mud walls , palm leaves for a roof .
on it were two palm leaves , on which was some meat and what seemed like vegetables .
not the sort that could conjure rain or smote an enemy but could make a hell of a daiquiri from fresh pineapple and palm tree pruno .
twenty minutes later , when we finally got to a road lined with tall palms on one side , he sped up heading toward town .
most of the kids were barefooted and only a few had proper hockey clubs , the rest were holding out stubs of palm leaves , but that hardly dampened their spirits and they were having the time of their lives .
having deplaned an hour ago , thelma and her family drove through l.a . and marveled at the massive number of palm trees .
she collected a few figs and dates that fell from the palm trees that lined the l.a . streets .
under a palm tree , the shivering nigerian had a traditional greek pot , a briki , set up on a hot plate that drew electrical current through a series of extension cords snaking many yards away and up the side of a building papered with about a hundred years of protest posters .
vinnie wondered , swatting at palm fronds with his eyes closed .
they ran along another path lined with ornamental shrubs , palm trees and fire - sticks , past more beautiful houses and another lagoon full of water .
a tremendous wind blew down from the bird , knocking his tri - cornered hat off and blowing it back into the scrub underneath the coconut palms .
in fact , there seems to be more growth of the bushes and even palm trees out here than back east , must be the nicer weather .
i think palm trees would add something to the rose garden .
the palm grove cabaret was the venue and hope wondered if he was here because it was linked to hammers underworld list or because longworry wanted him preoccupied while his squad was off taking care of the bust list .
* * * the following morning i stepped out into the darkened morning where distant incandescent stars hidden behind swaying palm trees reminded me of a science fiction film .
in between the buildings and tall roadside vegetation , once or twice kerrin got a quick flash of a beach , palm trees swaying gently over snowy white sands , people drinking cocktails and paddling lazily through the inviting turquoise sea .
he looked through the arch into the gardens beyond a landscape of great palms and exotic shrubs , bright greens and vivid coloured flowers .
44 magnum , .38 smith & wesson and a little palm piece , a.25 colt .
with both the neighbouring sections being vacant , except for a few scattered trees and palms , and a large tree on the sea - shore side of the section , it was ideal for an unseen approach away from nosy neighbours that might choose an inopportune moment to look out a window , except for when they would have to cross the road .
exotic palm trees bowed at you from huge pots as you walked by .
the walkway leading to the manor was bordered by palms and dead grass .
palm trees blew in the trade wind , their fronds like frayed green kites beckoning a welcome as the plane approached the beach , the powerful motors drone the only sound in the small bay .
she unfastened the line that secured it to a palm tree and pushed it into the water , then hopped aboard and used the oars to move it farther from land .
now van , i do nt want you going back to your god forsaken palm tree country saying the menfolk in kentucky are all wussies like this one here .
just chill , babe , donna says from her softly swaying rocking chair , sipping iced tea , clad in a midnight blue summer dress with half crescent moons and palm trees dotting it in white , my man is missing too , you know .
he also cut the hearts out of the palms and sold the swamp cabbage to all the locals .
i have n't seen him since we finished filming outside palm springs last month and i think that handsome young devil has a really big crush on me , of course who would n't .
mark , shaking his fear off like a freshly washed dog , grabbed one of the ropes out of his brother 's hand and ran towards the closest newly planted royal palm that was lining the driveway .
sally backlin led the two of them over to the nearest royal palm and helped beverly carefully lower her down so her back could rest against the trunk .
the twins were tying the yellow nylon ropes around the closest royal palms and had just started tying the third one when they heard someone shouting at them from back by the tennis courts .
steve sidel told wendy wikowski to untie one of the ropes that was around the closest royal palm tree and after she threw it down into the hole steve tied it to the base of one of the ladders and dropped the end into the split roof opening .
when paul zangallio ran toward the shed to retrieve the flashlights , becky mcclellan began walking the people who had made it up the ladders with the help ofthe twins , over to the palm trees on the edge of the driveway so they could regain themselves in the shade .
she was taken aback when she saw all the people scattered around under the palm trees , apparent survivors from the cave - in , of the lobby .
of operations for dominex pharmaceuticals , although her emotion was not conveyed outwardly.she did not allow such emotions to show when she was in her game mode.sam was outlining the responsibilities of her new job function.sheila was not listening.this first step had not taken nearly as long as she had expected it would.that chance meeting at the pharmaceutical convention in palm springs was no chance meeting.the coincidental chain of events that had led up to the eventful meeting and subsequent seduction of the ceo had been the result of a long and elaborate plan.since that time , she continued to deliver her drug samples to doctors , pass out cookies and smile the smile of miss congeniality , no matter how battered her feet had become.but sheila had only the crown in her vision and now , as far as she was concerned , she was that much closer to wearing it .
what you are holding is a date palm that i planted myself several weeks ago from a date seed .
the date palm .
now , it was a kidney shaped lawn with two short , scraggly palm trees .
he crossed a green space , stepping around a recently shed palm frond .
tom and anthony pulled into a large parking lot next to a long beige and brown building with palm trees sitting at the front entrance with multi - colored lights highlighting the trees .
as we approached this island i was awestruck by its pristine beauty -- lazy palms drooping over turquoise water and blinding white sand .
he pointed at a cell with a caved in ceiling and dead palm leaves on its floor .
the sun began to set as we motored past the final leaning palm of the island .
in my dream the trees were palm trees okay i am kuna so i always see the coconut palm tree but everything was the same .
in my dream the trees were palm trees okay i am kuna so i always see the coconut palm tree but everything was the same .
the palm trees lining the streets dance rhythmically in a balmy sea breeze .
usually by this time , she 'd made enough for a gourmet breakfast at the ritz , a caf mocha at starbucks and a nice lunch at the palm .
setting it aside , she opened the kit of palm knives and hefted each one in her hand , finally deciding on a smaller , slimmer model .
we ve been picking up entire palm prints from the pools of half - dried blood in there .
mainly overgrown oil palm plantations , with straggles of ironwood and leafflower , trees which predominated toward the uncultivated peaks of the hills .
furn was there , staring out over the palm trees at port philip bay .
then he walked across a well lit gravel driveway , bordered by a row of short palms and rose bushes , the gates closed behind him and he walked the few metres to the double , wooden door of the villa .
i feel a bit like the white egret i saw flapping around by the coconut palms last week - disorientated , unsure what was happening to itself - looking a bit untidy - dirty white feathers - its beak opening and shutting , scrabbling to fly but without the energy .
behind a clump of manila palms , was an ornamental pond with water lilies .
and each had a certain unique touch - two birds , two flowers , two trees , an old lady and an old man , a cockerel and hen , a hen and a chicken , a snake coiled around eggs with a small snake emerging , and there were abstracts , too - sunrises and sunsets - colourful bands of pink , purple , orange , blue and grey , some with a black silhouette of a single coconut palm or banana tree leaf intruding into the picture .
he pulled them out , one by one , lay them on the table and took one of jim 's morning sky paintings - abstract , lines of orange , pink , purple and grey with a black silhouette of a coconut palm - to the window ` ` they re good , jim .
what marked it out as different were the photographs that lined the walls - pictures of african families and a framed print of an old colonial style building fronted by palm trees .
it had been another long , hot day and the sun was just setting in a red ball over the atlantic ocean beyond the fence and through a row of silhouetted coconut palm trees .
from across the street , in a park , shelton stands behind a tree and tries to spot students , any humans , around the campus buildings or among the palms .
the man was heading away from the main tourist track into the back streets of amalfi overlooked by cast iron streetlights , balconies with mini palms and looming mountains behind .
it showed an old man , arms folded and wings outstretched , in the colors of a kingfisher standing over a citadel with palm trees either side with the tangled knot of a snake at his side .
it was dense with liana and palms , dripping with water that was raining down constantly on the ecosystem .
he ducked behind a palm tree , listening to the men crashing through the undergrowth after him .
carlos explained , and jacobs leaned forward to see for himself these so - called palm prints .
but clearly you do n't want to accept what those palm prints say . ''
there were a scattering of palm trees in big red plant pots and small water fountains ringed by coloured rocks to give this bare portion of the island some flavour .
beyond the log wall and plants that looked like small palm trees , jacobs and the man with dreadlocks were weaving towards the house , their backs to him .
the car careened off the road and collided head - on with the trunk of a palm tree .
beyond the scattered banana trees and coconut palms , derelict buildings and billboards with faded advertisements rose up against the misty - pink morning sky .
the walls were made from sunbaked mud , the roofs from grass and palm fronds .
the riverboat chugged past , and scarlett saw that one pirogue was filled with plastic bottles of what might have been palm oil while the other was stacked with cassava , bread , fruit , fish , and meat .
nevertheless , the leaf - carpeted forest floor was surprisingly open and airy , and creep had little trouble pioneering a path through the saplings , ferns , palms , and other herbaceous plants .
queen palms grew from beds of polished quartz , and ivy twined among lava chunks that had spewed from the mouths of prehistoric volcanoes .
she had a slight canadian accent and appeared to be sitting at a picnic table in front of a stand of waving palm trees .
faye 's attention was caught by the biblical garden ; sand and date palms were more interesting than talk of business and josie took a minute to really look at her .
in another part of the bel air mansion , two hundred people dined on game hens , heart of palm salad , lobster bisque , and crme fraiche atop apple tartlets .
then the clouds dimmed , the sun went under the pacific and darkness fell , a purple and gray haze that blackened the palm trees against the sky .
his pack contained : a few changes of clothes ( shorts and tees and hats , mostly ) ; basic toiletries ; a knife ; a monocular field glass ; mini camp stove ; first aid kit ; water purification drops ; fire starter ; fish hooks and line ; candles ; diarrhea tablets ; needle and thread ; chapstick ; a sheet sack ; a long sandy - blonde wig ( if he had to ) ; and a few days of food if he stretched it including mahi and beef jerky , power bars , and baggies of dried fruit he d bought in bulk ; and , lastly , his trusty old palm pilot .
about a half mile down he entered a tight driveway framed by two sickly palm trees .
the palm leaves rustled above him .
something had filled the space between the two palm trees .
they walked on , in silence , listening to alexs reef shoes squeaking with water and sweat , to kananis flip - flop slapping along , to the rustle of palm leaves stroking each other in the wind .
palm trees and high lush bushes leaned into the clearing , swaying and shimmying , the branches and leaves drooping and dripping and feeding , below them , the many giant ferns and shrubs of budding red flowers .
the rushing sounds in the background told him she was outside , all cars and surf and palms in the wind .
she rounded a palm tree , stroked the bark with her flat palm , and pretended to hide behind it .
dragging his sleeping foot he moved along the perimeter of the yard , sticking to the bushes and palm trunks , scouting the windows .
he stepped back , behind a palm tree , and peered in .
palms and delicate flower shrubs swayed in the wind , and sea birds landed to check him out .
the wind fluttered the trees and palms and thick drops of rain slapped at the road .
all was well groomed in there like an upscale country club with pruned shrubs and clipped grass and palm trees planted in patterns .
their way was lined with palm and banyan trees like something out of the old south .
were they all ferns and palms , and impatiens that would soon bloom red ?
big guy drove alex through a grove of palms and bright red hibiscus and into a culvert that ended at an underground roll - up gate the size of a large garage door .
they got a nice little studio bungalow nestled within a grove of palms and ferns beyond the bunker complex .
the barricade lifted and he sped on into a driveway , where the bushes and palms finally gave way to reveal the main house , standing at the crest of the ke property .
the sliding lanai door was open , bringing a sweet draft , and he could hear the palm leaves rubbing each other out there .
for now , yes , kanani said , for now , and she pulled her hands back from his and lay back on the chair to think , facing the palm trees and bushes that stood like a wall before them .
we were approaching this hut , surrounded by a little grove of palm trees .
all he heard were palm leaves slapping each other , and then the wind calmed so much that the slapping stopped and he swore he could almost hear the surf miles down below .
the night was quiet , the wind only a whisper in the palm leaves .
soon - o slowed near the 81 - mile marker and turned down a bumpy one - laner that ended under a patch of palm trees .
a grand and airy stucco beach mansion stood within a vast grove of lush bushes and palms .
they passed the edge of the palms , where a hammock was strung between two trunks .
a cool breeze and the familiar slapping of palm leaves , the chirps and bleats of island birds and frogs .
the rhythm of the palm leaves flapping above , the fragrant mix of hibiscus and vines and plumeria , the cool breezes passing over his temples it all seemed so familiar the way it blended together .
they stopped under a palm tree , facing each other .
jerry crouched behind a palm and watched the show .
out on the grounds they moved along through the bushes , shrub to palm to shrub , squatting and crossing the paths only at their darkest patches , jerry trusting that kanani knew the cameras blind spots .
the flowery bushes and spiky shrubs , the wild palms and vine - tangled island trees began to thicken and swell .
and so , in turn , alex had then tossed his palm pilot into a stream , the last water they had seen .
still farther out , a horizon of palm trees , a black sand beach , and the pacific ocean , where the sun rose every morning .
thick vines cascaded down on all sides , helping to disguise the rust and graying wood and hand - built solar panels attached up higher on the trestle , high above the palms and forest growth , there where the sun always shined on the valley .
around them , the palm leaves flapped in the breeze .
several fake palm trees lined the sidewalk outside the building while red neon lights illuminated the building .
he saw the palm trees covered the hill , and the hill descended to a rocky shoreline along the caribbean sea .
go to palm springs .
shadows of dead palms stretched like talons .
he had gone looking for james , hoping the cabbie would join him , but had found him in the parking lot scraping the last of his rice and palm oil stew from the bottom of a large bowl .
he dragged himself out of bed with the sun beating strong on the palms outside his window .
they passed through an area of overgrown fields , ragged palms and rusted , sagging fences .
dark red soil ringed newly planted and recently watered palms and shrubs .
he stared straight ahead , pondering an alternative universe , drinking club beer in the hills of nimba county , as they rolled down the wide avenue , lined with yellowed and dying palms .
they passed the casino of the la - palm royal resort and turned into a drive lined with manicured palms and gardens , pulling up under a canopied turnabout .
they passed the casino of the la - palm royal resort and turned into a drive lined with manicured palms and gardens , pulling up under a canopied turnabout .
what passed for a village was just a sparse array of wood and stucco structures tucked into some groves of oil palms .
after a mirthful evening of palm wine and brochettes he caught a couple hours sleep on a straw - filled sack .
they turned the corner into a surprisingly calm little cove with arcs of golden sand backed by coconut palms .
set back among the palms was a wooden house up on stilts with a little cook shed and outhouse behind it .
four small children appeared at the end of the track and peered at them through the fronds of a small palm .
he s as happy as a clam , sipping palm wine on some mountain hut in cameroon .
he parked the sedan in the shade of some ragged palms , as small gang of boys in dusty school uniforms looked on .
` ` he 's a nice guy , '' she said as they pulled up in front of the two - story brick house framed by tall palm trees .
the beach was gone , taking the glistening waves and white sand and palm trees with it .
yershov had been pushing garnets wheelchair along the vehicle - free , waterfront promenade naberezhna lenina , both silently admiring the view across the still waters of yalta bay , the shingle beach on their left hand side , a line of green cypress and ragged - leaf palm trees to their right , slowly heading towards prymorsky park , when the big russian had asked , will you never walk , my friend ?
he lay on a roughshod bed made up of palm fronds on the dirt floor , just enough to hopefully keep the bugs from crawling in his ears and eating his brain .
even the yachts in the harbor were conservative , far less flashy than the ones at east hampton or saint - tropez or palm beach .
eventually they moved to florida , to a nice house with palm trees in the front yard .
they were on the terrace at their home in palm beach .
palm trees , movie billboards , light gray traffic lanes striped with endless twin tracks of rubber .
the small towns of kalispell and whitefish nestled under the palm .
a palm pilot .
reacher said , ` ` i hope edward lane does n't have a palm pilot full of london numbers . ''
like the texan millionaires who import fully - grown palms and tropical shrubs from florida ? '
he knew that the sea had always been close to him on his left and , as he followed the twin red glares of the leading car through an impressive entrance gate of wrought iron and up an avenue of young royal palms , he heard the waves scrolling into a beach very close to his car .
outside , the sea whispered softly on an invisible beach and the moonlight splashed the black shadows of palms across trim lawns .
he went out and was walking over the dewy grass towards the beach when he heard a curious thumping noise from among the palms to his right .
bond walked thoughtfully down to the beautiful crescent of white sand fringed with gently clashing palm trees .
there was chinese blood in her , and her body , totally nak*d and shining with palm oil , was almost white against the black hand .
they had lunch and then suddenly the train was running along the gulf of mexico , through the mangrove swamps and palm groves , endless motels and caravan sites , and bond caught the smell of the other florida , the florida of the advertisements , the land of ' miss orange blossom i954 .
away to port , state highway no.1 disappeared up the coast in a golden ribbon of motels , gas stations and fruit - juice stands , up through palm beach and daytona to jacksonville , three hundred miles away .
and when they reached the plains of agualta vale the green sea of sugar - cane and bananas stretched away to where the distant fringe of glittering shrapnel bursts marked the palm - groves along the north coast .
they had stopped about a hundred feet above the little cluster of fishermen 's huts behind the palm - fringed beach of the bay and they were level with the flat green top of the island , half a mile away .
bond thought it the most beautiful beach he had ever seen , five miles of white sand sloping easily into the breakers and , behind , the palm trees marching in graceful disarray to the horizon .
under them , the grey canoes were pulled up beside pink mounds of discarded conch shells , and among them smoke rose from the palm thatch cabins of the fishermen in the shade between the swamp - lands and the sea .
while quarrel chose two rooms and made them comfortable bond put a towel round his waist and walked through the palm trees to the sea , twenty yards away .
there was the short lull between the two great winds of jamaica , and then the palms began to whisper again .
then , as every evening , he massaged bond for half an hour with palm oil , talking quietly the while about the fish they had seen that day , explaining the habits of the carnivores and the ground - feeders , the camouflage of fish and their machinery for changing colour through the blood stream .
it was given over to pimento and citrus inside a fringe of hardwoods and palms and had a history dating back to the time of cromwell .
through the slats of the jalousies bond looked across the little garden , aflame with hibiscus , bougainvillea and roses , which ended in the tiny crescent of white sand half obscured by the trunks of the palms .
the upper half of it was obscured by the dipping feathers of the palm trees in the foreground , but the stretch of vertical cliff within his vision looked grey and formidable in the half - shadow cast by the hot sun .
a few small clouds , pink and orange in the sunset , were meandering by overhead and the palm trees clashed softly in the cool undertaker 's wind .
in a moment bond was immersed in a sea of practical details and the shadow of fear had fled back to the dark pools under the palm trees .
a brimstone butterfly flirted among the purple shadows under the palms .
he played with her hair with his right hand and they sat for a while looking out between the trunks of the palm trees at the sea and the light fading on the island .
' we 're going to a house on stilts with palm trees and five miles of golden sand .
but there are those who tell me that his gambling bazaar at palm beach would go along with a mark until his score piled up too high .
bond caught a glimpse of endless miles of palm - lined avenues , of sprinklers whirling over emerald lawns in front of gracious homes , of sprawling aircraft factories , of the outside lots of film studios with their jumble of gimcrack sets - city streets , western ranches , what looked like a miniature motor - racing track , a full - size four - masted schooner planted in the ground - and then they were in the mountains and through them and over the interminable red desert that is the backstage of los angeles .
the swollen sun burned straight down the middle of the frying concrete and there was no shade anywhere except under the few scattered palms in the forecourts of the motels .
then they were rolling easily along sunset boulevard between the palm trees and the emerald lawns , the dust - streaked studillac looking incongruous among the glistening corvettes and jaguars , and finally , towards evening , they were sitting in the dark , cool bar of the beverley hills hotel , and there were new suitcases in the lobby and brand new hollywood clothes and even bond 's battle - scarred face did n't mean they had n't all just finished work at the studios .
from them you could see a great expanse of blue water in front of you and , on either side , the upper windows of neighbouring villas and the tops of the trees in their gardens - mediterranean - type evergreen oaks , stone pines , casuarinas and an occasional palm tree .
when he had arrived the night before , to be greeted by a surly night - concierge in trousers and a collarless shirt , and had briefly inspected the entrance hall with the fly - blown palms in copper pots , and the floor and walls of discoloured moorish tiles , he had known what he was in for .
soon there was a neon sign of a green palm tree and underneath ' blue hills .
they pulled into a parking place and bond followed quarrel through the gate into a small garden of palm trees growing out of lawn .
tables were dotted about under the palms , and in the centre was a small deserted cement dance floor to one side of which a calypso trio in sequined scarlet shirts was softly improvising on ' take her to jamaica where the rum comes from ' .
he led them down towards the sea and placed them at a quiet table under a palm tree that grew out of the base of the restaurant building .
above them the palm fronds clashed softly in the night breeze .
the undertaker 's wind that blows at night from the centre of the island , clattered softly in the tops of the palm trees .
twelve storeys down the formal gardens , dotted with palm trees and beds of bright croton and traced with neat gravel walks between avenues of bougainvillaea , were rich and dull .
he wore a light blue tropical suit over a white silk shirt ornamented with small green palm trees .
they climbed unhurriedly into a black ford consul sedan with jamaican number plates and , with major gonzales driving and the two gunmen sitting upright in the back seat , they drove off at an easy pace down the long avenue of royal palms .
she had everything - the best catch on the island , love on the sands under the palm trees , g*y times in the town and at the mid - ocean , fast drives in the car and the speedboat - all the trappings of cheap romance .
` ` you happen to own the only palm tree in the whole of this desert .
a short , fat white man in khaki , shirt and trousers came out from under the palm trees and walked towards bond through the scattering of sea - grape and sun - dried wrack above highwater mark .
they continued to wrangle with light - hearted violence until the palm groves gave way to the giant sangdragon trees on the outskirts of the ramshackle capital of mahe .
he was thoroughly sick of the heat and the drooping palm trees and the plaintive cry of the terns and the interminable conversations about copra .
` ` watch for the lights of grand bahama to port , and palm beach to starboard .
it was a hunk of dead coral with a smattering of seagrape and battered screw palm that grew on nothing but pockets of brackish rainwater and sand .
there are birds and tropical flowers and palm trees , imported fully grown from florida , in the beautiful gardens of the millionaires round the coast , but in the middle of the island there is nothing to attract the eye but the skeleton fingers of spidery windmill pumps sticking up above the pine barrens , and bond spent the ride to the airport reviewing the morning .
the beach hut was a robinson crusoe affair of plaited bamboo and screwpine with a palm thatch whose wide eaves threw black shadows .
` ` we 're not always sailing among the palm trees . ''
next , he began to inspect the leaves on the potted palm trees scattered around the room .
` ` it was in the potted palm near the conference room . ''
it 's a small house in palms - very small - but it 's a corner lot and it has a charming backyard .
it was the land of palm trees and rita hayworth and the holy temple of the universal spirit and santa anita .
he bought a lavish home in palm springs , a string of racehorses and a trio of stooges .
the following weekend , toby and jill were at their house in palm springs .
` ` anyway , palm springs sounds wonderful .
we 'll go to palm springs . ''
` ` hell , we can go to palm springs anytime . ''
she and toby mobbed by reporters at the cannes festival ... the president at their palm springs home , telling jill how beautiful she was ... fans crowding around toby and her at a premiere ... the golden couple ... toby stepping up to receive his medal and falling ... falling ... finally , she would drift off to sleep .
` ` we 'll go to palm springs so that you can rest until then , '' jill said .
just think , tomorrow you 'll be lying on a beach under a palm tree without a care in the world . ''
` ` preferably with white - sand beaches , palm trees and a decent five - star hotel , '' piped up another joker .
blue skies was approaching portofino , which even from a distance was an impressive sight , its hillsides covered with olive trees , pines , cypresses and palms .
sunday was the palm beach polo and country club 's eighteenth anniversary , and south shore boulevard was heavy with traffic as three thousand fans converged on the polo grounds .
he lives in new york , but i understand he spends a lot of time in palm beach .
she had told ken the names of the palm beach hotels that the woman had given her .
they spent two weeks together at hotels in palm beach , miami and atlantic city .
the night was balmy and the slight breeze coming off the mediterranean stirred the tall palm trees .
it was their last day in acapulco , a perfect morning with warm , soft breezes playing melodies through the palm trees .
her suite on the second floor consisted of a large living room and bedroom , and a terrace overlooking a colorful sea of white and red anthuriums , purple bougainvillea and coconut palms .
there were crackdowns in fort lauderdale and atlantic city and palm springs .
she had won an oscar and a silver palm award and was always in great demand .
they had lunch at an excellent little italian restaurant called banducci 's and dinners at the palm , eveleene 's and the gumbo pot neither toni nor alette made an appearance .
she had acquired homes in palm beach and south carolina , and a stud farm in kentucky , and she and tony visited all of them during his vacations .
a handsome , sophisticated stranger would approach her and look deeply into her eyes , into her soul , and he would take her in his arms without a word and suavely carry her to a nearby palm tree .
he recognized victoria , the roman symbol for victory , a crown and palm leaf in her outstretched hands beckoning a choice .
it was 7:30 a.m. , too early for golf or tennis and too early for saturday morning traffic in palm beach .
he had a 12:30 tee time at the palm beach country club ; not that it mattered that much .
fourteen remained behind , seven lucky couples who would cruise south to palm beach for a few days .
and of course each had the obligatory weekend home in the hamptons for the summer and one in palm beach for weekends in the winter .
` ` where 's palm valley ? ''
thirty paces , then around a right angle , and they again found daylight inside the walls , a flourishing space of greenery with cypress trees , palms , grapevines , flowers - even a peacock paraded about .
peterson admitted that he met with jerry peters , larry mullins , and the ada investigators in january 1987 to discuss the palm print .
i work in d. c. '' secretary kott glanced out at the palms and tropical vegetation .
on the rolling green lawn , palms grew tall against the sky , while tropical flowers in a rainbow of colors spread against the white- plastered walls .
he made a subtle gesture close to his hip , and the four converged on a corner behind potted palms .
its oak room and palm court , along with its upscale galleries and boutiques , provided countless opportunities for people to help pay for its upkeep , even those who had not rented one of its eight hundred bedrooms .
he wrenched his eyes from the human destruction before him toward a palm tree , where an oriole was trilling loudly .
there 's a swimming pool i know of , shaded by real palm trees and fed by one of the real palm springs .
there 's a swimming pool i know of , shaded by real palm trees and fed by one of the real palm springs .
they ' ve spent the last week together in palm springs . ''
a fragment of palm fiber stuffed into the spout served to keep the grounds out of the liquid .
he kissed his guest on both cheeks and led him through the heavily mosaiced public rooms of the hammam into the rear section , which surrounded a small garden in the center of which grew hatun 's prized date palm .
nesim hatun was reclining on a carved wooden bench softened by a marshmallow mound of silk pillows beneath the clattering green fronds of his beloved date palm .
as his son brought bourne - who had peeled off his beard before entering the turkish bath - into the shade of the date palm , hatun 's head swung around , his vulture 's face impassive .
bourne rolled out the prayer rug so that its silk threads shimmered in the golden shots of sunlight that found their way between the palm fronds .
when he was out of sight of the dock , he pulled over and , beneath the shade of a palm , rummaged in the satchel for the transponder that went with the net , the nano - electronic tag that soraya had planted on him to track his movements .
by this time , the palm trees had given way to thick , pine - forested swaths , shadowed , mysterious , deserted .
he proved himself to be a brilliant cutter ; any other time , he reeked of arak , the fermented balinese palm liquor .
sipping green coconut water through a straw , he played with the youngest of the three children , while the eldest , a girl of no more than twelve , watched him with dark , serious eyes as she wove thin - cut palm fronds into an intricate pattern that would become a basket .
as bourne watched in silence , the priest took a small , plaited bowl filled with holy water and , using a palm leaf switch that he dunked into the water , sprinkled the heads of those in attendance .
firth was up on the table , head bowed , swigging great mouthfuls of the fermented palm liquor with grim precision .
small haberdashery and crockery shops lined the other three sides , their quaint fronts shaded by palm and orange trees .
there was a small grove of lemon trees and , in the center , a tiled fountain in the moorish style shaded by a palm tree .
over the low noise of the traffic and the clattering of the palm fronds , now and again came an animal 's booming roar or unearthly howl .
reluctantly , he let khan go , and for the briefest moment , as he stared into his son 's eyes , he saw him as he had been , as a little boy in phnom penh with the blazing asian sun on his face and , in the dappled shadows of the palms just beyond , dao watching , smiling at them both .
in the far corner she pushed several fragrant bales out of the way , revealing a wooden staircase , full of dust and crystals of palm sugar .
he cautiously went past the potted palms until he saw lee teng .
she had envisioned a comfortable living , naturally , but not millions , not the private jets flying all over the world , from palm springs to the south of france .
the path to the chapel was growing dark , the tall palms and dense foliage above the beach hastening nature 's process by blocking the rays of the setting sun .
jason was about to turn around and head for the tackle shop and a flashlight when suddenly , as if on photoelectric cue , blue and red floods came alive , shooting their wide circles of light up from the ground into the palms above .
` ` they 're in the south palms , '' he said breathlessly .
` ` with the looks i ' m getting , '' he said quietly into the miniaturized microphone under the cloth , ` ` you 'd think i 'd invaded the high colonic white shopping district of palm springs . ''
one on the opposite side of the open area ; a table , alex realized , that had no palms or plants in its vicinity .
mcauliff took advantage of the moment and walked rapidly down the path , then cut across the grass to the trunk of a large palm .
mcauliff pressed himself against the palm trunk .
behind her was the near deep green of the high palms , behind them the awesome rise of the mountain range .
mcauliff sat in the frame of the balcony door ; the wet scents of the jamaican dawn came up from the moist grounds and down from the tall palms , cooling his nostrils and so his skin .
mango trees , palms , hibiscus , and orchids lined the entrance and surrounded the one - and - a - half - storeyed white stone structure .
they manoeuvred the raft into a pitch - black recess and pulled it out of the water , hiding it under cascading umbrellas of full - leaved mangroves and maiden palms .
dense macca - fat palms stood next to silk - cotton , or ceiba , trees that soared out of sight , their tops obscured by the midgrowth .
the green vines dangling from the tall macca - fat palms glistened with the moisture rising from below ; fern and moss and matted cabbage growth bordered the slowly flowing currents of the martha brae offshoot .
holcroft swung into the entrance , begging his pardon through the swarm of tourists , their barbados shirts and virgin island palm hats proof of yet another cruise ship .
there had been palm trunks and rocks showing through the surface of the water , crossing the narrow stream .
and on the right palm trunk were two snakes in lateral slow motion , curving their way towards him .
over the post 's long life the trees would have imitated the gray ashes of the ardennes and the mighty firs of central europe and the swaying palms of the middle east .
` ` will they have the cookout tonight at the palms ? ''
the palms is a popular hotel with the hottest action on the beach . ''
the condos were in the center of seven mile beach , next door to another complex and the palms .
the rhythmic beat of caribbean music drifted from the palms , where a large open - air thatched - roof bar attracted the beachcombers like a magnet .
they walked in silence until the palms was out of sight and the music was growing dimmer .
the road ended at the edge of the beach and became a white - rock parking area shaded by dozens of royal palms .
to its right the palm trees thinned and a small driveway curved around the grand house and sloped downward to a large open area of white rock .
those were shot from behind a palm tree , about eighty feet away .
there 's this great cookout there at the palms beginning at six .
beachcombers from all directions flocked to the palms .
the lovebirds , avery and libby , walked hand in hand into the courtyard of the palms and lined up for the buffet .
a gate led to a slight grassy knoll , with the first building of the palms just over it .
she walked to the front of the palms , to tammy 's rented nissan stanza .
* * * at midnight , the barefoot boys sang their last song , and the palms settled down for the night .
she sat by him for ten minutes , and when the snoring returned to its former intensity , she slid into the shorts and ran to the palms .
under a cluster of palms , he found some shade and sat down .
smith stepped out into the warm sunshine , looked warily around , and strode through a line of date palms toward the carved wood door .
she married a man named vanvlanderen , andrew vanvlanderen , from palm springs . '
outside here and palm springs , not too many people have ever heard his name . '
black shafts and swelling shadows became dark trunks and spotted palms and tangled , blue - green underbrush .
dialing his scope furiously , zooming through the marsh grasses and palms , janson saw three vcs running down a jungle path directly toward him .
dialing his scope furiously , zooming through the marsh grasses and palms , janson saw the clearing with two hutches .
` ` these palms will brim with peter novak 's blood . ''
i am well aware you were on your way to the rancho mirage in palm springs for an assignation with your current husband 's partner in his extortionist brokerage firm .
it was sundown , the third day of surveillance , and pryce was in a hammock strung between two sturdy palms on the island beach .
he chose what appeared in the moonlight to be a small cove ; it was wooded , with overhanging palms roofing the perimeter .
he jumped out of the raft and pulled it between the rocks to the sand , securing it to the trunk of a palm .
the palm leaves get in your face . ''
as if on cue , he heard the sound of rustling foliage as beowulf agate broke through the palm leaves , his wife , antonia , behind him .
` ` i decided on the uzi for me , '' said a breathless antonia , parting the last low - hanging palms and throwing the weapons down .
cam rose swiftly to his feet as the thundering cannon roared so loudly it had to blow a hole in the palm - laden greenery of outer brass 26 .
jamieson fowler , utilities tycoon and a major u.s . force in the matarese , operated out of the breakers hotel in palm beach proper .
they looked up through the palms ; a pontooned chopper was circling to land on the beach beyond the photoelectric cells .
as delicately as possible , considering its mass and the tonnage , the enormous helicopter touched down on the edge of the beach , the palms in an uproar at the intrusion .
the palms have been cut back beautifully . ''
the galleria was so cavernousmore than two football fields in lengththat palm trees swayed in the internal breeze .
the apartment building was quiet , and she was just beginning to relax , when she reached the front entry hall with its fake palms and expensive oriental carpeting .
jon moved quickly through the cavernous galleria of the mammoth pompidou hospital , past the palm trees and gift shop , and up the escalators to the icu .
dark olive trees and palms stood stark against the wall , and he could see some kind of domed building behind .
no , this had the feel of north africa , and from the lushness , the greenhouses , the wide sandy beaches , the palms , the hills , the highway , the newer cars , in fact the prosperous appearance of it all , and the speed and time of the journey , his judgment was that he was anchored off algeria , probably not far from algiers .
the point 's terminus was overgrown with what looked like an impenetrable mass of vegetation and palm trees .
under a date palm , he dressed quickly , stuck his walther into his waistband , strapped the stiletto into a sheath velcroed to his calf , and hid the bucket .
there were olive trees and date palms and beyond them a rise of land .
they did not pause to rest but crawled on past the dead body of one of the terrorists randi had killed , and then the second one , until finally they reached a growth of date palms well past where abu auda had set his trap .
randi sat up against a palm trunk .
above them , stars glittered occasionally through the palm fronds .
he paused in dark shadow to check the palm pilot again .
the palm pilot went dark .
tree branches and palm fronds fly .
he rushed inside the chapel and caught sight of its flamboyant gothic style , highlighted by a central pillar rising to a rib vault that spread out like palm branches .
i get stalled in construction traffic around palm beach , and this ruins my plans for the afternoon .
he lived in a grand spanish mission - style villa in a wealthy suburb of asuncion , at the end of a long drive lined with palm trees , surrounded by acres of beautifully landscaped property .
eight hundred lawyers , 170 paralegals , offices in washington , new york , chicago , l.a . , portland , palm beach , london , and hong kong .
a mass of some kind of palm on the left , fifteen feet high , fronds of fern to the right and behind in a tangled spray .
one was kia in vietnam , one died ten years ago in palm springs , and the third is more than seventy years old , lives in florida . ''
some are palms .
scrubby stunted palms were planted here and there in tiny yards .
' sunshine and palm trees . '
the scene through the beach house windows is so perfect , it 's like something from a postcard , like there should be welcome to aruba scribbled in the sky above the gently nodding palm tree .
a set of stone steps led up to french doors bracketed by a pair of potted palms .
the road into scottsdale was lined with palm trees .
his mind brimmed with thoughts of his home in charleston , south carolina - the palm trees and live oaks and saltwater marshes , the ocean at sunrise , the faces of his father and mother .
` ` a person is ten times more likely to become a professional athlete than to make a living reading palms , '' she said , taking refuge in the numbers .
havana was a low port surrounded by green forest and tall palm trees , their fronds a lush green that wafted gently in the breeze , waving us in as our schooner sailed into port .
everywhere were palm trees and short statues on plinths , and from somewhere the sound of running water .
but we 'd stepped outside the confines of the courtyard and i was greeted with what looked like a newly constructed practice area , tall palms lining either side of a grassed avenue , with targets at one end and just beyond that what looked like an ornamental lake , shimmering like a plateful of blue sunshine .
behind the tree line , shadows moved among the scaly trunks of the palm trees .
the chirping insects were at their loudest , almost drowning out the trickle of running water and the soft rattle of the palm trees .
he sat with edward beneath the sailcloth awnings of the old avery , a tavern on the hill overlooking the harbour , one of my very favourite places in the world and my very first port of call on entering nassau - a nassau i was pleased to see had hardly changed : the stretch of purest blue ocean across the harbour , the captured ships that littered the shores , english flags flying from their masts , the palms , the shanty houses .
bushes and palm trees .
after a welcome from the governor of corfu , a fat italian called franco who liked to be called spyridon , after the local patron saint , and who long since had clearly abandoned politics for lotus - eating , ezio had a talk with the ship 's captain as they stood on a balcony fronting the governor 's villa , and looking out over palm trees to the harbor , which nestled under a sky of blue velvet .
early writings spoke of the holy place as having its walls lined with cedar , carved cherubim , palm trees and open flowers embossed with gold , but the temple was now a shadow of its former self .
9 altair made his way through the palms and past the stables and traders outside the city walls until he came to the huge , imposing gates of damascus .
15 altair would make camp at wells , waterholes or fountains on his travels ; anywhere there was water and shade from palms , where he could rest and his mount graze on the grass , untethered .
the palm trees rustled slightly in a breeze and the water drip - dripped behind him .
he longed to lie in the shade of a palm : to sleep , to disappear .
the florida we 'd seen until now had been the postcard florida , it seemed - coral and mangroves and palm trees , glittering water and pelicans .
the table itself was nestled in between two plastic palm trees .
as i came out of the hotel onto the walkway that curled through a garden of palm trees and incongruous australian pines , i saw angie sitting on the chaise , her hand over her eyes to block the sun , looking up at a young guy in an orange speedo so small that comparing it to a loincloth would probably be an insult to loincloths .
` ` ' ... the unidentified man , ' '' angie read from the paper , ` ` ' believed to be in his early thirties , was found facedown on the floor of his room at the isle of palms motel with a fatal knife wound to his abdomen .
we sat in our booth as the rain spewed against the windows and the wind bent the row of royal palms along the boulevard , and we ate our sandwiches .
for a moment , joe could see it - another life , a dream of blue water , honey - skinned women , palm trees .
the bellman was dressed like a circus monkey in a red velvet tux and matching fez , and he swooped out from behind a potted palm on the veranda and took joe 's suitcases from dion 's hand and led joe inside while dion waited at the car .
but in the back , wide rooms with high copper ceilings and tall archways looked onto a courtyard , a wading pool , and gardens where spotted horsemint , violets , and tickseeds grew alongside european fan palms .
joe walked out onto the white limestone veranda and listened to the surf and ringling 's imported royal palm fronds rustling in the warm night breeze .
it was a collection of sagging huts with roofs and walls constructed of dried palm fronds .
the sun was going down outside , and the palm springs winter evening barely required a light jacket .
when we 'd first come to palm springs , there 'd just been four .
we drove across town , then to the outskirts of palm springs to the home of clarence donahue , the only moroi foolish enough to live in this desert until my friends and i had shown up last fall .
she 'd hit the jackpot when jill and i arrived in palm springs .
we held the ritual in maude 's backyard , a sprawling piece of property filled with palm trees and winter flowers .
it was about fifty degrees out , balmy compared with late january in other parts of the country , but jacket weather in palm springs - or , rather , cloak weather .
a breeze stirred around us , and although i tended to think of overgrown , misty , deciduous forests when it came to arcane rituals , something felt right about the towering palms and crisp air .
zoe disappearing from palm springs would make things a hell of a lot easier for sydney and me .
i could n't bring myself to leave adrian , jill , and the others , seeing as there 'd be no returning to my life in palm springs after open rebellion .
pretty sure it 's not something lying around in palm springs .
she pointed to a diagram in the book that depicted a palm with four small clumps of dirt arranged in a diamond .
palm trees and movie stars . ''
maybe getting mr . buckingham palace away from palm springs for a couple days would snap some sense into jill and even angeline .
i need to get back to palm springs . ''
we all went to the airport together ; rose was off to pennsylvania , while neil and i headed back to palm springs .
when we landed in palm springs , i kind of hoped sydney might be there to give us a ride from the airport , but we instead received messages to catch cabs to our respective homes .
but when zoe told me our dad was about to be in palm springs , i nearly had a meltdown .
` ` the whole time i ' ve been in palm springs , i ' ve felt like i ' m in control .
` ` we are n't in palm springs anymore . ''
i was merely human , and it was past my bedtime in palm springs .
he 's been converted to our palm springs schedule , so he took me around and showed me all the wonders of the moroi court . ''
reality finally called , however , and we had to return to our responsibilities in palm springs .
when we stepped outside the palm springs airport , warm desert air hit us , confirming once and for all that our winter paradise was gone .
` ` but i ' m planning to be in palm springs on sunday .
i made introductions , passing angeline off as my cousin , per our usual procedure in palm springs .
we made plans and headed back to palm springs in our respective cars .
she can leave palm springs . ''
` ` i ' m the new alchemist assigned to palm springs , '' she said , her voice prim .
apparently , no one had bothered to tell her about the regime change in palm springs .
one rounds a corner of some perfectly respectable passageway only to find a disembodied eyebrow floating halfway between ceiling and potted palm . ''
if i only had a mai tai and a chiseled man , fanning me with a palm frond , i 'd have thought i was in some exclusive resort on a tropical island .
we started weaving our way through palm tree lined streets , heading towards the nicer and nicer neighborhoods .
sidheag left off her position , lurking partnerless near a potted palm , and trailed along with only mild confusion .
the fragrance of dragon 's blood resin , collected and processed from the palm tree , filled the room , chasing away the evil of xavier 's ritual , adding to their protection and exorcising the high mage 's abominations , consecrating and strengthening the potency of her ritual .
byron moved them so that they appeared together , walking around a giant potted palm , hands linked .
he flicked the collar of his shirt covered with palm trees as if very pleased with himself .
i saw white sandy beaches and palm trees .
i think it was on an island 'cause i could see palm trees and sand , and i could hear waves breaking .
in my head , i went through the conversation again ... ... rene and i ambled along the sidewalk , trying to stay in the range of the infrequent palm tree shadows .
archer parted the palm frond a few seconds later and leaned against the glass wal , his arms folded over his chest .
a couple of palms were overturned , spil ing black soil on the red carpet .
she nodded toward a potted palm and three wooden barrels with miscellaneous wilted leaves in them .
it looked expensively done , a stiff family group with curtains and a potted palm in the background to give everything a bit of style .
i said the word out loud to myself , imagining the palm trees swaying and the water lapping at my feet , and then i realized what balconie was .
i saw the desert and a town of huts with roofs of palm branches .
once again the petals fell , petals of all colors , and peacock feathers waved about us , and branches of palm , and there was singing in great lusty bursts , and the sound of a riotous drum , and she smiled looking down from where she stood , her face remarkably flushed and mobile and human , her black - painted eyes sweeping over her worshipers .
sheba enjoyed it all from behind a potted palm .
they were in front of a huge white mansionfringed with palm trees .
it was taking him to hislas vegas mansion , white walls and palm trees , limpid blue fountains and tiled terraces .
from here she could look across dark stretches of grass to flood - lit palm trees and softly splashing fountains .
thea eyed a row of sago palms and felt herself sighing again .
it turned out to be a modest frame house , shaded by a couple of honest - to - goodness trees , not palms .
i was living in palm springs , pretending to be a senior at a private boarding school in order to keep an eye on jill mastrano dragomir , a vampire princess forced into hiding .
keith had lived with my family for a summer , and later , he and i had worked together in palm springs .
` ` based on what you witnessed in palm springs , miss sage , what is your opinion of mr . darnell 's state of mind when it comes to vampires ?
likewise , the memories of what he 'd done to others and me in palm springs were still fresh in my mind .
the group i 'd left back in palm springs was a hundred times more moral than keith .
since i 'd flown out of palm springs yesterday , i 'd actually been thinking a lot about the group i 'd left behind - when the alchemists were n't distracting me with prisoners , of course .
my flight back to palm springs was scheduled for six in the morning - which was three in the morning in the time zone my body still thought it was in .
it did n't help the situation that i had an inbox full of messages from the gang in palm springs .
the two of them had come to palm springs last month to work with adrian in a sort of think tank to figure out what might protect against strigoi turning .
by the time i landed in palm springs at seven the next morning , it was painfully obvious that i had surpassed my body 's limits to subsist on caffeine .
` ` it 's no problem , '' he assured me , driving toward suburban palm springs .
eddie 's main purpose in palm springs - and mine - was to keep her safe .
partial shade from some nearby palm trees offered mild relief .
the alchemists had offered the apartment to me , since i 'd also taken on full responsibility for palm springs , but i 'd yielded it to adrian .
all around us , huge palm trees loomed , providing an interesting contrast to the eclectic urban setting .
sonya and i lingered outside , admiring downtown palm springs in twilight .
lia was a fashion designer with a shop here in downtown palm springs .
the sky was still purple with the last of the day 's light , and street lamps made whimsical patterns on the sidewalk as they cast their light through the leaves of palm trees .
i suddenly felt kind of lame for not having known that , as though i should be up on all arts and culture events in the greater palm springs area .
it was a huge expanse of green lawn , ringed with leafy deciduous trees instead of the usual palms .
` ` there 's a huge windmill farm north of palm springs , '' i explained .
how anyone could survive wearing a coat like that in palm springs was beyond me , but if anyone could , i supposed it was him .
i admired that , though if we were all actually still in palm springs come january , it 'd mean the moroi had some serious political problems .
one of the hardest parts of being in palm springs was the distance from my mom and sisters .
because i was with them so often , however , i did n't think my cohort here in palm springs really understood how deeply that belief ran .
i thought back on the handful of times i 'd freaked out around them since being in palm springs .
in that moment , i was absolutely certain he was going to demand i get out and walk back to palm springs .
i was n't in palm springs for my own entertainment .
brayden compromised on breakfast , catching me before i hit the road , and we went out to a restaurant adjacent to one of palm springs ' many lush golf resorts .
looking down to ground level , i caught sight of a sparkling pool as blue as the sky , surrounded in palm trees and sunbathers .
not nearly as long as the drive from palm springs , but we 'd figured it would be safest - and more believable - to let him think adrian was in los angeles .
` ` let 's just go back to palm springs . ''
in the faint light , i saw a glimmer of something i never expected to see on the streets of palm springs : a sword .
but if you pay attention to what i ' m going to tell you , you wo n't ever need to pick those up , seeing as we do n't have a rabid moose problem here in palm springs . ''
storms , while infrequent , could come up fast and furious in palm springs .
there are plenty of pretty girls in palm springs .
leaving his neighborhood , i had to restrain myself from flooring it in the crowded streets of downtown palm springs .
the front yard was a mix of climates , green grass with palm trees lining the path to the house .
there were more palm trees ringing the yard , along with a terraced garden full of plants , both native and non - native .
the landscape was brown and barren , but mountains in the distance told me it was still the greater palm springs area .
after a few turns , i could n't have told you where in palm spring we were - especially since i suspected trey was taking a slightly roundabout way in order to make sure there was n't a tail .
` ` you keep saying this is the work of some twisted magic , but have you ever , even once , seen her in strigoi form here in palm springs ? ''
besides , the other warriors never had a permanent base here in palm springs .
tall palm trees created dark , spiderlike shapes against the sky .
the ensemble worked well in my cozy dorm room but was n't exactly practical for a palm springs night .
our situation here in palm springs forced the two of us to constantly be together in social situations , and it had been rough since his declaration .
dissidents among her own kind , the moroi , were hunting her , and even though we 'd seen no sign of them since coming to palm springs , eddie was always vigilant and ready to pounce .
being in palm springs with eddie , jill , and the others had gone a long way in improving my feelings toward their kind .
the whole point of jill and the rest of us being in palm springs was to hide her away and keep her safe from those trying to kill her .
if anyone had noticed that he and i were traveling together , it could attract attention back in palm springs , which could then expose jill .
adrian 's flight was n't even leaving from palm springs .
it 's for the good of our group in palm springs . ''
december in pennsylvania was very , very different from december in palm springs .
i trusted my friends in palm springs , but all other moroi and dhampirs were questionable .
i ignored it all as best i could and jotted out a quick text to donna stanton , a higher - ranking alchemist who oversaw my assignment in palm springs .
maybe in palm springs , where things were a little more casual with my friends , it might not be that crazy a request .
i remembered belatedly that even if rose and dimitri knew i knew adrian from palm springs , i still could n't act too at ease here .
a text message from eddie greeted me when i hailed a cab at the palm springs airport : we 're eating at marquee 's .
why would she even come looking in palm springs ?
i really did love palm springs and amberwood , but there were times i would n't have minded if jill 's assignment had taken us up here .
you spent an awful lot of time with the moroi and dhampirs in palm springs . ''
i suppose you 'd be friends with him if you 're in palm springs , huh ? ''
` ` yeah , she was one , and there 's another in palm springs .
the safe house is n't that far from palm springs .
we parted ways from her , and before long , marcus and i were on the road to palm springs .
` ` especially here in palm springs ? ''
she was the reason i was stationed in palm springs in the first place .
` ` i ' m a field alchemist in palm springs , '' i reminded them .
that girl in russia had nothing in common with the one in palm springs .
your best protection against veronica at this point is for her simply not to find you if she comes looking around palm springs . ''
in the safety of palm springs , i 'd been able to maintain a somewhat cool and collected attitude .
the most paranoid part of me worried there could be a party waiting for me at the palm springs airport , but for now i had a few hours of peace .
if they might be on to her , then we need to get out of palm springs immediately . ''
in the rear - view mirror , i could see the palm springs skyline disappearing as we drove north .
the bride and groom 's table was festooned with palm fronds and garlands of huge flowers , and was covered with every expensive delicacy you could want to eat - or show off that you could afford .
` ` i can do other kinds of predictions , like divining with water or reading palms '' -she glanced at elena , and then away- '' and stuff like that .
when i was n't writing , i lay on the gray brocade divan , watching the palm fronds move in the breeze from the terrace , listening to their voices below .
cars sped along the busy roads past the ever - dancing palms and delicate rain trees , past the squat concrete mansions draped with red and purple bougainvillea , behind their fancy iron gates .
as the cab bounced along the narrow uneven road , carrying us to our beachfront hotel , i was transfixed by the lush forest around us , the big red hibiscus blooming beyond little fences , the graceful coconut palms bending over the tiny tumbledown hillside houses , and eager to see , not with this dim frustrating mortal night vision , but in the magical light of the morning sun .
i stripped off the tweeds , and put on the thin cotton pants and shirt i 'd bought in new orleans before we left , along with a pair of white tennis shoes , and deciding against an all - out physical assault upon david , who was changing with his back turned to me , i went out under the graceful arching coconut palms , and made my way down onto the sand .
a faint clacking noise came from the coconut palms , a sound i rather liked , rising and falling with the breeze .
the lovely pounding of the surf and the faint clacking of the coconut palms were the only sounds .
you remember the sound of the coconut palms in grenada , that clicking sound as they moved in the wind you ' ve never heard such music as you will hear in that garden in barbados , and oh , those flowers , those mad savage flowers .
nothing between me and the blue caribbean but the coconut palms and a few great hibiscus shrubs , covered with unearthly red blooms .
i did n't go there until i 'd been in the gardens up the mountain , and had stood on those very cliffs he had visited , looking out over the forested mountains , and listening to the wind in the branches of the noisy clacking coconut palms .
and oh , never had the high swaying coconut palms looked so beautiful as on these bluffs .
when the spots faded , lush palm trees in different shades of green and white , from the brightest emerald to the palest jade and ivory , came into view .
she crossed the distance , grabbed delilah 's arm without slowing and tugged her into the surrounding palms .
exactly how far had he run toward the coast to reach a palm tree ?
44 bowen 's olive branch for her was a private island just off the coast of belize , replete with a boat and a mansion in the middle of a breezy palm forest .
the breeze soughed through the palm fronds , and the stars glittered feverishly .
palm trees dot the landscape like pointing fingers , reaching for the sky .
` ` the palm trees are weird .
we had a fig tree , a willow tree , and two date palms , and flowers of all kinds , grape vines covering the arbor where we could take our evening meal , and fountains that never stopped sending their rivers of sparkling water down into the basins where the fish darted about like living jewels .
` ` i grew up playing among the date palms and flowers , and i loved it till the day ... the day i died .
all those islands peaceful again and beautiful , where the poinsettia can bloom a deep red , and the palms can blow in the wind .
david described the new compound where seth and fareed were now , safe and secure in the wastes of the california desert , beyond the city of palm springs .
he fell in love with the song of the wind , with the rich colors that pulsed all around him in the flowers and drowsy palm trees of the palace gardens , with the chanting pulse of those succulent humans upon whom he fed .
a lovely place with palms swaying ever so gracefully in the breeze .
suddenly an invisible forced ripped through the enclosure , uprooting palms , shearing off leaves , and then buckling the steel mesh before it , it drove me backwards , bits and pieces of the mesh flying everywhere in silver needles .
mekare stood beside her gazing at me impassively , eyes drifting over the palm fronds , the mesh of branches that shut out the sky , as if she were listening to the birds or the insects and not to anything spoken here .
slowly she turned and walked slowly away from rhosh through the gentle crowd of fern and palm , her feet making a soft unhurried trudging sound in the soil .
drowsy green palms and blue and pink and red flowers in bronze pots were placed every few feet in tasteful groupings .
tuesday november 26 , 2013 palm desert late september , 1929 magnus spotted the little vamp vampire right away .
he ducked through the lobby , staying off to the side , behind columns and potted palms and groups of people .
a palm frond brushed against the window and tropical flowers were piled high in vases .
we wound through streets lined with palm trees , past the kind of houses you saw on the cover of magazines at the grocery checkout .
and i could barely believe it , but there was actual furniture inside the door - a couch and a chair , a statue of a woman with half her clothes falling off , and a large potted palm .
i stripped off my panty hose and tossed them over the potted palm .
shadows fell over her face as she backed farther into the palms , wet with water .
it was accented by large dark timbers and leafy palm trees .
i did n't even pretend the tears were from the bright sun shining through the palm trees .
it had flowing water , palm trees , and a small village surrounding it .
he saw palm trees rushing under them now , along with flowering bushes , courtyard gardens , and glints of blue water from fountains and man - made pools , all likely spring fed from the local aquifer .
palm trees were a common rune in these parts , being the symbol for coastal beauty , and the elaborate shape of the pool was in keeping with that theme .
i eased away from it and stepped behind a fake palm tree in a brass pot in the front corner of the suite .
i stayed where i was , hidden behind the potted palm , and let my eyes adjust to the growing brightness .
i told owen what had taken place tonight , starting with pete and trent showing up at callie 's restaurant and threatening her and ending with bria and me dumping the four men 's bodies into the palm - tree - shaped pool at the blue sands hotel .
a diamond shaped like a miniature palm tree winked in the middle of the solid gray tie that trailed down his chest .
the south lawn was dominated by an enormous pool that had the same distinctive palm tree shape as the one at the blue sands hotel .
according to finn , dekes used the palm tree as his own personal rune , since so many of his business interests were located on the coast .
once again , that palm tree diamond nestled in the exact center of his silk tie .
to the right of me , a short palm spread its leaves , flanked by elephant grass .
it sat recessed from the street , behind tall , slender palms and acacias , and i could barely make out the peach stucco walls under terra - cotta tile roof .
short palms and artfully pruned mesquite provided shade for aged wooden benches with wrought - iron frames .
she stepped onto the packed dirt and ducked under palm fronds and darted around huge , foul - smelling flowers .
it rose , flanked by palms , three stories of narrow arched windows , textured parapets , and stone wall carvings that looked as light and delicate as lace .
we entered and found ourselves in a small waiting area with padded chairs along the walls , dusty plastic palm trees in the corners , and several large boxes of tissues lined up on a glass coffee table in the middle of the room .
we were curled up under a palm tree , one of my arms was casually draped over rourke 's torso .
i scooted back to the base of the palm tree , pulling my knees up tight and wrapping my arms around my legs , making sure everything was covered .
sofas and chairs covered in plush velvet vied for space with low tables , potted palm trees , and exotic statues .
heavy , expensive - looking wood furniture glistened from the little moonlight filtering through a large bay window that looked out at palm trees.the taste of fear and fury lingered on her tongue .
palm trees and some large oleander bushes with salmon - colored flowers lined the block fence .
despite the heavy heat of the summer night and the crush of people , the ballroom was fairly comfortable , and the reason was immediately evident : a row of six french doors had been opened to the garden , and an entire company of servants had been positioned throughout the room with large , palm - leaf fans , which they conducted vigorously .
a tub filled with beer , ice and soft drinks was sitting next to a potted palm .
winkler had spent a lot of money on the pool , ashe figured ; it was irregularly shaped , with palms , tropical plants and flowers surrounding the flagstone border .
ashe was digging narrow trenches after raking back mulch and ground cover around short , squatty palm trees and tropical flower bushes .
patio furniture was scattered in the corners , along with potted palms and other tropical plants .
he 's doing tai chi between the palm trees .
danny takes out his palm pilot and shows elijah all of the things it can do , most of them work - related .
and everyone else was probably headed to the prism center , this outdoor mall with an imax cinema and lots of dramatically lit palm trees .
` ` well , do you know about the palm trees ? ''
` ` there are two palm trees planted in an x outside of all the in - n - outs , '' i said .
the sun was setting , and the lights strung between the palm trees in the parking lot had just come on .
` ` we 're here ... if you 're sure this is where you want to be dropped ... '' outside the dark tinted glass lies a sea of generic bungalows - paint fading , bars on windows and doors , each house separated by a few feet from the next one and surrounded by limp , untended palm trees amidst otherwise sparse vegetation .
there are many palm trees , but their wood is all mushy and wo n't do .
the ship itself becomes toylike down there in the blue - green lagoon with all the palm trees around .
i christen my wonderful ship the hope and in a few moments the tree pulls up on the beach and catches in a grove of palms .
now i look down towards the beach and i see , off to the left of my camp , a place where the water has come in and made a little lagoon , with many coconut palms about .
when they get good and hot , i use a couple of palm frond stems as tongs to pick them and drop them in the pot to help things along .
after i cleaned them , i put one in the pot and i put one on a palm leaf and carefully roasted it , sprinkling it with sea salt .
i see an island- your usual desert island , with crystal - blue water , perfect beach sand , and a palm tree angled in an arched slant .
if someone said this was going to happen a few hours ago , i would ' ve told them to get off the drugs , but hades had poofed us just outside the palms place , a colossal shimmery hotel near a million glittery casinos .
it felt like my stomach was still in the underworld as i gazed at the sky tube connecting the palms to a casino .
as the four of us headed toward the front entrance of the palms , we passed several mortal tourists .
the lobby of the palms was opulent and wildly calming compared to the glitz of outside .
and sunny palm trees and snow - capped mountaintops .
there 's this club i found a few weeks ago , near the palms .
it was fringed with date palms and brilliant with zelij tiles , a fountain plashing in its center .
this was n't marrakesh , though , but a city called ouarzazate - pronounced war - za - zat - in a region of palm oases , camels , and kasbahs at the fringes of the sahara desert .
it was zuzana 's turn wielding the fan , an artifact of crackly palm fronds they had found on the roof of the hotel .
her tears would n't make it to the sea ; they would water date palms in some oasis ; they would become fruit and be eaten , and perhaps be wept again through other eyes .
aimee and matt 's love was the tropical beach kind with sunshine and palm trees and white sand - not unlike the place they 'd decided to honeymoon together .
the barn , open to the sky and the night and glowing white with light , reminds me of a palm cupping a small bit of fire .
wanting to kill the horrific silence , i asked , ` ` you read palms ? ''
` ` since when does a genie do palm readings ? ''
eventually , i leaned back against the palm tree and looked up at the stars .
i did n't want to be the a**hole that sat under a palm tree while some girl was eaten alive in front of him .
` ` i like the palm trees . ''
` ` palm trees ? ''
` ` but i ' m pretty sure they do n't have palm trees . ''
her eyes were drawn to the back of the restaurant , out of the glass wall and onto the patio , where a row of potted palm trees aligned the railing .
` ` palm trees . ''
hel , he 's probably waiting on some girls to jump out of the closet and start fanning him with palm leaves while feeding him potato chips .
the line for the bar snakes all the way around the palm trees and hammocks .
it 's a carnival atmosphere with all the food vendors and clowns and balloon shapers and the furtive lovers taking advantage of the darkness to steal kisses behind a palm tree .
a palm tree sways in the front .
we stand and stare up at the house and listen to the wind come through the palm fronds .
the night is warm , and filled with the sounds of crickets and swaying palm fronds .
two mornings later she went to the indoor garden once more , and stood amongst the great ferns and potted palm trees .
the house of fates would be behind the wall on the right , the trough of palms representing knowledge that could n't be found in books .
but in his dream , there were palm trees , and a man selling grilled meats from a brightly colored cart .
nor was there a fancy wawa or starbucks nearby , just a dingy head shop that offered palm readings and ` ` other psychic services '' -whatever that meant - and a bar called the yee - haw saloon , with a big placard out front that said chug all you can for $ 5 !
palm trees swayed , and island birds cawed .
there had been claims of ali sightings in denver , or minneapolis , or palm springs .
behind her were flaming tiki torches , swaying palms , and a familiar wood bar with a cerulean - tiled backsplash .
tons of potted palms swayed around the space , making the little balcony seem private and way too secluded .
8 license to kill later that night , hanna took mike 's hand as they stepped off the elevator on the palm tree deck .
palm trees surrounded them , and every table bore a flickering votive candle and a vase of tropical flowers .
through the window , she watched the heat rise up from the tarmac , making the palm trees look like they were swaying and shimmering .
bursts of brightly colored flowers and palm trees covered in twinkling lights transformed the normally stuffy restaurant into a high - class hawaiian fantasy .
a latina waitress who could n't have been more than five feet tall led spencer and colin around a grove of palm trees into a private mediterranean garden at the back of the mia vista , one of longboat key 's most sought - after dinner spots .
a pimply kid in a medieval jester costume with a hat that looks like a red and yellow palm tree .
green - leafed palm trees dotted the shoreline and the sand was virtually undisturbed , silky and smooth as it wrapped around the water 's edge .
the wet fronds of the palm trees in the yard waved to greet the wind .
they were small birds , the size of an open palm , with slender lime - green bodies and red beaks .
she had driven by the strip mall on tuesday after an unbearably long day at school , but at the turn into the empty parking lot , she 'd lost her nerve and sped up , until the unlit neon palm sign was no long visible in her rearview mirror .
palm trees framed the horizon as the sun hung low in the sky .
she smiled when she saw the familiar palm tree lined streets of her childhood .
the wind blew the hanging spider plants and palm trees sideways .
palms , cacti , and a couple of beautifully maintained flower beds covered the gravel front yard .
the downstairs hallway was decorated with huge framed family photographs : school pictures , shots from family vacations to paris and san diego , and a portrait of the mercer family at what looked like a fancy wedding in palm springs .
i take a hit off my whisky and seven and i can see it just like he does - a giant orange sun dripping down into the bluest ocean you ever saw with palm trees genuflecting at its glory .
it 's a small baby - blue cube of chipped cinderblock with palm trees painted on the side .
with painted palm trees in the background .
atop the dais , seated among cushions and potted palms , was a white - robed man .
though the master had no visible weapons , the two servants fanning him with palm leaves were armed to the teeth .
hidden by towering palms and date trees sagging with the weight of their fruit , the baths were made from the same sea green and cobalt tiles that had formed the mosaic in the master 's chamber , kept cool by white awnings jutting out from the walls of the building .
celaena had had to wait in the shade of the palms until later in the afternoon to leave - and wound up walking the whole way back .
the winding , narrow streets that had been crammed with vendors were now empty , littered with errant palm fronds and piles of sand that slithered in the fierce winds from the sea .
it 's more of a flash when it happens to me , a set of images that hit me rapid - fire , one after another , always the same : a long path made of checkered purple - and - tan stones , opening to a wide - open area , palm trees , parked cars , bikes whizzing by , the sun high in the sky overhead .
everything 's familiar here : the california smells of exhaust and eucalyptus trees and carefully landscaped roses in the air , palm trees , the caltrain noise in the distance , the same old varieties of plants that i grew up with outside the windows .
i follow her out of the church , glad for the fresh air on my face , the sudden sun , the breeze that shifts the fronds in the palm trees at the edge of the quad .
angela pulls me past the burghers , until we 're standing at the top of the steps looking out at the oval and beyond it palm drive , the long street that 's lined with giant palm trees and marks the official entrance to the university .
angela pulls me past the burghers , until we 're standing at the top of the steps looking out at the oval and beyond it palm drive , the long street that 's lined with giant palm trees and marks the official entrance to the university .
a line of palm trees .
everyone who calls themselves your friend will be regaling each other with how you 're being shit on by your husband , that your kids do n't like you , and that the last plastic surgery you had done in palm springs was so botched it makes you look like you 're wearing perma - surprise . ''
the salton sea is a huge dead lake south of palm springs .
in palm springs , they came across a hotel that had shut down but had not yet been demolished , and their fortune began to change .
she finds him taking inventory of their canned goods and being very chatty with the guard , gleaning information about the plane crash and everything that happened since then from the 7 - eleven raids and their stint at the abandoned palm springs hotel to camp red heron and the egret academy .
wet palm fronds slapped his face , and half - buried rocks pounded his spine .
he knew what the man would find : only dried - out palm fronds , folded and bundled .
in the main entrance of rubbery palms , its floor - through carpet vast and beige as a desert , i stopped at a security desk , where i showed my driver 's license and got directions that landed us two floors up , at a half - moon - shaped nurses ' station .
` ` this is worse than my cousin marva 's wedding reception in palm springs .
tall palm trees with broad fronds screened the morning sun .
she drew her sword and stabbed it through the trunk of a palm tree with an easy thrust .
jason skipped aside as the palm tree toppled in his direction .
there were thick shrubs , some with big , glossy leaves , and tall palm trees .
the palm prints were on the outside .
palm trees sprouted from the landscape at irregular intervals .
there , in a sea of monochrome , a yellow lamborghini idled , bright as a child 's toy , a knot of palm trees as backdrop .
the palms lining the highway were lanes and lanes away .
sierra loved the look of the ferns and palms and orchids , but she never wanted to put in the effort to make them flourish .
sierra inserted two dried palm fronds into her updo , which was several shades closer to white than my blond hair .
the ocean breeze finding my skin , the starling overhead singing dreamily on a telephone wire , a dry palm leaf drifting down to rest on the concrete .
everything in this place was concrete and invented grass and palm spikes .
the names of the streets - mulholland drive and wilshire boulevard - and the names painted on the signs - hollywood , cheviot , beverly hills - called up thoughts of blond hair , red cars , palm trees , endless summer .
palm trees were exotic silhouettes against its face - movie - perfect , l.a.-perfect .
the sun was blazing pink down behind the sky - high palm trees and white mausoleums .
leon obediently plucked his phone from his slacks and framed the place cole indicated : the palm trees , all slanted to the right , silhouetted on the glory - pink sky behind a white mausoleum .
he was silhouetted by the very last of the pink sky and the tall , leaning palms .
it was impossible to think that california had n't made him , because he looked like he had emerged from the ground here along with the palms and the peacocks and the memorial of johnny ramone playing his guitar .
i could see palm trees and more roof decks .
it careened through the shimmering air before disappearing somewhere into the roof crevices of the rental house , palms hiding it .
there was no one to see me except for the black , starless sky , and the blacker silhouettes of the palms at the edge of the parking lot .
the palm trees were gone , the people , the houses .
there was the photo we took at hollywood forever cemetery , the sky blazing behind crooked palm trees .
a crazy , camel - shaped planter with palm trees jutting from it .
ferns crowded densely at the bases of small palms .
we sat like that for several gray - green minutes , the fronds of palms and ferns barely moving .
the houses were flatter , the cracks in the streets deeper , the palms drier .
a seasonally decorated palm tree and two faceless sunbathers were trapped inside , along with a painted , erroneous statement : it 's always christmas somewhere .
both ronan and chainsaw watched , transfixed , as the colorful bits caught in the palm tree .
the coast was lined with tropical plants and palm trees .
an enormous and endless ocean stretched to his right , a forest of palm trees to his left .
running through the screen door , i found a flashlight abandoned in the grass , its beam pointed at the woods that edged my grandfather 's yard - a scrubby wilderness of sawtoothed palmettos and trash palms that ran for a mile between circle village and the next subdivision , century woods .
all i could see were bookcases , filled mostly with knickknacks and pictures , a potted palm tree , a sofa , a coffee table , the desk and chair , and that was about it .
palm trees , waves breaking on a sparkling white beach , a few buildings with whitewashed walls and straw roofs .
patrick 's nocturna was slightly smaller than liza 's , although its wings were larger , and shaped almost like palm fronds .
they were driving under the leafy branches of clustered palm trees now , and the sunlight flashed onto her face , then disappeared behind the temporary shade of their latticed leaves .
towering over the crops , two stately rows of ponderous palm trees lined a neat dirt road against a backdrop of mountain peaks , right up to an ornate metal gate that was the entrance to the pairumani estate .
i imagine barons and dukes pulling on tall black boots and galloping out for a summer morning foxhunt through the majestic palm trees .
she was from california , someplace around palm springs .
i currently live in palm desert , ca .
it seems that she has found a hidden oasis , complete with palm - like trees with a shallow pool between .
unfortunately though , starting on the eighth day of my cruise there was a block of five nono days all together , so i came up with the solution , a holiday from the holiday , or to be more precise a flying visit to see itza , and then on to palm beach , florida for a few days - just to see how i was now supposed to live .
i was definitely in need of a reality check enter palm beach !
i had fortunately just missed palm beachs high season , thank the lord , but the place was still wall to wall millionaires , and most of them were members of the lucky sperm club ( donald trumpps saying , not mine ) , inherited money as opposed to those unfortunate ones that had to ( ugh ) work for it .
i had never been to palm beach before but people assured me that it was definitely in my league , but as we checked in i felt like the office junior being sent on an errand to the board room .
first we tried the hotels shopping arcade and that was a hoot , then we went for it big time and ventured out into the heart of the palm beachs shop till you drop zone .
out of sheer desperation , and to say that i had actually bought something in palm beach , i secretly purchased four watches , one for each of my travelling companions as a thank you present , nigh on twenty grand each , but that did include $ 250 each for wrapping them up prettily .
david and caroline got cindy a my parents went to palm beach and all they got me was this lousy tee - shirt tee - shirt - i promised to stand guarantor on the mortgage , and then that evening we got all dressed up and decided to go for a chinese , well as chinese as the hotels echo restaurant got , i never did get the hang of the stainless steel chop sticks , and so the last thing that i said to david and caroline as i bid them goodnight was please wake me up in time for the first flight off of this fantasy island .
after a swim and a change of clothes we were off to marigot town for some serious partying , i had a lot to catch up on after palm beach , so i ate when i felt like it , danced in the streets when the mood took me , and then decided to watch the grand parade ; until i became part of it .
one moment please , i will see if lady handsworthy is available hyacinth handsworthy speaking , how was palm beach then andrew ?
third things first , how on earth do you know about palm beach i spluttered ?
now that the ice was broken we small talked for a few minutes then i told her all about palm beach .
it was complete apart from the obligatory palm trees , bushes and flowers which would be arriving in a few days .
it was nt exactly my palm , it was the publicity blurb on a palm marine boat , a palm sports 540 , not the largest boat in the show by a long chalk , but it seemed to hit a spot , so off we went to find the relevant stand , which was the easy part , the hard part was actually getting to speak to a sales person .
it was nt exactly my palm , it was the publicity blurb on a palm marine boat , a palm sports 540 , not the largest boat in the show by a long chalk , but it seemed to hit a spot , so off we went to find the relevant stand , which was the easy part , the hard part was actually getting to speak to a sales person .
fortunately for her i did nt just buy a sport 540 , by the end of the day in the bag with it went a palm islander 600 , all sixty - three feet ( 19.3 metres ) of european styling ( apparently ) , that could do over thirty knots .
a palm islander 420 also went in , forty - two feet ( 13.4 metres ) of sophisticated luxury ( i must stop reading all those brochures ) , but that could only do twenty - nine knots : i suppose it would be ok for pottering about in ; perhaps for a quick ( ish ) trip to a local beach , and i would nt even worry too much if the family used it occasionally .
daughter cindy , for some obscure reason had just loved the tee - shirt that her parents had brought her back from palm beach , and would like one just like it from everywhere that they went without her .
it was nt one of the more prestigious clubs that i occasionally visited ( unfortunately most of their members were right up their own backsides , any further and they would be seeing daylight ) , but after he assured me that it was more relaxed than my usual haunts , i agreed , and sunday morning found us both in my palm islander 420 making our way towards the spinnaker yacht club .
there were numerous symbols on the flags including eagles and shields , clovers and palm trees and anchors and cannons .
sharianna pulled off her spacesuit and slung it over a small palm tree that was growing almost horizontal to the ground .
only one small cloud , similar to a humans palm , like prophet elija has seen in his days , was surfing above .
alexander hamilton crosses puds palm and cool , salving medicine is administered from a rusted spigot .
its palm tree masts were festooned with purple lilacs .
the a - shaped roof was thatched with small branches laid close together and over these long jungle grass and palm fronds , with a final coating of clay .
~ ~ chapter 11 ~ one less mystery ` ` where 'd the palms and plants come from ? ''
of course , in other cases some greasing of palms has been necessary .
same streets , white buildings and agglomerated , palm trees and of course thousands of shops .
i stood in a jungle of palm trees through which wriggled a million vivid - hued dragons !
the palm trees were there , and the dragons , but the trees were artificial and stood in great pots and the dragons writhed across heavy tapestries which hid the walls .
i stood before the lacquer screen , the yellow smoke acrid in my nostrils , the woven dragons writhing along the tapestries , the palm trees rearing thick and oppressive .
there were the artificial palms , the lacquered screens , the tapestries , even the idol , though now no incense smoke rose before it .
his eyelids fluttered , and he realized that the black bars striping his face were the shadows of the palm leaves above him , swaying in a soft breeze .
she dragged him away from the waves and towards a group of rocks beside a rising stone slope , surrounded by more palm trees and tall blades of bamboo .
two older girls walked onto the beach towards the water on the other side of the palm tree under which he had lain after being tossed up from the storm .
layers of palm oil had been wiped on and then hand buffed into the interior and exterior surface of the cage twice weekly for millennia ; polishing the metal to an almost mirrored smoothness .
and when rubbed with palm oil over generations , they lasted much better than any form of paper or papyrus in the wet and humid jungles .
the sun streamed through the open window filtered by the palms outside , a warm breeze blew in off the bay ... .. the storm long gone .
the rather tired looking palm trees seemed listless in the heavy air .
it has no walls and a palm roof .
eventually the only sound was the gentle surf breaking on the beach , the rattle of the evening breeze in the palms and the constant chatter of the night insects interspersed by the threatening rustle of some hunting night creature .
it was a lot cooler now , the onshore breeze sighing through the canopy of palm trees , the night quiet punctuated by the thump of the occasional fallen coconut , the sky ablaze with stars typical of the tropics .
the pinecone rich trees began to change into palms , but they still had enough cover to keep shade hidden in the shadows .
the lit torches were long gone and he was secluded in a forest of rustling palms .
he stood and started trotting through the dense palm and pine forest .
she smiled and alex started walking through the thick weave of the palm trees and shrubs .
it was the size of a persons palm and had thick and sturdy bristles .
the jade turned to ash in adoullas palm , and there was a noise like a crashing wave .
well , not the smallest , which would be the one in palm bay , but that one is only used for the most part by some rich asshole that lives in chicago as the local community likes to say .
she found a good spot near the stone wall where palm trees cast a decent shade and settled in .
hot , humid air hammered its way inside and the palms surrounding the landing strip were bent almost double from the force of the tropical wind .
she leaned back and looked out at the piles of overturned palms , waiting to be cut up and hauled away .
the palm fronds which hung over the patio shifted in a fresh breeze .
next to the majestic house pillars stood two tall palm trees .
a tall , lanky man emerged from the drivers side wearing raggedy jeans and a yellow , purple , orange , and green tiki shirt complete with girls in grass skirts and palm trees .
as she rested beneath a small palm tree she studied the top of the ridge again .
out in the open , midway between the top and the protection of the palm tree , mariposa saw the bird of prey rise into the sky .
everyone was so full of joy that on seeing their lord and teacher they began to wave palm leaves .
when she hopped off the story mat and looked around , she saw that they were actually on a small island no bigger than a football field , with a single palm tree .
we were in an oasis in the desert , with a cool breeze , waving palm trees and crystal - clear water .
when the sun came up , tabas was revealed as a beautiful , traditional type town with adobe walls and palm trees .
the city was wonderfully bright , with palm trees rustling along the road sides an incredible contrast to the iranian winter i d just escaped .
they were set out like an oasis with palm trees , colourful flower beds , exotic shrubs and sandy beaches beside a lagoon .
the whole area was surrounded by bright green ferns and tall palm trees .
matilda looked around again and saw that they were standing in an area of sand dunes and , behind them , was an oasis with palm trees dotted throughout and a clear blue lake in its centre .
the cheeky elf was lying in a hammock , strung between two palm trees , playing his flute .
when scarborough got back from winning , the hourglass lasts race , 1001 arabian nightmares and the beast cup both with an ease and grace unknown to any other horse and rider team she was more than surprised to find a challenge decreed on a large flyer that was tacked to every palm tree within city limits : a contest to lady godolphin and her mighty stallion kingston !
sandy beaches became visible with palm trees along the shore and men lined the bulwarks gazing on what might be their salvation .
although the natives were impossible targets in their canoes skimming across the sea , their villages along the beach behind the line of palms were not invulnerable .
the three ships sailed along the beachfront , firing off broadsides of two salvoes each , demolishing the palm - thatch houses and much of the forest as well .
next morning , pigafetta went ashore with a boatload of the sick and worked pitching tents for them under the palm trees beyond the beach , as the captain general instructed .
resting in the shade of the palm trees and looking out over the panorama of tall islands and calm blue sea , they were free for the first time in many weeks from foreboding as to the future .
garas - garas brought gifts of pigs , fowl , fruit , vegetables , two large baskets of rice , a bamboo tube full of honey , jars of palm wine and a walking stick with a solid gold head as big as an egg .
magellan invited him to sit with him on the poop in red velvet chairs to drink a cup of the palm wine , and his retinue squatted on the deck at their feet .
duarte chose to challenge him on this point as they sat over dinner one night in trinidads great cabin ; a rich dinner of roast pork , fruit , vegetables and palm wine such as they could not have dreamed of a few weeks before .
the coconut palm touched every aspect of these peoples lives and he described in his journal how they make wine from the tree by cutting the bark and suspending containers beneath to catch the dripping sap .
the coconut is truly a wonderful commodity and a whole family can sustain itself with two palm trees , using one tree one week and the other tree the next , and they have thus understood the art of husbandry .
on maundy thursday , the fleet arrived off an island not as high as humanhom , which was the native name for new providence , but also with palm trees , sandy beaches and water so clear that gardens of bright coral could be seen on the bottom , with shoals of exotic fish .
then the rajah took pigafettas hand and the datu took henriqus and they led them like children along a well - worn path among the trees to a village where the houses were built of planks and bamboo above the ground on piles , with palm - thatch roofs and with pigs , goats , chickens , dogs and children underneath .
the body , anointed with camphor , lay in an open coffin and the women , all dressed in white , sat on mats around it , each with a servant to fan her with a palm frond .
now the ground consecrated for burials could be utilised for a tabernacle like the one at port st julian , with a platform adorned with hangings and palm fronds for the baptism on sunday .
after luncheon came the turn of the women , first of whom was the rani , or queen ; young and beautiful unlike her husband , wearing white silk embroidered in gold and a hat like the popes made of palm leaves .
pigafetta may not have noticed that the men of the armada were plied with the potent palm wine while humabon and his people drank abstemiously .
sonorous gongs produced a hush and then , from beyond the firelight , two crones appeared while platters of rice and roast fish wrapped in palm leaves were placed on a tapa cloth before the rajah with a squealing , bound pig .
the tempo rose to a frenzy , the drums to an urgent tattoo , and the two crones wheeled and pranced , sprinkling the pig with palm wine as a white - robed magellan had sprinkled the rajah and his wife with rosewater .
the fire burned down and the pig , wrapped in palm leaves , was consigned to the embers .
supper was a foul - smelling fish broth with rice , and palm wine drunk with the same ceremony as practiced on other islands : raising clasped hands to the sky as if in prayer .
they have distilled rice wine that is better than the palm wine of cebu and the women have the same equipment as all other women .
pigafettas elephant was one of a convoy winding its way along a road lined with palm trees towards the fortress , with the kings palace inside .
the shoreline of sandy beaches backed by palm trees curved away into the distance and in the misty blue he made out another town and beyond that , mount kinabalu with its peak hidden in cloud .
this ship had a cargo of sawn timber for building houses or boats , rice in bags , coconuts , urns of palm oil and a couple of bags full of little black sticks with a strong scented smell .
as the hour of departure approached , the rajahs of tidore and bacchian and the governors of mutir and macchian those who had contributed to the armadas cargo gathered in their finery for the farewell ceremony on a sandy beach beneath the palm trees .
red roses grew on balconies overlooking the street and the patio was a cool grotto of ferns , palms and geraniums watered by the spray from a fountain .
there were small palm trees in large turquoise pots and all of the railings and banisters looked to be exquisitely polished brass .
the general lost his helmet from a palm thrust and a broken nose from it being taken off so violently .
it shot between them playfully , squeezed into a tight little ball , bounced off pink palm trees , whistled a happy tune , turned into a huge melon and crashed on her head .
it was a low - level building surrounded by palm trees .
after having makeup applied by a different lady raphael headed on set and found a paradisiacal background of blue sky and palm trees behind an expansive sandpit with a bar in it .
the sky was going that dark blue that makes the palm trees into long - necked silhouettes with just a hint of color to them browns and greens gently fading into grays and blacks .
i knew that the day would finally come , and in truth in the beginning i did hate giving speeches , and would wriggle out of them given half a chance , but along with many other courses that i had taken since my disastrous visit to palm beach , i had taken presentation / speeches , and was now getting more relaxed about them , so i reluctantly agreed that i might look favourably on an invitation to the summer banquette six months hence , and with a curt i will be in touch she hung up , with not even a thank - you , she really should work on her diplomacy skills .
he walked through a narrow pass , between coconut palms , leading to the birds property .
each body is rubbed all over with palm oil so it will shine .
they are packed again into a small boat and they pray to that god they had not seen , they hope and they cling to each other , the grasp futile as all are slippery with the palm oil .
it had a palm tree painted on the front door . ''
the golden sands , blue ocean waters , bougainvillea flowers , palm trees , brown eyed , black haired , beautiful women .
in front of the barracks he jumped on the base shuttle bus with full intentions of walking out gate # 2 then down gate 2 street to bc street and the palms club bar .
also , the lrf platform used by older models of the sony reader does not permit the use of links to external urls , whereas the pdb platform used by palm reading devices does not support any form of linking whatsoever .
let us sit over here , he led the boy to a fallen date palm by the river .
he swallowed hard and sat down with his back to a palm tree .
tahirs problems all but forgotten , until the suns rays pierced through the palms in the west .
her leafy hair swayed in the breeze like palm fronds .
oraden managed to hit one of the hyenas square in the chest with his hind legs , sending it flying into a date palm ; it did not get up again .
roddy took off through the palms , not waiting for the sprites to get completely situated .
tahir fed the small flame with dry palm bark gathered along the way .
* * * * * by noon of the third day , they stood behind a palm tree on the edge of the village .
he tied targets on the fronds of palm trees to swing in the wind .
the water continued to flow heavily through the jungle though it was not rising , with a meagre effort he pulled himself clear of the waterlines chill and took refuge in the trees enormous palms .
at low tide , the isle was a one half kilometer cluster of palms and mangroves with a wide , shallow sand beach on the southern side , and a reef and lagoon complex on the north side .
it was not a deep pool and she was able to clamber out of the hole and sneak across into the heavy growth of palms behind it .
screwge wet duck , arkansas the driver , maurice lapin , one of the old timers and the purser of the pelican , and pulled the rusty duck into the shade of an overhanging palm tree , killed the engine , and tossed a boarding ladder over the side for the convenience of anyone wanting to climb back aboard .
several began sunning on the white sand , many romped in the surf , a few were relaxed in the meager shade provided by the overhanging palm trees , but all were drinking beer and having a good time .
close to a mangrove thicket , under the shade of the palm trees , yan yu chan sat in a lawn chair sipping a beer and reading a cheap detective novel .
< < > > dark yacht unbeknownst to the pelican , two crewmen from the dark yacht had been hiding out in the palm and mangrove thicket on little curieuse , watching the actions of the pelicans crew .
matthew and tommy scanned the lobby for possible trouble , but there were no suspicious men hidden behind newspapers or peering through the potted palms .
< < > > at the same time , in the quiet little bar on the roof of the hotel , charles and henrietta smythe - stuttler were sitting in the shade of a potted palm , their backs to the gorgeous view of the harbor .
grabbing katharine around the waist , he dived into the underbrush of ferns and palms lining the sides of the path .
the shot clipped a metal signpost next to the girl and augured into a palm tree .
< < > > under the shade of the palm trees , chan once again sat in his rickety beach chair , smearing zinc oxide on his nose .
as the afternoon heated up , the crew slowly migrated to the meager shade of the palms high on the beach , watching soft white clouds scudding across the sky above the clear blue waves .
he stands on deck tucking his shirt in while now hearing only the brushing sounds of the swaying palm trees .
the unusual brushing sound of the palm branches alerts his ears on this very quiet night .
a silhouette whispers between the moonlit shadows of the palm trees , casanova , is that you on board ?
he laughs to see she has decorated it with palm trees , and wonders where she could have possible gotten them .
cass thinks they are a real eye catcher ; palm trees in lisbon ?
a rustling sound comes through the palm trees .
a black mans face appears through a parting fan palm tree .
i turn to look to where he points on the opposite side facing the beach , through the palm trees a skyscraper built of clear glass 100 stories high sits with a beachfront view .
they look more like some type of giant palms .
at the edges there were dark palm prints of a tolmec , repeated again and again .
all of a sudden , it looked as if the crystals turned into liquid and sank into the skin of chads palm .
` ` look closely , '' geheimnis called back , going on a little way ahead , bringing his horse to a halt just beneath the huge palm .
wi had di palm trees dat love di sun , trees dat grow tall inna di hot hot days .
some were covered with clotheslines and tv antennas , while others had palm trees in large planters with various tropical plants around them .
he could see the tall palm trees and tropical vegetation up and down the coastline .
the tropical breeze blew in from the sea through the palm trees and papaya leaves .
the tall palm trees fluttered in the warm breeze and the peacefulness of the tiny caribbean island emerged to show itself after the night - long storm .
clearly , its not a palm tree .
mexico is native to palm trees along with any tropic climates for the soil .
the mesoamerican artist would have known what a palm tree is and how to draw one .
that had spooked him so bad he 'd strapped the can onto the back of his harley and raced up to the beach and into the sea grapes , only stopping to throw some palm fronds over the bike .
he d even read in the paper where a giant octopus had been found off the coast of the breakers hotel in palm beach .
the gossip was all over the palm beach set and alicia could nt tolerate that .
the frontage was lined with areca palms , which screened the house from view and the backyard looked like a miniature rain forest .
there were some magnificent ferns spreading thickly through the trees and travelers palms pushing up , tall and symmetrical , like giant fans , amidst the scrub ; even an occasional wild orchid clung high to a tree branch , though there were none blooming to disturb the monotone scenery .
the indian was lounging against an areca palm nearby , its feathery fronds partially obscuring him .
no stranger to mansions , she had spent several years working for estate attorneys in palm beach , shanna was aware that most domestic staff these days were either hispanic , black or asian .
in short order he had erected a little chickee from dried palm fronds and a cypress framework that he had disassembled and hidden from his previous trip .
the area seemed to be dense with cabbage palms and saw palmetto .
the heat became brutal and he stopped to fashion himself a large boat - shaped hat from a palm frond .
as long as he attended the palm beach socialite functions whenever she wanted him there , paid dutiful attention and charmed the old hags of the old money set , then alicia turned a blind eye .
the monthly meeting of a local paralegal association was scheduled for tonight in downtown west palm and shanna needed to attend .
princess pamela , debutante of the year , the darling of the palm beach social set .
they would love to see some palm beachers reduced to life on the other side of the bridge .
they walked up a footpath towards a large house framed by palm trees .
just outside the window , a yellow weaver bird was busy stripping a palm leaf to build his nest on the tip of a bouncing branch .
down in the towel - sized back garden , the spiky tops of slender cordyline palms waved forth and back .
we took a tour around town and i saw spacious houses with lush palm gardens .
yellow weaver birds made their bulbous nests from strips of palm leaves .
a line of green tall palm trees is positioned on the left .
tenth facee i zigzag towards the clump of palm trees around the other facees then slowly walk to the tenth facee .
even in a jaded town like palm beach , frank beretta was much envied , though not for his successful business , car collection , new sport fisherman , or classic bungalow near the north end of the island .
in palm beach people were either too cool to care or pretended to be .
lear five three lima golf , turn to heading zero nine zero final for runway nine left palm beach roger , palm beach .
twenty minutes later frank was pulled over by a palm beach police officer .
after all , the palm beach population dropped by half during the summer .
joey , i ' m sorry for the short notice , but i m flying into palm beach later this morning .
he still adhered to a dress code that had him looking like an investment banker even in the heat of palm beach .
but for the magnetic pull of silicon valley he d have been tempted to move dynamic integritys headquarters to palm beach with its great climate , beautiful beaches , and no state income tax .
i 'd planned to stay in palm beach overnight , but our mission changed .
when jill left joey turned to gabe and said in earnest , so , welcome to palm beach and how can i help you ?
i hope the next time i come to palm beach i have a chance to stay long enough to enjoy the town .
at a run they took ninety seconds to get back to the boat and were pulling away before the flashing lights on the police and rescue vehicles could be seen illuminating the palm trees in front of the house .
as the jet ranger lifted off and headed east the flames engulfing the house became clearly visible near the north end of palm beach .
a man dressed in tan chinos , a white open collared shirt and a blue sports jacket walked into the palm beach offices of s3 and strode confidently to the desk of jill kline who would later describe him as perfectly non - descript .
frank picked up one of his cell phones , the one set to route calls through his palm beach office number .
mac larsen was waiting on bermuda with a citation x ready to take off for palm beach .
at least one other body has been discovered , as have the personal effects of an american , mr . frank beretta , of palm beach , florida .
palm trees , boats , and broken homes bobbed in the dark water , remnants of a once beautiful beach town .
visions of pale sandy beaches with sparkling white - leaved palm trees and serene blue oceans filled her mind .
we will be having a private reception at the palms nightclub .
there were three nightclubs in baumtown , of them , the palms was by far the most elaborate .
the entrance portico was held up with four posts carved to look like palm trees .
the mural behind the band area showed more palm trees and distant waves .
the owner of the palms , timothy dolan stepped on the stage and approached the microphone .
the homes grew smaller and closer together until finally swisher stopped next to a large date palm .
he scrambled to his feet , ducking behind the trunk of a palm tree as a bullet clipped it .
they retreated to the big palm tree by the road .
palm trees was their official name , he believed , but how could it be possible ?
they walked upon neat cobblestone roads surrounded by palm trees .
before them stood a large tree house which seemed to be composed of oak , palm leaves , stones and bamboo .
the sun was shining and the palm trees seemed especially happy to have the snow off of them .
the landscape was barren save a few dead and leafless palm tree trunks ready to fall .
flashing back to the present , the green palm trees morph into my current reality of barren snow .
jim chuckles , his breath all puffs of steam , his arms clasped across his chest and replies , ` ` well it ai n't palm springs , i know that ! ''
palm tree , containing complex lines , circles and balls of fire .
we met people who were virtually dying , saw dead bodies washed up on the beach , and then happy people walking hand in hand , and then disappearing with laughter into the bushes ; all amongst palm trees , the sand , and the sea .
sofia saw the wings for the first time , furled out behind the fangen like a horrific version of giant palm leaves .
gusting winds tugged at the palm fronds and sent leaves whipping through the air .
she stared at her palm tree lamp until her eyes felt as if they were filled with ground glass and closed reluctantly .
beyond tables and potted palms , shelves were laden with books .
power lines and palm trees poke up into a constant cloudless sky .
drifting down to the far end , a light brown trunk , patterned with white african animals and palm trees , sat on the back wall .
it was fringed by shallow dunes on either side and a line of palm trees to the rear .
palm trees behind her , sand beneath her , clear blue sky above her and a wide open turquoise sea spread out before her .
eventually they reached their usual private spot between the dunes fringed by palm trees , and they dumped their baggage .
neil , who was watching from his spot amongst the palm trees up on the beach , celebrated with the encouragement and support of noisy whistles and whoops .
heather surning sat down beneath an old and battered palm tree on the beach .
heather surning sat at her regular spot amidst the shadows of the ancient palm with the odd green sprig protruding from its bough .
there were perfectly manicured lawns of soft green grass bordered by an assortment of palm trees , umbrella trees with their huge leaves and cypress conifers , which were strangely out of place .
brian sat on the cooler sand beneath the shade of a palm tree , leaned back against the trunk and started to roll a joint .
it was later and neil and brian had retired to the shade beneath a palm tree where they sat chatting and sharing a joint .
two flames appeared , illuminating the kembers palms .
or the scorching desert of arabia , nothing but sky and sand for a hundred miles then , just as you think you will die for the want of a drink and your eyes are so crusted with flies you are nearly blind , an oasis , shaded by swaying palms , with deep wells filled with icy water and dates as soft and juicy as plums .
it was much bigger inside than it looked from without and this room was furnished with luxuriant palms , carved sideboards and soft ottomans , giving the whole an understated air of wealth and comfort .
for two pennies a woman offered him a pomegranate and flat bread filled with spiced lamb and he found a place under a date palm to eat .
the warmth of the day spread over him and he dozed under the swaying palms in peaceful contentment .
christian thanked them for their kindness and rode on and a pretty barefoot beggar led him to neilimans house , a pink stone building with lush palms shading a fountain splashing in the middle of a courtyard filled with flowers .
drays filled with fresh cut grasses , slabs of quivering meat and baskets of fish all disappeared into the palm shaded courtyard , the big wooden gates closing swiftly behind them .
the island was covered in palm trees and other vegetation , and there was a fresh water spring with a small pool in the middle of it , which was a blessing , especially during the digging days .
it also had banana trees , coconut and date palms , so they had nt had to return to the clarissa for food or water .
jake took her hand and led her to a palm tree that had fallen near the edge where the beach met the trees .
the way the palm trees leaned over the water at both sides of the entrance made it appear that there was no anchorage here .
stop lookin at the water and look just a wee bit oer it and yell see a wee bit o palm , just there , jake repositioned him .
the palm trees were lush and thick with coconuts .
a vicious growl started deep in his throat , rising furiously before being expelled in a loud grunt as his fist made contact with the nearest palm tree , leaving his knuckles cut , bleeding and swollen .
the jungle was shrouded in darkness , even the full moon was of little use amongst the palms and jeff had a slow and difficult journey back to the clarissa .
there were a million tree roots to trip over , as well as the coconuts , palm fronds and tree branches that littered their path .
it seemed to be nothing but vines and palm trees in this area .
the rock was visible to her now , but it was draped in creeper vines and very well camouflaged behind the palms and banana trees .
dianna grabbed the nearest palm frond and swept them away .
they came to a fallen palm tree and jake took her hand and gently pulled her over to the tree .
celeste sat on the rough palm and jake returned his cutlass to its sheathe and sat beside her .
jake took her hand again and led her through a tangle of vines and small palm trees to a tiny open area .
her voice was close and jake could now see her leaning against a palm , a small clearing just in front of them and he ran to her , replacing his cutlass as he did .
once when ye killed marianna , he pushed jeff back hard against a palm tree , his head rebounding off its trunk and the blade of jakes cutlass slammed into the tree beside jeffs neck .
she and her masked companion stepped away from the prone figure on the altar as wassawa lifted a gourd of palm wine to his lips .
she 'd walked beneath a palm tree and stepped into its shadow .
she attempted to blast him with magic , but he evaded it with a back flip and levitated atop of a palm tree .
scold crimson possessed a palm tree , also taking his defense belt with him .
demo sensed my life point , charged grenades with holy light , and started throwing at the palm tree .
the taste was there , but it was of ash and blood , the cinders and smoke of rainforests , slashed and burnt for the oil of palm .
lucifer noticed quite a few walking palms seeming to creep sluggishly upon their long stilted roots .
as the gateway winked out behind them , they found themselves amid tall palms and other trees from which the elves had constructed an entire town high in the jungle canopy .
it was already a hot day , and he lay in the shadow of palm trees .
the lotus blossoms , amaranths * and palms enriched the zephyrs with their fragrant balms , and rainbow - colored lovebirds trilled among the vines , where grapes the size of melons hung .
if coconuts fell up , instead of down , we would nt find them lying on the ground ; we d have to climb the palm trees .
people would much rather lounge on the shores of the neva or thames now that the palm has been successfully transplanted to northern europe as a result of the continuing warming trend .
their dwellings should be placed between seven and ten kilometers apart , and the number of pacific palms in their backyards should be limited to two ( one female , one male ) because they have been known to violate international noise laws during certain swinging rituals involving the trees .
the security guys were busy watching two girls in tight minis and absurdly high heels totter past , so i took a chance and emerged from my half - concealed position behind a palm tree across the driveway .
small and lithe , with blue soles and palms , they lived on an island miles from anywhere but porton .
lodden took a seat on the bench under the great date palm that shaded the corner and admired his surroundings .
a few minutes later , the dust storm hit them , and swirls of stray palm tree fronds and sand whipped at their bodies .
a large palm frond sailed past the car , disintegrating in the wind .
outside , the storm appeared to be abating , as the palm trees in the neighbors yard appeared to be thrashing around less violently than when they had first arrived .
from where she sat , meredith enjoyed a view of the sparkling pool in the backyard surrounded by half a dozen uplit palm trees .
jake loved palm trees so his front lawn had four of them and a yard service agency sent someone once a week so his lawn was always well - manicured .
she had a spacious , well - maintained yard with a rose garden positioned near the front door and miniature palm trees dotting the landscape .
so big was this terrifying mass ( which dwanars also called the stone of death ) , that its plummet must have been visible from every corner of the world , and seemed to last forever , so that by the time they had fled in a panic to the date palm grove they were met by their parents , too frantic to scold them and equally unknowing of what to do .
thus they were driven back to the shore , where they were confronted by an even more petrifying sight : the sea , its turquoise waters calm as a lullaby so little ago , raged now black and blue , while tall waves like rabid frothing mouths agape crashed brutally against the beach , so that they had to scramble up the palm trees , lest they be dragged in and drowned and high above the sky , dim as dusk in the burning stones dark shadow , yet moonless and starless as if put out , extinguished , dead .
this was the end , no doubt about it , and in the sudden stillness of the air , as if the spectacle had robbed reality of its breath , they wept and wailed and sliding down the limp palm trees they fell on their knees and sobbed , because the aquatic mountain range had slowly begun its fatal progression towards them , and before long it would descend upon them like death itself , on this day they had never known would be their last .
when the silversong had drifted close enough , the palm trees about the oasis began to bend back against the high winds of the ship 's approach , and the body of water simultaneously erupted into massive geysers .
this is the truth about jungle trails at night : there are rattling palm leaves and buzzing cidadas and snapping twigs .
he crouched down and dug out something from under the standing stone , it was an oiled leather bundle wrapped in palm leaves and tied with twine .
so it was that a palm - frond basket was made for the cacao pods , and a blanket of soft grasses was laid down for them .
the landscape looked tulkarian : a tropical jungle , lush with palm trees , vines , insects , and a rushing river .
we walked past cardinal and warbler streets , past central and shrike streets , past the street where i worked at the blackbridge banner , and past the bakery where liz once wondered why the walls and tables were covered with maps of human palms .
as he stood and stretched his arms and legs , his mother went to the stream and lifted a palm size stone from the bed .
nestled by the sea , the wooden houses with palm leaf rooftops looked unusually small , but all the more comforting for it .
it seemed they were headed back to miltons place a small bar in a palm grove between the docks and town .
he jumped powerfully into the air without awaiting a response , clearing the yellow sand beach and the first dozen or so palm trees before presumably landing on the beach path .
he thought he saw the vague shape of a palm tree in one of the smaller clouds , with a smattering of circular clouds below that could easily have been fallen coconuts .
the summer winds are soft and warm they blow from desert and waving palm .
up the slope of sand there was nothing but palm trees and hills above .
there were no palm trees , now he saw oak trees of green , orange , and yellow leaves like the autumn of burnahdujf .
some houses were made of palm tree leaves and thick oak wood .
she also saw many fern species and orchids hanging from tall palm trees .
ali smiled , try this , this is one of my favorites , its made of sticky rice flour rolled into small balls , but before that its filled with palm sugar , poached , and served topped with grated coconuts .
[ ] [ ] [ ] the naked man was lying on his canvass beneath a palm tree .
the dragonman had taken the worst of the crash , having been tossed from the prow violently , skidding across the sands until his violent journey ended abruptly at a nearby palm tree .
and with that , she was gone , vanished into the palm trees like a shadow .
the great red tongues that came lashing out of thin purple palms had long forgotten lenk .
they crossed the border into florida , and shadow saw his first palm tree .
when i thought of palm springs , i thought of movie stars and golf courses .
` ` palm springs may be your post , '' said stanton , ` ` but this assignment is coming from places in the organization that are far above your reach .
if you are so against her placement , mr . darnell , i will personally see that you are transferred out of palm springs and do n't have to deal with her at all . ''
i had to imagine that with its climate , palm springs did n't see a lot of vampire action .
because although palm springs was n't desirable for vampires , it sounded kind of awesome for humans .
` ` there 's only one moroi we know of living in palm springs , '' said keith .
if abe mazur was in residence in palm springs , that would alter things significantly .
the drive to palm springs was agony .
we reached palm springs late in the afternoon and got to work immediately with our tasks .
once our errands were done , keith left me for his apartment in downtown palm springs .
stanton had told me to keep our location in palm springs secret , but giving up that we were domestic would n't hurt too much and might make my mom think i had an easier job ahead of me than i likely did .
clarence had lived in palm springs for three years , ever since the death of his niece in los angeles , which had apparently had quite a traumatic effect on the man .
the house was straight out of a gothic movie , boxy and made of gray bricks that were completely at odds with most of the palm springs architecture we 'd scene .
the only reminder that we were in southern california was the ubiquitous palm trees surrounding the house .
he was palm springs ' alchemist , after all , and he 'd believed clarence was the only moroi in the area .
from what i 'd learned , i was more convinced than ever that palm springs was the least active vampire area anywhere .
he had mentioned an ` ` obvious reason '' for coming to palm springs , and then abe had hinted at some ulterior motive that adrian himself did n't know about .
palm trees skirted along lush green lawns .
i doubted the sweaters would see much wear , unless a freak apocalyptic blizzard hit palm springs .
` ` out of palm springs ? ''
forcing her to play sports out in the full blaze of the palm springs sun was cruel .
we were just outside of palm springs proper , nearing the very impressive - looking desert gods golf course and resort .
jill showed no signs of injury , and the attack had occurred a week before she came to palm springs .
he hitchhiked into town - to palm springs - and ended up partying with some people who were going to la .
it was breathtaking , especially after my first week in the desert of palm springs .
adrian slept for a lot of the way back to palm springs .
` ` as far as we know , everyone 's right - strigoi do n't want to hang out in palm springs . ''
it turned out that the city of palm springs was really pretty .
three blocks away , through the leaves of some palm trees , i could just barely make out a sign that read nevermore in ornate gothic lettering .
all it 's going to take is some janitor investigating and saying pipes do n't randomly freeze - especially in palm springs ! ''
i 'd been living with the fear of my own failure since coming to palm springs but only now realized that eddie had just as much on the line .
rather than cover it up , jill confessed and told the truth : she and lee had gone off campus , into palm springs .
by both clarence 's and the alchemists ' accounts , no moroi on record had lived in the palm springs area .
that would complicate our setup here in palm springs because we 'd either have to move clarence or bring in someone .
keith had taken care of me , making moves to get me out of palm springs and bring in someone new and inexperienced who would n't interfere with his illicit tattoo operation .
one call with the kind of news i had , and alchemists would swoop in on palm springs - and on keith .
` ` is that the reason you wanted me out of palm springs ? ''
i was sitting on the end of a row of seats at jill 's fashion show almost a week later , in downtown palm springs , waiting for things to start .
i had mocked keith when we first came to palm springs , teasing him for freezing up around moroi .
all of them had been killed within the last five years , in either los angeles or palm springs , and many had documented evidence of knowing him .
alchemists were in and out of palm springs all week , cleaning up the mess and interviewing everyone who 'd been involved .
this weather sucks , but palm springs might be good for me - it and all the wonders it contains .
annoyance stabbed hei - lian as behind her a new crew member turned to lose his lunch in the weeds among the palm trees a hundred meters from the village .
` ` we got nigerians up ahead past these palm trees . ''
she does palm and tarot readings from home . ''
somewhere with palm trees .
` ` only if there were room enough for a dragon , '' laurence said , and excused himself to step outside and take the air : in the dark , with the lights of the house shining and the garden full of palm - trees and fruit bats obscured , he might have been at exactly that sort of manor , which he might indeed have imagined for himself , six years and a lifetime ago .
but the island , as it drew nearer , gave no evidence of particular fecundity : some green jungle carpeting a central peak , which could not be convenient to dig through ; and the visible shore mostly black rock and sand through the spyglass lens : a scattering of palm - trees and scrub , sea - birds diving .
each morning saw the shore strewn afresh with driftwood and seaweed , palm fronds blown down upon them , the splatted excrement of the crying gulls objecting to the intrusion of so noisy a party into their domain .
they worked all together the next few hours in the worst of the day 's heat , digging a fresh cellar for the foodstuffs and lining it with palm bark and leaves , and carrying over what remained of the biscuit and pork .
` ` there is n't any biscuit to run out : a couple of those big palms came down in the stream , and a corner of it has been trickling into the new cellar for the last four hours . ''
ferris had already put some of the men to prying open the ruined barrels and shifting what biscuit was not soaked into new containers roughly formed out of palm leaves .
mayhew would come with them ; he had held himself back from the worst excesses of the celebration , merely taken a cocoanut shell of the homemade grog and stood off in the shade of the palms with several fellows talking , which had spared him both a charge of mutiny and kulingile 's wrath .
he walked her down the path to a blind corner shielded by a broad - leafed palm .
i eased around on the bench to see dawn coming down the street , palm trees framing her on both sides , her gait crooked .
across the street , the tall phoenix palms rustled in the ocean breeze and lifted the hair around her face .
just far enough for a tongue , large as a palm leaf , red as mahogany , to lick up a few errant feathers .
bezam stood alone and looked around at the cobwebbed interior of the odium , his overheated imagination peopling its dark corners with potted palms , gold leaf and fat cherubs .
he 'd patrolled the whore pits often enough , although mrs palm and the guild of seamstresses were trying to persuade the patrician to rename the area the street of negotiable affection .
' smells more like mrs palm 's house of negotiable affection to me , ' said the senior wrangler .
the door of mrs palm 's discreet establishment opened at granny 's knock .
is mrs palm at home ? '
mrs palm is an old friend .
' let 's get back to mrs palm 's . '
' nice of mrs palm to let us stay there gratis , ' she said .
' mrs palm was saying only this morning that she 's thinking of retiring next year . '
there were the little square boxes for the towns and cities , and cut - out palm trees to indicate the known oasisies .
people who neglected to obey the ... no , not the law as such , call them the unwritten rules ... as laid down by mrs palm and her committee of very experienced ladies 15 attracted the attention of the agony aunts , dotsie and sadie , and might or might not be seen again .
his admission caused a lot of argument in the guild , who knew competition when they saw it , but mrs palm overruled opposition on the basis , she said , that unnatural acts were only natural .
the poor man is several palms short of an oasis . '
' here , look , those palm trees down there look really small . '
palm trees waved in the background .
where there had been a dark rectangle opening into the geographer 's dingy study , there was now only waving palms and sunlit sand .
it was simply that she 'd made some remark about how hot the sun was , as anyone might , and suddenly wizards were getting in each other 's way as they vied with one another to cut poles and weave palm leaves .
' but she did say it was still a bit warm , so possibly you can fan her with a palm leaf while i peel these grapes for her . '
her privacy was assured by the wizards themselves , since at least three of them would probably kill any of the others who ventured within ten feet of the palm leaves .
he derived some minor pleasure from seeing the look on rosie palm 's face .
there was rosie palm , and sandra , and reg shoe and half al dozen others sitting around another table , in the middle of the street .
and we must leave right now , fragrant blossom of the date palm . '
how easy to imagine the ice forming on the river , the eternal frost riming the palm trees and snapping off the leaves ( which would smash when they hit the frozen ground ) and the birds dropping lifeless from the sky shadow swept over him .
any petition to the gods to see to it that palm trees grew with their roots in the ground and their leaves on top was certain to be graciously accepted .
he watched the column of dust rise outside the palace and work its way through the city , across the narrow patchwork of fields , disappear for a minute in a group of palm trees near the escarpment , and reappear at the foot of the slope .
it is run by a mrs palm .
mrs palm said , it is on the house .
and mrs palm says i can stay in the attic because , it is always useful to have a man around the place .
i have moved out of mrs palm 's because , there are dozens of bedrooms here .
it was sad and they made me a cake but i think it is for the best , although mrs palm never charged me rent which was very nice of her considering she is a widow with so many fine daughters to bring up plus dowries ekcetra .
none of mrs palm 's girls are married . ''
he reminded me of a palm tree - his entire body was rail thin , but his rust - orange hair shot out in wild branches .
the water could be heard somewhere below , rushing ; the jungle a tangle of palm leaves and tough - skinned vines hanging across their path .
a vision of felicia in white on a sandy beach with swaying palm trees and love in her eyes gripped duke by the throat .
she hopped into the planter behind her and took cover behind a mature palm tree .
filing cabinets flanked his left and a large potted palm tree flanked his right .
the temperature was cooler , the sky more overcast , and the trees were pines instead of palms .
said mrs palm .
' unless his tastes run that way , ' said mrs palm .
' i wish you would n't keep on saying that , whoever you are , ' said mrs palm .
' being gracious , ' said mrs palm .
' i must remind you , ladies and gentlemen , that poor lord vetinari is still alive , ' said mrs palm .
the entrance was heavily landscaped , mainly with palms and leafy bushes to conceal the grounds from prying eyes .
royal palm room for the reception , outdoor gazebo for the ceremony .
by four o'clock , i was laced into the dress , staring at myself in the floor - length mirror of the palms penthouse , balanced on shoes rushed to us from one of the most exclusive boutiques .
we settled up damages with the palms ; nobody acquainted me with a final figure , for which i was very grateful .
my words were almost lost in a blast of wind flying in from the ocean , blowing dust and debris and tattered palm leaves into the air .
what about the palm land ?
there 's land to buy , palms to grease ... you know how it is .
when he 'd gone , moist hurried down the flight of marble steps and tucked himself behind a potted palm that someone had thought it necessary to put there .
and there they did as pirates would : killed the natives and took the native women for wives , and made palm wine , and drank and were drunk , and lay in the shade of the palm trees , and woke up and quarrelled , and sometimes killed one another .
and there they did as pirates would : killed the natives and took the native women for wives , and made palm wine , and drank and were drunk , and lay in the shade of the palm trees , and woke up and quarrelled , and sometimes killed one another .
faux palm trees .
a paved hilly road lined with palm trees led to seaside high school .
earthdudes and dudettes were leaning against palm trees , walking briskly up stairs , and sitting on the lawn .
i stood up and , for one final time , gazed back at my new world and all its beauty - seaside high peering over the hill , palm trees extending their branches to the sky , happy tourists sunning underneath the glistening sun .
a makeshift tiki hut housed a snack bar , and speakers hung from the palm trees cranking out top - forty tunes from the master dj on the pier as we awaited the annual fireworks .
palm trees and native flowers adorned the land below the palace and the incense from within created a distinct scent , in combination with the gentle breeze that swept in from the sea.i could n't believe i had ever forgotten this smell.just as i could n't believe i had ever forgotten the fear and desolation that we had felt here ... it was crushing.it rested heavily upon my heart now , as if it had been there all along .
chapter sixteen the palm trees in the courtyard swayed softly in the breeze as cleopatra and i huddled together .
' so ... that would be queen molly , mrs palm , mrs manger and miss dixie voom , ' said william .
so when the wardens dropped him on the front lines of the california fire near palm springs , he 'd taken cherise with him .
they came into the harbor the next morning : a broad semicircle with a golden beach , dotted with attractive palms under the squat white walls of the overlooking castle .
he obediently if unenthusiastically downed several large hunks , but only mauled a few more pieces about without swallowing much of them , and then went back to blowing his nose into the small pit which had been dug for this purpose , wiping it against a heap of broad palm leaves .
the buildings were huts built from an odd type of wood , like large reeds , and the roofs were thatch - but thatch built from enormous leaves , as wide as two man 's palms .
the damage was mostly superficial , it looked like - shredded palm fronds , blown - down fences , the occasional busted sign or toppled billboard .
the few palm fronds surviving nodded in a fresh ocean breeze .
i walked over to the tiny lunch area , complete with palm trees , bolted - down picnic table , and overflowing trash container nobody seemed to remember to empty .
palm trees rustled and shook out their fronds over our heads .
the humidity was down , and the cool ocean breeze whispered over my skin and rustled palm trees down at ground level .
even palm fronds become deadly cutting instruments , driven by winds of unimaginable force .
the two musclemen were having a time of it , shuffling along hunched against the wind ; they got to one of two giant palm trees that were bending and thrashing like rubber toys and threw me up against the rough trunk , facing out .
i felt something sharp slice my cheek - blown metal , maybe , or maybe only a palm frond - and saw blood whip red in a stream into the wind .
we were moving fast it seemed to me , down and down through the mountains , and the plain was spread out and beautiful in the sunlight with palm trees everywhere , even though smoke was still pouring up from the burnt places , and there were many houses on all sides .
it was not a hard journey ; it was good to see the villages being rebuilt which had suffered fire ; the city of jericho was being rebuilt and all around it the beautiful date palms and the great forests of balsam were doing well .
i could see the big thick palm trees around the synagogue emerging from the clump of shapeless shadows .
it was a beautiful thing to watch the growing light , to see the color coming to the palms clustered around the synagogue .
i could see the rabbi was trying to stop the crowd , but he was swept towards the foot of the hill , towards the synagogue , as the crowd came on , like a frantic herd , until they stopped in the clearing before the palm trees .
only the stragglers remained , a few farmhands and odd - job workers , and the children gazing on from their hiding places beneath the palms or in the nearby doors - and james and i staring at the mound of stones , and the two boys who lay there , tumbled together .
i said a silent prayer and followed the slave through the small forest of well - watered figs and palms and into the grand library .
the palm fronds outside scratched against it .
i heard a dim and terrible sound far off , beyond the horse , in the haze of green palms that marked the distant place that promised water .
only the quiet - the moaning of the wind , the rattling of the palm branches , the gentle ruffling of the silken curtains of the litter .
i raised my hand in farewell to the wary bearers who stood in the shade of the palms .
people were coming in from the groves round and about , their arms filled with branches of myrtle and palm .
tuesday november 26 , 2013 palm desert chapter one reuben was a tall man , well over six feet , with brown curly hair and deep - set blue eyes .
` ` i can see it clearly , '' said reuben , ` ` filled with potted orange trees and banana palms , and great towering weeping ficus and maybe orchid trees and flowering vines .
they were in a grove of banana palms and small ficus .
at last all were satisfied and lay about in a bower of broken palm leaves and clawing branches , lazy and half dozing .
the palm trees rattling in the caressing wind .
christine loved the orchid trees , and the exotic lobster claw palms .
the home was a palace - marble sculptures of greek gods , a wide , circular indoor fountain that flowed into a six - foot pool , enormous indoor palm trees , and high ceilings with murals of celestial beings in white togas , reclining on white , fluffy clouds amid a backwash of blue sky .
the end chapter one angelica stood in front of briggs 's ocean club in newport beach , staring up at two well - lit palm trees that flanked the entrance .
the trees themselves , huddling in their long shadows , letting off the smell of death - so different from the improbable - looking palm tree with its perky crown of leaves , a practical - joke tree , like something designed specifically to make people smile .
there was no longer anything green in the greenhouse , except for a dozen fake plants - squat christmas trees with plastic bristles , fabric lilies , improbable plastic orchids , and even a miniature palm tree - crammed into one corner of the rectangular space .
there had been plenty of christmases out in california , when they 'd gone to church in sandals and t - shirts , opening presents while palm trees hailed them from outside .
but it might have been the wind singing through the grass , the leaves rubbing palm to palm , the far - off hum of the crickets .
its stained - glass shade was a kitschy pyramid with a sphinx and a clump of palm trees .
they have the palm trees they used in that valentino movie , the sheik .
a doughy man with the face of a midway bouncer appeared by a palm tree .
he pulled the cigar from his drooly mouth and flicked ash into an ashtray shaped like a palm tree .
she thought about the dusty palm trees and the brandy stains on the carpet , her sprained ankle and her cozy villa , the interminable ride from florida , her growing list of last names and her odds of making it to the silver screen .
a few revelers hurled balled - up napkins at the stuffed monkeys in the papier mch palm forest .
she passed a grove of palm treesreal ones that shot thirty feet unto the airwhen the silhouette of a large man stepped out from the shadows .
she ducked behind a palm tree but knew the dodge would nt work .
someone had gone to a lot of trouble to match the iris blue carpet to four enormous oriental pots that held miniature palm trees .
victor hugos was a swanky new spot on wilshire with white linen tablecloths , real palm trees , and an indoor fountain .
the sunlight was now streaming in and cast its abundant rays onto the buttercup yellow walls and onto the vigorous looking parlour palms that adorned each corner of the room .
on this particular occasion the chamber was lined with a green wilderness of giant parlour palms , vases of fern and flower arrangements and a row of chairs , for those individuals who were not inclined to dance , and who preferred to watch the proceedings from the comfort of their own chair .
no sooner had she entered the room , she secreted herself behind one of the densest looking palms , hoping the plants foliage would be sufficient enough to hide her from view .
no helping the palms , though : reluctant little smog - shot fronds high in the air , as if the trees had thought , after all that sweat to get up here , i guess i oughtta sprout something .
she navigated the narrow trail that led to the islands swampy interior with a sure step , ducking beneath the thick clumps of sodden spanish moss and soundlessly pushing the large palm fronds from her path .
a single palm stood before the temple .
it 's an offshoot of the palm marking the spot where leto gave birth to artemis and apollo .
the palm bears only female flowers , and , since it 's the only palm in the area , forever virgin . ''
the palm bears only female flowers , and , since it 's the only palm in the area , forever virgin . ''
her cheeks and nipples she touched with palm oil , arms with bergamot - mint , knee and neck with tufted thyme .
leto gave birth to her divine offspring as she clung to a palm tree , knees resting on soft meadow grass that rose to form the base of mt .
on an oasis in the center , a tall date palm grew .
tall slender palms lined the inside of the garden 's white plaster wall , and denser trees shaded a central two - story building , decorated around its entry with raised arabic lettering in ornate plasterwork .
as they neared the river the air started to grow sultry , and they began passing the clay - walled huts of shopkeepers and clerks , roofed in palm leaves with latticework grills for windows .
finally they reached the bazaar of surat , its rows of palm trees deserted now , with silence where earlier he had heard a tumult of hawkers and strident women 's voices .
the morning sun now illuminated the tops of a large grove of palm trees that circled an open cistern .
a group of servants stood waiting at the base of one of the palms .
` ` palm wine makes itself overnight .
hawksworth gingerly sipped the newly fermented palm sap and was pleasantly surprised by its light flavor , totally unlike ale , or even canary wine .
` ` it comes from the tari palm , and some topiwallahs call it toddy . ' ''
he rode briskly past the nodding palms along the shore , then turned inland toward surat , through villages of thatch - roofed houses on low stilts .
the rajput seemed oblivious to the smell of death as smoke from the fire engulfed the palms that lined the village roads .
glossary affionopium agaconcentrated rose oil akas - diyacentral camp light alapopening section of a raga ankushook used for guiding an elephant arakindian liquor arecabetel nut used in making pan art hapractical , worldly ` ` duty '' in hinduism asvinalunar month of september - october azanmuslim call to prayer bhangdrink made from hemp ( marijuana ) biryanirice cooked with meat and spices bolsspecific hand strokes on the indian drum cartazportuguese trading license chartscattle sheds chapattisunleavened fried wheat cakes chappseal or stamp charkhifireworks used to discipline elephants in combat chaturangachess chaudoltraveling conveyance similar to palanquin chauganindian ` ` polo '' chaukiweekly guard duty at the red fort chauparindian dice game chelasmercenary troops beholden to single commander chillumclay tobacco bowl on a hookah chitahindian leopard daimidwife nurse dallentils darshanceremonial dawn appearance of moghul devadasitemple dancer , a special caste deyturkish ruler dharmapurpose or duty in life of hindus dhotiloincloth diwaliindian new year diwan - i - amhall of public audience diwan - i - khashall of private audience durbarpublic audience feringhiforeigner fil - kashelephant - drawn cannon firmanroyal decree frigallaportuguese frigate gau - kashox - drawn cannon gheeclarified butter gholablend of opium and spice gopimilkmaid gulal barroyal compound in camp gurunrefined cane sugar guruteacher gurzthree - headed club halgoalposts for chaugan harkaraconfidential court reporters hookahwater pipe for smoking tobacco howdahseat carried on back of elephant jagirtaxable lands granted to a nobleman kamalove , sensual pleasure karwaindian seaman katarknife designed for thrusting khabardar '' take heed '' khaftanquilted vest worn under armor kosapproximately two miles kamar - bandceremonial waist sash lakha hundred thousand lapsipreparation of gur , ghee , and wheat lilaplay or sport lor langarchain attached to elephant 's leg lungilong waist wrap worn by men mahalpalace mahoutelephant driver maidanpublic square mansabrank given a nobleman mansabdarnobleman granted estates to tax mardum - kashsmall cannon masalablend of spices , ` ` curry powder '' mihaffawooden turret suspended between two animals mina bazaarmock bazaar held on persian new year mirdangasouth indian drum mohurgold coin mudrahand signs in the indian classical dance musallimnavigator on indian ship mutasaddichief port official nakudaowner - captain of indian trading vessel naqqara - khanaentry to royal compound nashudani '' good - for - nothing '' nautchsuggestive dance nezahlance nilgaiindian deer nimplant whose root is used for cleaning teeth nimastehindi greeting , ` ` hello '' paharthree hours pakharsteel plate elephant armor palaswood used for chaugan stick panbetel leaf rolled around betel nut and spices and chewed panchwine punch pandithindu scholar piceindian ` ` penny '' postibanghmixture of opium and hemp extract prahnaspirit , life force puranashindu scriptures qamarghahunt using beaters to assemble game qarawalsbeaters for hunt qazijudge qurhunting enclosure containing game rasaaesthetic mood rasida '' arrived '' ; a piece that reaches center in chaupar board game sachaqmarriage present sandalitype of eunuch sarachahroyal platform sarangiindian musical instrument , resembling violin sariwoman 's wrap satiimmolation of hindu wife with body of her husband sehrabridegroom 's crown sharbatlemon and sugar drink shikarthe hunt sitkritaintake of breath signifying female orgasm strappadoportuguese torture device sumclimax of rhythmic cycle in indian music sutrahindu scripture suwar '' horse rank '' granted noblemen swanih - nigarspecial spy tarispecies of palm tavaif muslim courtesan teslimprostrate bow to moghul tithiday in the lunar calendar todahmound of earth for bow and arrow target practice topiwallah '' man who wears a hat , '' i.e. , a foreigner tundhidrink made from seeds and juices vamaaryan scriptures wakianavispublic court reporters wallahman wazircounselor yogi hindu contemplative zatpersonal rank given a nobleman zenanaharem zihgirthumb ring for shooting bow books by thomas hoover nonfiction zen culture the zen experience fiction the moghul caribbee the samurai strategy project daedalus project cyclops life blood syndrome the touchdown gene also see www.thomashoover.info barbados , 1648 .
then too , there had been a quick splash with seawater on the decks below , followed by swabbing with palm oil , when the zeelander 's maintopman had sighted the low green peaks of barbados rising out of the sea .
he had also found palm - like trees clustered with the tender papaya , and farther inland there were groves of banana and plantain .
` ` yet i say you now speak as one who has drunk too many horns of palm wine .
` ` we 're having to cut palm stalks . ''
green lizards scurried through the grass around her and frogs whistled among the palms , but there was no sign the indentures were awake yet .
he pointed toward a small cluster of clapboard houses half hidden among the palms along the shore .
* benjamin briggs stood in the open doorway of the curing - house , listening to the ` ` sweee '' call of the long - tailed flycatchers as they flitted through the groves of macaw palms .
all eyes at the table shifted to winston , now standing by the window and holding a shutter pried open to watch as the winds and rain bent the tops of the tall palms outside .
he circled it for a moment , appraising it , then went to the cache of sacred utensils he had hidden behind the mill that afternoon and took up a stack of palm fronds .
atiba sprang to catch him as he sprawled across the remains of the trampled palm fronds .
through the dark they could see the outline of the torch - lit breastwork , a low brick fortress outlined against the palms .
both the trench and the breastwork were back away from the shoreback where the sand merged with brown clay and the first groves of palms , heralds of the hardwood thickets farther upland .
she watched for a time , collecting her composure after the ride up from bridgetown , then tied her mare to the trunk of a bullet - scarred palm and began working her way down the sandy slope toward the breastwork .
the facility would have been defenseless had not six of the dutch demi - culverin been hauled out of the fort and hidden in a palm grove up the hill just prior to the attack .
swallows twittered among the tall palms , and the half - light was spotted with darting bats .
this dark tangle of palms and bramble could scarcely be the direction home .
he reached a familiar arch of palms and turned right , starting the long climb along the weed - clogged path between the trees that led up to the house .
the island was a curious anomaly ; there was a high rocky peak at its center , the lookout katherine had described , and yet the shores were light sand and verdant with palms .
her mare had already trotted ahead , into the shade of a tall palm whose trunk emerged from behind a rocky embankment .
as she laid them against the trunk of the palm , she noticed they were still smeared with powder residue from that day at the jamestown breastwork .
the white sands of the shoreline were gliding past now , and behind them the palms nodded lazily in the sun .
then she looked past him , at the white sand and the line of green palms .
he turned and led her on in silence , till they reached the shade of a low palm .
to lying here under a palm , on an empty island , with a price on my head in england and little to show for all the years . ''
but it had been fleeting , ephemeral , and now they were once more merely man and woman , in each other 's arms , amidst the sand , and gently waving palms .
benjamin briggs watched as the mounted messenger from oistins disappeared into the dark , down the road between the palms , still holding the white flag above his head .
together they nourish him , like palm oil and salt .
the west wind whipped the palm trees now , growing ever fresher .
they left the path and moved urgently through the brush and palms toward the back of the thatched building .
he spotted winston , trailed by a crowd of shirtless seamen walking up the road between the rows of rain - whipped palms .
he motioned the men back into the shadows of a palm grove .
out of the palms emerged a menacing line of black men , all carrying cane machetes .
the roadway was strewn with palm fronds blown into haphazard patterns by the night 's storm , and as he walked , a new gust of wind sang through the trees , trumpeting a mournful lament .
now they were surrounded by palms , and beyond , dense forests .
not quite a mansion , it was still rather large a two - story mission - style structure with tiled roof and palm trees clustered about the expansive front lawn .
they found a spot by the lake in the circled shade of a palm tree and spread the blanket out .
it spread a fine mist over the many palms and flora growing in large , clay pots .
vibius servants and slaves followed alongside waving large palms to create a breeze for the mourners .
many times she had considered moving back to where she was raised in palm springs to give her daughter a better environment , but too many factors swayed her from this .
from here it mostly appeared as dusty streets with scattered buildings and palm trees .
paula did nt even remember giving her the keys , but they were now driving down wilshire boulevard , passing glass buildings and palm trees .
neil was alert for fallen branches and palm leaves , having to skirt around a few on the way down .
after the guests had all arrived , we went into the ballroomwhich looked magical , all decked with garlands of flowers and with potted palms arranged in the corners and candles glowing in the chandeliers and sconces on the walls .
they had their own allotment garden round the other side of the house , where mrs hurley grew an array of vegetables ; but daisy liked this one , with its tall palm trees and brightly coloured flowers shed never seen before .
evie caught a glimpse of a very tall palm tree stretching towards the sky , and she realised how close they were .
the white paint cheapened it ; and this , along with the tropical plants and palm trees that were so visible round the back of the house , made it look like a novelty .
palm trees as tall as the block in which evie lived , stretched towards the sky ; and as she and peter walked along , spiky palms brushed against her skin .
palm trees as tall as the block in which evie lived , stretched towards the sky ; and as she and peter walked along , spiky palms brushed against her skin .
on one of its sides there was also a luxuriant garden filled with palms , orange and pomegranate trees , and a very large pool surrounded by an elegant colonnade amidst innumerable statuary .
sir , i have a brother in azeka fortress , said rachel , how can i send him this packet of small sweet date - palms ?
they passed a wide gate and came along an avenue of high palm trees .
he discerned the flower priest walking at the palms avenue before the temple , and he , jo - melekh , invited him to eat together the yom kippurs fasting break .
jericho is described in the old testament as the ` ` city of palm trees . ''
a memory is nudgedsan francisco ? he wonders but the breeze flapping the sun - stained window shade exposes a giant palm tree .
unaware , he s attracting attention from two vagrants who sleep out under the palms most nights .
the gilt painted leaves of the palm - tree complimented the six foot carving of the hindu god ganesha in a far corner , typical regency period .
the line of acacias along the bank were the obelisks , the two palms that crossed trunks served as the pylon and the river itself figured as his courtyard , shrine and sacred lake .
before dawn , he saw at the top of the riverbank beneath the crossing palms a monitor lizard , probably hunting for crocodile eggs , on its hind legs looking out to the nile .
beneath the pylon palms , mehi looked out to the nile .
around him , a mural on the walls depicted fields of ready - for - harvest barley , leeks , melons , grape vines , fig sycamores and date palms .
his eldest daughter set a steaming cup of honey and palm juice beside his prone body .
near the pathways end , palms swayed above three ponds where white and blue lotus flowers floated .
he crossed a row of fig and date palm trees that obscured a seven - foot high wall surrounding the estate .
sunbirds rustled among the orange dates of a palm tree .
marveling at the palm and the balcony it shaded , he dodged a servant hurrying out a tray of food .
two guards waved palm fronds over the patient .
the next sunset in their shoreline niche under the crossed palms , mehi turned for an - khis call .
beyond the estates palms , a dark figure on a ridge stared back .
he snagged the back of mehis neck and ushered him through the courtyard of palms and flamingos , ponds and grapevines .
palm trees dotted the intervening hills .
her eyes then skimmed the pastel horizon of carmine and saffron washing into the clouds and sky , palm trees and tamarinds , sand and air .
erecting a hut for herself in the shade of a date palm near several medja families , theormi dropped a mudbrick she had been about to set in place .
seven hundred miles away , leaves of date palm trees twirled in the updrafts of heat , theormi intruded upon the hut of chief taharqa , who had nt emerged that day .
attendants waving palm fronds on either side of khufus bed lightened the heat .
finally , he snuck inside the estate wallshed earlier learned that an - khi had dismissed the guards after paser diedpast the fig trees and sycamores to the forecourt under the palm tree .
they were on a piney ridge and in the thicket of trees and bushy palms , and at the base of the slope was a red coyote dragging away a rabbit , or some kind of fresh kill .
he stared at the hedge of bushy palms and tree trunks , and saw a dark figure squeezed between the hull of two trees .
at last they reached the oasis of siwa , an island of water , date palms , and grass for the animals in the midst of a vast sea of sand .
he was carrying a bunch of palm leaves with coloured inscription on them .
saira got a fallen branch of date palm and cleaned the floors of the tunnel using that as a broom .
potted palms provided a green screen in front of the floor - to - ceiling windows .
the younger daughters use palm branches to erase any tracks left in the sand and run back as quickly as possible ; the men and older women run to close the gates behind them .
only the soft sound of birds singing in the palm trees and the chatter of small animals hidden under the tropical foliage can be heard ; even the waves seen to be calming down .
the trunks of the palm trees bend over and cover many of the old paths , so you will have to jump over them .
a short time later , after creating a crude shelter of bamboo and palm leaves tied together with vines , everyone lies down to hopefully get some rest .
she begins to run through a garden of palm trees with scattered anthuriums and their colorful flowers and vines covering the pathway to treasure cove .
darn i wanted to get a hand full of gems , each sister thought as they ran past the treasure , trying to follow diana as quickly as they can pushing the low hanging branches out of their way and jumping over the palm tree trunks .
the suns rays made two of the gems sparkle as the palm branches were pushed aside by our sisters .
and since the heat settles in the sand we are up in the breeze staying cool , even in the middle of the day , since there are still plenty of palm branches above us .
taking charge of the situation he suggests , then come with me , woman , gray wolf says as he softly holds her hand , walking under the palm trees toward the beach .
while looking toward the direction of the laughter , she notices a familiar palm tree .
i used to sit on the trunk of that windblown palm tree over there , watching the sun set , as often as i could as a little girl .
so i gathered a bunch of these fruits from below a tall tree called a palm and packed em in .
we patrol the island chains and i never heard of a torpedo sinking one , palms and all .
they were angling into a cove that looked inviting with a clean stretch of sand , backed by palms and lush greenery .
they were halfway to the line of trees when the exo called after them , get some palm fronds and erase your footprints .
the sunset was beautiful : the red orb slipped behind the curtain of palms , yet painted the flecks of clouds in iridescent mauve .
close to shore he saw mostly coconut palms that could thrive in the salty environment .
there seemed to be fair number of palm trees so he would nt starve or die of thirst for a while .
he shimmied up a palm and harvested some fronds .
the palms waved aggressively but the shelter remained intact and gave good protection .
he erected a rough shelter atop his raft to keep him out of the tropical sun , and a sail of woven palm fronds .
when he tried , the glass did focus the rays but could nt produce enough heat to set the dry palm frond on fire .
new ropes , new windings , sails woven from fresh palm fronds and a stone anchor .
the palm trees did nt appear to have as many coconuts as he had hoped but had enough .
he spent the day erecting a substantial shelter made of a thick mat of palm fronds over a skeleton of branches .
it took time but in three days hideki was able to hang the hammock between two palms .
suddenly rain came down , not like the daily drizzle they were used to , but heavy drops that splattered as they hit , rattling the dry palm fronds .
later another soldier came and looking very furtive , stopped and buried something in the sand under the palm tree .
for no reason , before the forest swallowed him , he turned and went back to the palm tree , finding a stick stuck into the sand in a very familiar manner where the soldier had been digging .
with his knife he scored a groove into the palm trunk .
he made his customary mark on the palm tree trunk to show that the package was received and retreated to his lair .
the front row of palms was down , just chewed up stumps .
last , he made two masts with spare sails , succeeding quite well since he had acquired more skills weaving palm fronds .
he explored quickly , gathering more coconuts and palm fronds , reasoning that he might need more reserve sails .
when he reached the sand berm , he crawled into the shadow of a palm .
there were coconuts on the palms , but he had no strength to climb any tree .
stumbling along until he came across a palm tree that had been pushed over by a storm , jordan was able to reach the coconuts without much effort .
he looked around at this circle of sand seemingly held together by a ring of palms only two , three deep .
in between he buried himself in the sand to keep out of the sun that even in the shadows of the palms , reflected off the water and the sand .
he woke periodically to the rustle of wind among the palm fronds .
with dry eyes he looked to the three hours left , the palm trees swaying ever so slightly .
the morning before she left for massachusetts she stood outside and memorized the place where she had lived for ten years , the way it peeked from a catty - corner on the curving road , the feathery bushes on either side , the waving palm trees behind , the border of blue and purple petunias lining the square front yard .
this could be good or bad , depending on if the duty was pulled inside of a building or outside where there was little shade except in early morning or evening or if one were positioned under a palm tree .
one of the camel boys shimmied up a palm tree to get them in exchange for some tobacco .
instead of singing carols by a frocked tree , the soldiers gathered under a grove of palms to celebrate .
the dirt road winds between palm trees , banana groves , and wonderful vegetable gardens .
we finally reach a palm thatched , round building with a high , cone - shaped roof .
as soon as they were well clear of fort moultrie , both ships turned north and hoisted the new battle flag of the republic of south carolina a white background , with a green rectangle in the upper left , emblazoned with the palm tree and crescent moon of south carolina .
and long may the sons of carolina support the palm of carolina on mchenrys fort .
second lieutenant robeson took command and set a course for baltimore , where they arrived at about six a.m. as they approached patapsco bay at dawn , the crew of the princeton was astonished to see yet another fleet occupying the harbor but this time , the flags were all american , except for one : waving above fort mchenry was the green palm - and - crescent flag of the state of south carolina .
i have another rose lifted another scene with stella gawking at the window , her skirts up to her knees and bent over the palm plant .
around the entrance were dozens of palm trees and a huge shattered neon sign along the wall of it that appeared to say ` ` st_a_o_p_ere '' with several unintelligible letters in between .
but another scent caught his attention as he made his way up a nearby palm tree to look out ahead .
there were dogs tumbling together in the off - leash park and lorikeets shrieking and chattering in the palm trees on canning street .
on the way we not only had to deal with the broken down cars and a few stray zeds but we had to swerve and dodge around fallen palm trees and pieces of buildings from the storm .
the wooden sign has got this palm tree and an orange sun carved into the corner underneath that stupid name .
glimpses of palm trees and sun - baked stucco buildings whipped past .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
they wander through a valley where domiciles constructed from palm trees and tropical pines form the foundation of what had become their townone of fifteen such settlements that pepper the islands surface .
at the beachs end he crosses a narrow pathway cut between two rows of palm trees .
there are more ferns here , as well as palm trees .
i approached a palm and moved aside its fronds , revealing a clearing , and in its midst , a hole .
the area was just as the voice described in the vision : tall oaks studded in moss with palms filling in the forest gaps .
she looked out at the blue sky and palm trees through the blinds in lilokalanis office .
that besides from it being wicked hot all the time in the summer and occasionally getting what they call monsoons but are nt like the monsoons down in the south pacific that you think of when you think of monsoons that kill people because of all the rain and wind and islands being flooded and people hanging onto palm trees or they ll be blown away .
she felt herself being pulled down while the palm trees that dotted the beach were falling one after another into the sand with a series of wet squelching thuds .
shrubs and palms close off the eaves , shadows everywhere .
i glanced behind the wilting palm , through the twin glass doors that opened to sautins foyer .
we were married the next summer in an ivy - covered gazebo in my parents huge back yard , surrounded by giant palm and eucalyptus trees and sixty friends and relatives .
when we get beyond the many palm trees , we halt in heart - stopping shock .
it reads palms , see ? ''
she saw a squirrel run up one of the palm trees lining the sidewalk , its movements quick but intermittent .
there was jug of water inside as well as a number of brown tortillas wrapped in green palm leaves .
he waited now on a branch many palms above the ground on a tree deep in the forest , almost a league from vallaya .
the dirt ground , where sisters elisabeta and juliana waited with their outstretched sheets , was some twelve palms below her .
there were beautiful palm trees laden with coconuts and an unusual looking tropical bird coasting overhead .
there was another woman , who was strikingly comparable in appearance to aunt caroline , exiting a clump of palm trees in the background .
he observed swaying palm trees and a beautiful ocean front with crystal clear saltwater .
paul then shifted his thoughts to the swaying palm trees and inviting ocean waters in the puzzle .
when he moved them off his legs they left behind a faint residue of palm sweat .
he slipped past the first palm branch and disappeared into the thick tropical shrubbery .
to finally be able to see something more than a palm distance away from my face .
outside desert center , california we can cut north here , go toward twenty - nine palms .
there was the cultural excuse of golden - domed temples among palms in the background .
the leaves of a young fan palm rustled in the hot breeze , their woody shh shh the only thing he could hear .
shielding his eyes , he set off at a brisk pace , heading southwest down the palm tree - lined street .
i listened to the steadily splashing water , and felt the quietness of the grass and the palm trees , but i did nt like being locked up in that building the rest of the day .
the fronds of the palm trees fluttered gently in the breeze .
the palm trees seemed to wave hi to me as we drove past them .
the shore and the palm trees that lined me on the side became a blur .
she repeatedly failed to climb the seventy - foot coco palm tree .
in the center there was a huge fort , made mostly with large , thick tree branches , insulated by palm fronds .
lots of palm trees , ravines , rocky in places , several beaches .
before they left the clearing the leader bent down and plucked the palm pilot out of a snowdrift .
when i came back from the kitchen , he was looking at a pen - and - ink i 'd done - three palm trees silhouetted against an expanse of water , a bit of screened - in porch jutting into the left foreground .
most of it 's uninhabited , a tangle of banyans , palms , and australian pines with an uneven , dune - rumpled beach running along the gulf edge .
instead there was actual landscaping ( in florida this means palms and grass undergoing nearly constant irrigation ) .
to the left were three palm trees silhouetted against the sky , their fronds ruffling in the mildest of breezes : the subjects of my first tentative post - accident sketch .
none of the other houses were near the beach , and when i faced south , i could only see a single roof : what looked like an acre of orange tile mostly buried in palms .
the night after that i tried palm trees , but that was no good , that one was another clich , i could almost see hula - hula girls and hear ukes strumming .
he and his wife had relocated to palm desert , california , in the last year of the twentieth century , settling in one of those gated communities where there 's one token african - american couple and four token jewish couples .
all at once the seagrape seemed to be pushing in and the interweaving palms overhead seemed thicker .
it 's on palm avenue . ''
this was max from palm desert .
pam had fucked max out there in palm desert , and when he had suggested a longer , deeper commitment , she had refused .
i 'll make you the best deal of any gallery on palm avenue .
i told her about the sketch i 'd drawn of her , max from palm desert , and tom riley .
the rain was heavier now , drumming against the walls and windows in waves , and a wind had gotten up , clattering through the palms surrounding el palacio and sending shadows flying across the walls .
the wind - driven shadows of the palms flew around the walls like bats .
the doll whispered to her in a voice that must have sounded like the wind in the palms at night .
elizabeth even heard daddy humming as he and mr . shannington cleaned up the wreckage in the front yard , daddy driving the little red tractor and mr . shannington throwing drowned palm - fronds and busted branches into the little trailer trundling along behind .
do you know how many people there are on the west coast of florida who 'd kill for a show on palm avenue ? ''
it was cabbage palms covered in strangler fig and gumbo limbo and slash pine inland ; it was liveoak and mangrove in the few places the ground was wet .
but the lawn looked strangely ragged unkempt and there were holes in the line of ornamental palms dancing like hula girls on either side of the house .
it did the damage you see in this picture not much , really ; blew down some palms , knocked out some glass , tore up the lawn .
it was between seven forty - five and eight o'clock , and the shadows on palm avenue were beginning to take on the first faint tinges of blue .
it happened four years ago , on the evening of april fifteenth , between seven forty - five and eight o'clock , while the shadows on palm avenue were just beginning to take on the first faint tinges of blue .
to either side , bracketing the picture almost like theater curtains , were palm trees .
more horses ... more family , rendered in pencil or charcoal or in jolly watercolors , the family members almost always with their hands linked like paperdolls ... then a storm , the water in the swimming pool lashed into waves , the fronds of a palm pulled into ragged banners by the wind .
a palm tree .
because in spite of all his big talk , that edgar freemantle really had n't had another life ; that edgar had just switched the backdrop of his invalid 's existence from pines to palms .
the staircase went all the way up , but beyond the landing and a single ragged length of rail beside it , there was only blue sky and the waving fronds of one tall cabbage palm .
i had sketched in a scattering of palms and some banana trees , but no hedge ; the hedge did not exist in 1927 .
by 1988 she 'd been with us two years , matt babicki nothing but a memory refreshed by an occasional postcard showing palm trees in sunny sarasota , where matt and his wife own a learn - to - drive school .
you could make your fortune reading palms over the phone . '
i slid to my knees and it was her body , her first body , a dark - skinned woman who held me as we knelt in the sand , on the edge of palm trees and insects i 'd never heard outside her memories .
high on pot and wine , she had read palms for the rest of the evening ... or at least until she had passed out .
he could point out that a really unscrupulous man , if placed in such a position as this , might well have used the grace period to scoop even more money out of the town treasury - as much as he possibly could - and then to run for a place ( some sunny place with lots of palm trees and lots of white beaches and lots of young girls in string bikinis ) from which extradition was difficult or downright impossible .
i 'd noticed them , in that cursory way you begin to notice everything in our business : people , palm trees , heat , sunshine .
the air was dry , and a wind came off the desert that the palm trees hid from view .
some of these people from california , they do n't think things is right unless they got it hot enough to grow a palm tree in their fuckin bedroom .
golfing at palm springs with bob hope ?
there were palm trees ... he could see palm trees ... and movement ... and water !
there were palm trees ... he could see palm trees ... and movement ... and water !
she could acknowledge this man 's hello , banter with him a little to set him at his ease ( but not too much at ease ; that was not precisely what she wanted ) , and then go on to the next and the next and the next , receiving their homage like new palm leaves , or she could ignore him and the rest .
the palms , which had begun to die without city water in july and august , flapped against the sky like tattered battle flags .
( in come sis with a spoon and a glass ) a beetle that had been trundling busily up the trunk of a nipa palm turned black and shriveled to a husk with tiny blue bolts of electricity frizzing for a moment between its antennae .
the palm trees are like bushes in the air , their brittle dead fronds like a skirt of bones around the tall trunks , rattling in the breeze .
then she walks up to a stand of palm trees above the beach and looks in the grassy undergrowth , stomping around with her feet until she finds what she 's looking for .
she takes the coast road for a while , shaggy palm trees everywhere and overgrown beach grass coming up through the cracks in the road , and then she turns inland for a change .
then she rises up out of the slop and fans herself with her panama hat and feels the breeze on her face and breathes in the pure air sweeping down through the palm trees lining the street .
palm tree sunsets , the wide white meridians of sand , the piers projecting out toward the horizon and the water crashing violently against the barnacled pilings .
he 's thinking about the sound of dry palms pounding on overturned baskets in the middle of the desert .
sometime before dawn -- neither parent knew exactly when -- a large palm frond had crashed onto the roof of the carport next door , and as they ate their breakfasts the next morning they watched old mrs . webster , in polka - dotted gloves and a velour track suit , clamber onto a stepstool in front of her carport .
together , mr . and mrs . falls and stephanie , watched as mrs . webster 's eerie gloves groped blindly for the big palm leaf .
she held the great , glossy - brown palm frond upright beside her like a hideous club and squinted in the intense morning sunshine .
four large planters of palms and regularly replaced flowering chrysanthemums marked the corners of the open space and were the only impediments to your view or your progress across the terrazzo - floored expanse .
ducks sat parked under a baby palm tree on the bank of the lagoon .
trying hard not to be seen doing it , zam was checking every baby palm tree and restroom corner for sneaky cameramen .
an old man with a collie on a leash stood on the corner , staring up at the top of a palm tree where a couple of wild parrots screeched .
the palm trees were frondless .
a civic space that might have looked good on a plan , the square was installed over a parking garage , and boasted large palm trees in concrete pots , together with several benches .
the bear stopped in the reception area and pointed to a single couch flanked by small palm trees facing the only door in the room .
indy had managed to find a nice hawaiian shirt , a bright azure blue with orange palm trees .
bess tacos had troubles remaining open because it sat in that dangerous section of ocotillo highway between the el paso motel and what remained of the brick walls of the old palm court inn .
when he got off the bus and walked down ocotillo highway toward bess tacos he had to step over lots of palm tree fronds that had come down in the big winds the night before .
one brought a tray of dates , bread and wine to me , and let me tell you , i was ravenous and ate every bite , while he sat nearby and fanned me with an enormous palm frond , much to my delight .
after having been taken on the scenic drive by his cabbie [ which costs triple than what you would normally pay , but you do nt get to see all the pretty palm trees .
the shadows of the palm trees caressed her face as she peered out from under her sunglasses at the winding road before her .
like naked women feeding him grapes and singing sweet love songs while they waved palm fronds to cool him [ when a man is alone , his mind will always turn to sex , or at least the idea of someone wanting to have sex with him ] .
as the morning sun cast its yellow glare through the high rises and palm trees her feet hit their shadows on the sidewalk with a steady pace .
agent number six covered his eyes and held on tightly as the sleigh bounced several feet in the air as it dodged a wayward palm tree .
countless allowances had been spent at woolworths , buying quarter - sized , green - shelled turtles , complete with a spiffy plastic bowl with a built - in plastic palm tree sticking up from the center .
the tanks in turn were flanked by tall potted palms , cacti and succulents , and by statuary of classical personages .
around the corner they went to where he knew was the aircraft hangar - sized film city sound stage number two , which housed several desert scenes complete with towering sand dunes , ancient stone fortresses and luxurious palm and date tree fringed oases .
to the suits around the table , still sweltering under the fury of the late afternoon sun , each leaning in toward the shade of the broad beach umbrellas or bending toward the breeze from the palm fronds being waved by liveried bellboys ( who d been ordered to never , ever make eye contact with the guests ) , dickey prepared to bid a perfunctory farewell , once he had delivered to arden the business introductions he knew his american friend so craved .
when he looked at her again , the light from the quarter moon between the gently swaying palm fronds had caught the side of her face .
there was one of mulbah too , there that night watching them closely , no more than a hundred yards away , with two of his boys in the shade of the palm trees , further down by mamba point .
he thought he could smell the aroma of palm wine , the local tipple , off his breath .
although mister albert politely declined when dexter returned from the house with the glass of water he was so curiously refused earlier , he did accept a further offer of some palm wine confiscated off thomas , who was caught off - guard by dexter in his hut .
there was little the bewildered jahn could do , nor if he had the gumption would care to do , to stop a dozen or so underfed refugees from catching them , cutting their throats unceremoniously , skinning them , skewering them , cooking them over an open fire , and with a smattering of salt and two or so litres of palm wine , relishing the taste of meat once more .
they did not believe this mans story , not because it was beyond the realms of belief ( after all , even the most educated people in monrovia believed that a bucket of human blood had been discovered under taylors bed in a recent house raid by a nigerian battalion of ecomog ) but because last week , while working on a late shift , its storyteller drank too much palm wine , began raising his voice around midnight , woke some irate residents , and got some of the other night guards into hot water the following day .
the moonlight shone through the palm fronds as the waves gently lapped upon the shore down by mamba point where dexter and maurice sat , reminiscing on their days in the great lakes region of africa .
ciatta looked around at the two men sitting on the stone bench under the large palm tree .
dexter mumbled an apology , and withdrew to buy palm wine off a man at the side of the road .
dexter distributed palm wine and cigarettes and donated two chickens as a thank - you to the workers who had done well , and were now sitting and talking loudly in the shade of the palaver hut in the village of beajah .
or how palm wine was extracted to the detriment of the palm tree , or how coconut milk was miraculously sterilised by nature .
or how palm wine was extracted to the detriment of the palm tree , or how coconut milk was miraculously sterilised by nature .
there were trees in the background : coconuts and palms .
i could smell the stench of palm wine off his breath above the other smells in the room .
momalu edwards the village elders gathered quietly by the creek that ran through a small clearing of palm trees at the bottom of the leeward side of their hill .
some of the soldiers began spreading themselves out around the village square , one entering a hut and returning with squawking chickens held by their feet , and another with plastic litre bottles of palm wine , fit to burst their caps with the pressure .
in the shadows , behind a large potted palm tree , stood a figure .
he emerged from behind the thicket of sprouting palms startling me with his frowzy appearance .
they left avalons collonade and walked through a playground for adults which included a crystal clear pool and several palm trees .
clarity glanced outside the window at the reclining bed and the palm tree near the beach house , offering a gorgeous view of saadiyat beach .
as bea played folco would feverishly write down chords for his latest rock anthemchords that would never get heard apart from the commune bonfire on saturday nights as palm trees swayed overhead .
i walked over , rang her bell and started to admire the christmas lights on her palm tree .
i saw some palm trees , some ferns , hibiscus and some plants with trumpet shaped flowers i could nt name .
here the neighbours kept each other at arm 's length , surrounded by luxurious gardens full of palms and wisteria .
harvey had watched her through the leaves of palms or reflected in indian mirrors , how she would let down her hair only to deftly roll it up again into a pony tail , or a bun , or a halfway house effect , exposing her suntanned nape , her perfect , delicate ears .
he was why , at five thirty on days when elizabeth met me after work , i began loitering in the lobby by the arboretum and fountain ; i would peek at him through the squat tree trunks and tropical palms , knowing my friend would not be able to meet me in the lobby any earlier than six oclock .
i tapped the address into my phone , expecting images of palm trees and sun drenched beaches to pop up , but instead the site had pictures of bars and scantily clad people stood around drinking .
the house was at the end of a cul - de - sac , a sprawling mediterranean - style home surrounded by a tidy lawn and palm trees , a tropical oasis in the desert of vacant allotments , their for sale signs poking above the brown winter grass .
a pale sun had broken through the cloud , but it was nt enough to take the chill off the biting wind that whipped around him , bending the tops of the palm trees fringing the small man - made beach .
for the next eternity , he and celia pretended to be entranced with each other in between costume changes ; standing , sitting and lounging under the palm trees ; on the hard , cold sand ; and even on the nearby childrens playground .
it was a double - page spread called what s hot this summer , featuring reuben and celia under the palm trees , on the playground and wading out of the water as if they d just had an invigorating dip .
is the main drag ; its one mile long as the parrot flies , but five miles long in reality : its twisty , hilly , pot - holed , and speckled with giant fallen palm fronds , abandoned shopping carts , medical pot containers , and homeless camps .
adjacent to a couple of flourishing palm trees in the front garden , there is an american style post box , attached to which is a wood - grained plate displaying the name ' villanova ' .
if the wind blows , the moving palm trees sound like uncomfortable people trying to wipe sweat off them .
the shriner temple was a one story brick place , kinda modern like an insurance agency or something , with lots of palm trees and pyrocanthus bushes dotted around .
you could see the palm tree fronds where they blocked out the twinkling stars .
its heavily forested with large oak trees and random palms poking up every once in awhile .
providence reads palms and tea leaves .
i do nt remember the valet opening our doors at the royal palms front door , so enthralled were we with each other .
the royal palm is a bit like a maze of tall hedges , ancient walls , and small nooks with benches in front of working fireplaces .
it was a hip hotel and spa with a cozy bar that feeds into my favorite outdoor terraceall flagstone , torch lit , bounded by soaring palm trees , and sitting on the edge of a steep gully , high enough to have a heavenly view of paradise valley , the moneyed enclave of phoenix .
it was a wednesday , and she was busy early in the evening , so we simply arranged to meet each other for a late dinner at the palm at phillips place , where patrons jokingly say , its where the elite meet , but you know they re not really joking .
it had been six weeks since my trip to charlotte and my dinner at the palm with julie .
a little farther out was the hotels large swimming pool , sheltered by rows of hibiscus and lorded over by palm trees .
six grand canary palm trees were interspersed , like columns in a cathedral , filling out the canopy and putting the entire courtyard in sun - dappled shade during the hottest time of the day .
i particularly loved the palms in the courtyard .
they were a species i knew from living in phoenixa date palm that was native to the canary islands .
these palms were elegant and looked exactly like i think palm trees should look , not too tall and not too short .
these palms were elegant and looked exactly like i think palm trees should look , not too tall and not too short .
it shows a factory with a smokestack , some smaller buildings , and a few palm trees .
probably more important , the hard rock was still under construction and palms had not even been conceptualized .
from this exit , the bellagio and caesars palace were immediately available one minute to the right , and the rio and palms were about two minutes to the left .
although its location was awful , the rooms were small and expensive , and the service average , for the last few years alex usually chose to stay at the palms when in vegas .
while all this was true , the fact was that the palms tended to have the hottest chicks around .
the light changed before he had time to fix it , and the bmw sped off eagerly toward the palms .
taxis and limousines , half of them bright lime green with the palms logo on the side , swarmed around like bees outside a nest .
palm trees , white sands and the blue ocean seemed to merge into one multicoloured line as gordon kept his foot jammed on the accelerator .
leslie was nt quite effective enough at driving poor cary up the proverbial palm tree , because my wife decided she wanted the fun of distracting me from my serious political labors , which is easily done .
first edition : november 2012 for julie and mcclane i am still living with your ghost lonely and dreaming of the west coast i do n't want to be your downtime i do n't want to be your stupid game with my big black boots and an old suitcase i do believe i 'll find myself a new place i do n't want to be the bad guy i do n't want to do your sleepwalk dance anymore i just want to see some palm trees i will try and shake away this disease we can live beside the ocean leave the fire behind swim out past the breakers watch the world die i am still dreaming of you face hungry and hollow for all the things you took away i do n't want to be your good time i do n't want to be your fall - back crutch anymore i 'll walk right out into a brand new day insane and rising in my own weird way i do n't want to be the bad guy i do n't want to do your sleepwalk dance anymore i just want to feel some sunshine i just want to find some place to be alone we can live beside the ocean leave the fire behind swim out past the breakers watch the world die as he sat propped up on his bed , clutching his prescription bottle of oxycontin in his brittle hand , mark briggs thought back to a time before his life had derailed .
` ` my name is doug mckenzie and i ' m a reporter with the desert sun newspaper out of palm springs .
the palm trees .
on the opposite wall were a pair of inset doors flanked on either side by a pair of tall palms .
i slid close to a large palm plant to hide myself from their prying eyes , and was doubly grateful for the protection when the doors to the hall opened and a couple hurriedly stepped inside .
it was really so many years after , when i had seen somebody preparing to drink water in a vessel of joined palms .
he slid the black tie out from underneath his collar and knotted in its place a length of red silk with white palm trees .
the rover slowed at the end of the hill and turned left into an island of multi - coloured lights and undulating , up - lit flower beds and palm trees .
there are nt any palm trees blowing in the wind , and the sand is nt pearl white or black , but still its an impressive view .
a luxury hotel on the beach , the sound of waves , the smell of salt air , palms trees swaying in the wind .
all i could hear was the whoosh of palms passing , then , ` ` well , now , i do n't even know if i want to tell you . ''
palm trees bounced outside , and the crest of the morning peeked its shitty , shiny head through the windows .
then they all stood around under the palm trees , showing each other pictures of their families , which really was n't necessary , because all family members were present .
` ` i ' ve worked out the part about golf and condominiums in palm desert , but somehow -- '' just then , a rousing chorus of scottish voices began yelling , ' how much is that doggie in the window ? '
big webs , you see , just wanted to live her life , demonstrating palm pilots and haggis at trade shows .
and it was n't just ordinary hair ; it was thick , green hair swept up in a tight stalk and branching out like a palm tree .
the manchurian canard looked down at d'if and saw a lava lamp with a palm tree growing out of its top .
now that he had a palm tree growing out of his top , he felt special .
it was actually a gazabian ding thinger , but he had purchased one that looked like an earth - type palm pilot .
d'if was preparing for his career as a fashion statement and intellectual actor -- the only one in hollywood sporting a palm tree on top of his head .
the homeless person drove to palm springs , won a lot of money at the casino , and was abducted by aliens while golfing with a lawrence welk impersonator .
i thought miami would have more buildings , said mike , as palm trees sped by the planes tiny window .
white , tin - roofed buildings grew like mushrooms in the overgrown , waist - high grass and wide fields of leafy palms .
the tall building , where fidel castro was known as fido , reminiscent of a square chest , stood thirty stories tall on a site spanning almost ten acres , with various high tech devices such as old satellite dishes and dipole antennas , consisting of two equal rods extending in opposite direction from the connection to the lead - in wire , all of it surrounded by alleys of palm trees and pink hibiscus .
the russian ambassador in havana , a man named anatoli karpin , who enjoyed gazing at the palm trees to see if they carried coconuts , approached clarity .
` ` begins with two cows , an eye of set , and a palm tree . ''
sherman had received a barrage of unwanted emails , enthusiastic tweets and links to facebook and flickr photo albums that depicted palm trees , rainbow - colored cocktails with parasols by the poolside , and blurred images of roller coaster rides .
samoan sam lazily tanned himself on a sun - drenched beach enjoying the breeze on his face , soothing sounds of rustling palm trees to his ears , and ice - cold cocktail in his hand when his tranquillity was broken by the phone .
he felt as a tropical ocean breeze must feel , where there are oceans , when one is surrounded by date palms , by grape vines and fields , by immense olive orchards ripening .
me jane , you jane head down , zig - zagging between the knee - high ferns , marla pushed on in the sweltering heat till she could pitch herself down behind a cluster of palms .
juliet had suddenly stopped pacing so as to study the palms , yuccas and ornamental grasses filling the shop - front of romance .
trouble was , she had to keep the heat up in the shop for the palms , ferns and other exotic greenery .
the cluster of palms at the window were too thick to allow an easy ambush .
as she neared the last of the larger palms , where concealment was still possible , the attack seemed inevitable .
a palm frond shook .
the first was to the palm springs holistic center , an exclusive facility specializing in treating cash flush folks with chemical dependency problems .
like the head i gave you in the car all the way down to palm springs last weekend ! ''
` ` did she really give you head all the way down to palm springs ? ''
palm trees like you see at a newsworthy volcano .
wet look in your wet look leggings you do nt look wet but you remind me of the housing project by the tracks where steel crucifixes stand out back free of laundry , graffiti , people , and everything but geometry girls and dogs while the mexican girls walk the dogs the old folks get a break from happiness the cherry picker on your blue cherry picker if you blow up building 7 you 'll knock down many palm trees and your silver helmet will spin like a coin ballad of an l.a . mensroom the shakeoff at the next urinal has a rubbery squeak what is happening ?
i come out and find my car among palm trees and my wife and i drive away along a pale pacific .
she looked left down dolores street and waited for two cars to pass and then walked to the median strip with its ten - block row of royal palms , then looked right and let another car pass before she joined porky .
shangri - la - di - da i was rounding a corner in camarillo when i saw the landmark celestine had described : a palm tree on her front lawn that looked like a big fat pineapple .
see that line of palm trees in back and that pointy little roof ?
the sun was low in the sky , making everything , the palms , the wires hanging off the telephone poles , the huge satellite dish next door , look as though they were all dripping red hot in the middle of a blast furnace .
i watch the setting sun light up the mellow brown and green bottle glass as it skims the wicker table and surfs the ribs of palm fronds that are waving in the breeze .
she started down a lane bordered on the left side by date palms and the right by a tall , thick hedge with bright green trees behind it .
i currently live in palm desert , ca because i d rather be hot than cold .
instead , lacy was hoping that troy would want to run off to an exotic island , living like minimalists , eating coconuts and drinking rain water that would collect in the center of palm leaves .
the only palm trees visible were covered by construction dust , and the road was nowhere near the beach .
much as i disliked the man , this was nt about him ; it was about the arrogance of all developers and the belief that a few greased palms will get you past any responsibility to the land and sea .
someplace civilized , he d said , his eyes ( in retrospect ) making furtive movements , as if east tainos evening sounds contained jungle noises instead of the steady susurration of palm leaves and lap of waves .
where only sands and blasted rock had been , i left behind a garden of palms and flowering beds stretching for leagues , right up to the mouth of the pass into the mountains .
palm trees , geraniums in bright blue pots , if i could just dip my toe .
they numbered seven including the stocky king of the marsh into whose wide palm the stranger had foundered .
across the street from where steve is sitting is a grand old movie theater ; on the marquee in big black letters , it says : palm springs weekend starring troy donahue and connie stevens a few stores down from the theater there is an 1890 style ice cream parlor with lots of tiffany lamps .
alaia : where s the palm trees ?
the following afternoon , staying with what was organic , he d fixed on some coconut palms , which grew in the same geographical zone as northern conifers .
but the shadows were only palms waving in the breeze , no one was out there , no one took him away from this life .
but sometimes by the oceans edge , in the black and silver night all he could hear was the surf and all he could see were the palms waving in the breeze and they did nt always remind him of another ocean and other palms , other nights .
but sometimes by the oceans edge , in the black and silver night all he could hear was the surf and all he could see were the palms waving in the breeze and they did nt always remind him of another ocean and other palms , other nights .
he recognized cassandra who had long ago been reading palms in the same parts of town that alexander told his stories and drove his carriage .
but the sea and the sky and the perfection of palm trees saves it , makes you forget the abandoned cars and the littered look - out posts ( mostly used as toilets nowadays ) .
palm trees , oleander , bougainvillea , orange and lemon trees .
it must once have been a beautiful sight , and it is easy to imagine hot july days with not a murmur from the palm trees that screen it from the town , elegant men and women taking the sun on the pagoda like balconies , or children playing between the pilings at low tide .
his philosophical teaching was written down for the first time from the words of his followers , just think about it , almost 600 years after his death , on palm leaves ( tripitaka ) in 29 a.d .
there are already palm trees starting to grow under your legs .
and those gardens at the mill '' margie thought of the mango trees and the bamboo grove , the loud crotons and acalyphas and the palms that lined the drive like soldiers ` ` he made those , and that place was a showpiece , in its time .
those who were invisible , crouched amid roots and suspended from branches , laughing into palms and up sleeves , were of no immediate assistance .
they took long brisk walks every morning , usually at the new enclosed mall with its palm trees and waterfalls .
everything but the bowl disappeared , oscar , the mall , the other people and the echoes of their voices , the marble , the palms and water , even the glass between herself and the bowl , everything vanished .
the geraniums were scorched , their flowers black , their leaves withered and etched with the palm prints of death .
larry clemenzas house was on the top of a steep hill with a huge palm tree that harbored owls .
maybe it had been a trip to the spas of palm springs , or an extensive rehabilitation under expert care , but the little lady had put her weight back on and was positively glowing with health .
the old palm tree in the corner of the garden harbored a large owl which had recently claimed the yard as its own .
if we ' ve got to , we 'll trim the palm tree down to a toothpick so nothing can live up there except a few sparrows . ''
wrapping presents in red and green and gold paper , with palm fronds waving and oranges dropping on the emerald green grass , just does nt seem like the right staging .
barbara realized it to the fullest in miami , while having breakfast in one of the luxury hotels , on the fabulous shores of palm beach .
its structure was primitive , yet practicalfour poles supporting a roof made of palm leaves and a wooden counter joining the poles .
the full moon shed its yellow light on the palm trees , throwing around strange shades and shapes .
but if you want ... '' they got up late in the morning and began walking around the swimming pool , which looked more like a small lake with its elegant bridges leading to the open bar under the roof of palm leaves .
tropical bushes and large palm trees along the paved path provided nice shaded areas for those who want to avoid the sun .
a conveniently located palm tree serves as a post to tether the boat .
then she lets her outer clothes fall onto the blanket , revealing an equally brief variegated green print bikini , with a pattern reminiscent of palm fronds .
a light wind carries in the smell of clean sea air and stirs the tops of the palm trees .
their rescuer and guide brings them to a small house with a palm frond roof and taps on the edge of the doorway .
high above them the tops of tall palm trees whip in the wind , but the thick vegetation stills the air at sea level .
towering palms trees swayed in temperate winds along the dunes , and the lull of seawater lapped on a shoreline with a synchronistic rhythm .
i made my trail beneath the shade cast over the sand from a stretch of palm trees .
the airs humidness and coconut palms hinted to a tropical locale , but i had no way of pinpointing my precise whereabouts until encountering this islands inhabitants , if indeed there were any to be found .
i then noticed a flintlock - hunting rifle leaning against a palm tree beside him , and a few casks of gunpowder protruded from the caves yawning aperture .
there are white clouds on a powder blue sky , sunshine on the palms and slanted roofs .
we bought coconut palm bongs from them , went back to the ferry dock .
the grandmother was proud of her palm sambas .
they were large plots of land like farmers fields full of tall palms bordering the beach .
other women , those working for the grandmother , carried huge piles of palm branches to the walled in yard at the farmhouse .
the wind rattled the palms and bent each stalk of rice .
the children sold them in the street in a conical palm leaf for pennies .
he is golfing in palm springs , which has the least amount of terrorists per capita in the universe .
the president wishing me luck from a verdant fairway in palm springs .
the helicopter landed on the beach : dark ragged palms inland , their tops bent gently by the wind .
under the palms , set back , a low square building , and a group of three people coming from the building toward the beach , two pushing hand carts .
the three with the carts had loaded their bags and were taking them back up the beach toward the building in the palms .
the path went under drab and rattling palms and dark , shaggy evergreens .
mom , with her sugar and garlic palms and her chemical - flower hair .
one day sally followed us out , went trotting right up to my dad and started smelling his palms .
deciding how it will be ... > globally disputed areas : ... mining and agro - culture displaced - forciblyand by fearfor oil , palm - nuts , and coal ... < diamonds ... gold , and silver .
from the vast multi - storey ground floor courted yard entrance potted palm - trees along the roadway 's and poplar and evergreen once pine forest stripped bare .
at highland the next choice : stay on the 30 for interstate 10 and palm springs , or veer left onto california 330 and the mountains .
looking back she can not remember actually choosing , actually thinking : no , i do nt want to go to palm springs , or yes , i should head up the 330 .
and the trees outside , palms lining the street , and three tall eucalyptus trees in front of the building , fragrant year around , almost violently so now .
in two sweeps of the room her eyes registered : four paintings on the walls , each virtually centered on its own wall , except for the entrance wall , where the paintingof darwin standing on the stubbed bow of hms beagle somewhere in the south pacific by the looks of it , islands in the background , palm trees , endless blue sky ; white beard fluttering in the wind and the old man intent on something or other in the roomwas centered between the door and the far end of that wall .
a live palm in the corner , she could smell the tree itself and the moist earth in the large terracotta - colored plastic planter , could see the natural color of the leaves .
to the wind in the branches of the lone elmapparently not unhappy to be so far away from his eastern familyalmost as tall as the palms farther down the street .
tall mexican fan palms ; sky dusters , they called them .
palm trees and clear skies and sunshine and gorgeous hotties .
its main ( recorded ) purpose was to confront and decide upon ten now questionable monastic practicesthe use of money , the drinking of palm wine , and other irregularitiesof monks from the vajjian confederacy .
i had so many christmases in california that were nothing but sunshine and palm trees .
the spotlight in blue sky has become true sun and the susurrant crowd has become the secret conversation among swaying palm trees to my left .
even the palm trees seem to hold their breath .
the caravan was resting , the camels were peacefully lying down ; the palms stood all around in a complete circle ; all the party were at dinner .
the night air smelled of dusty palm trees and stale car exhaust .
over the bed hung a small wooden crucifix , and behind it a dry palm branch .
its a lot for a little greasing of the palm on the border .
the germani , in beach shorts and shades , emerges like a fat banker on holiday , sitting in a recliner as bikinied girls with santa hats toss a beach ball under palm trees stringed with colored lights shaped like candle flames .
so you look around and you can see some kind of iraqi fort down the hill about a mile away and you point it out to mr . holden and he says lets wait a second and you both crouch back down in the tall grass and you say what if they fucked up and dropped us in the wrong spot and mr . holden says like 29 palms where the marines got dropped off in the middle of the freaking desert by accident and like five of them died trying to get back to base and you reach into your web gear and pull out a magazine and slide it in the belly of the rifle and feel it click home and then you pull back on the charging handle and let it slide forward and then you thumb the safety on and say lets go get a closer look sir and mr . holden says sure and so you walk all hunched down through the grass playing war until you get about a quarter mile away and see a humvee come around the corner and you stand up together and breath out and then you put the sling of the m-16 on your shoulder and realize that you were shaking all the way .
we entered the beautiful , white stone restaurant with the palm tree archway and spoke to the host .
set back from the beach , amongst tall palm trees , stood a giant stone head .
@ as they passed into a band of tall palm trees the expressions on the two men and the child suddenly altered from smiling to one of deadly seriousness .
there were ferns of all types and palms and exotic varieties of bamboo .
other than the aforementioned plantwhat was it supposed to resemble , a palm , ?
the tall girls back curved like a pretty palm tree ; her short blonde hair grazed her cheeks .
everywhere i look there is something interesting in the fine print : $ 2.19/ # , taste - o - fine ! , thiamine mononitrate , push down and twist counter - clockwise to open childproof cap , sale item , imported from korea , artificial flavor , yellow 5 color , monosodium glutamate , coupon inside box , contains partially hydrogenated soybean or palm oil .
i m often out to dinner with beth - and yeah , its often at palms cafe .
back in dunedin , remington had organised a midweek dinner at palms .
a monotonous parade of shrunken atolls dotted with a few scraggly coconut palms loomed below .
the tall palms that lined the roadside were healthy and alive .
sullen sons silently wield machetes in a slow skulk down a dusty road long - legged daughters are silent too- spiders sitting idle out front weathered shacks painting glitter over bubblegum polish rainbow curlers bobbing round their heads occasionally stirring odd chicken parts that simmer and brown on the stove all day someone stuck a drying starfish in the mossy palm - trees trunk someone raked dried leaves from the sand early morning shadows flickered cross - hatched on the walls of the thatched roof hut where the hatchet is buried let bygones be bygones stash it flash it mash it up baby wild island dogs curl in sleep- now and then opening a weary eye just to make sure all is still safe secret shack a poem by loretta oleck hidden behind a thicket of boughs alive with snarled vines was a pink shack with a lopsided door- a leaning sentry guarding rotted wood floors and ripped curtains of tangled lace and a broken clocks face where the hands had stopped at half past four snapping open a blade i crudely carved my name above the door then distracted by amezuzahtilted on the frame the blade slipped on the tail of the lettery slashing through history and time splicing through the door screen slicing through my lifeline- a bloodied omen a ticking time bomb scarring my palm i had thought claiming doors would be easy and would make me brave i had no idea my lifeline could be altered with a blade i had thought i was the only jew on this island- apparently others had found this door too saffron life a poem by loretta oleck i lived a saffron life a midnight howl walking winding alleyways of bustling markets following trails past pails of scuttling cobalt crabs and buckets of jasmine rice into the heart of the safflower scent i lived a saffron life plaiting my past from spiceberry silk a velvet widow spider in a vacant window frame weaving gossamer curtains to be pulled up or down depending upon my darkest or lightest mood or the squall of the caribbean wind or the direction of the rooftop weather vane i followed shadows of patterned cloth swaying like dancers holding tight to wooden clothespins straddling the frayed line down a crooked path towards arms outstretched into the sun silk center of the labyrinth diana a poem by clinton van inman drag your white skull before blind seas that tumble dazed to your mono - eyed magic .
water is shining on the leaves of the big palm tree near the flag .
the strip malls became palm trees and the highway suddenly lifted up into the sky .
* * * warming up la , the band headed back north via phoenix , hit i-10 going west and kept on , gigging at indio and palm springs until finally they came to the great city via long beach .
she did nt mind being on her own especially outside on a pleasant evening like this , with a good book and the views of palm trees and the ocean .
first palm trees i saw were in la .
the palm trees made giant , black imprints of themselves on the ground where the street lights hit them .
he watched the palm trees speed past and become one .
moreover , the wild , feathery deep green palms and vegetation running alongside the territorial fence added shading from prying neighborsthe perfect answer to an open community .
palm trees lined paved streets .
they would lay on the beach on the other side and watch the lake boats on the horizon , and except for the lack of palm trees , it was as private and beautiful to them as any south sea island .
the first stop was allen gardens and all the flowers and orchids and big leaved palms that made christmas into a jungle .
he had cropped faces and places , a palm tree supported laura perched in her string bikini , laura in an evening gown leaned against the baby amanda in a diaper .
well , orange groves.really interested hera lotand date palm groves .
on a hot street the idling car basked in the sunny semicircular gravel drive , parked exactly halfway between twin towering coconut palms .
there were lovely palm trees around the hotel pool and a lot of rich cattlemen swimming .
reverend sheldons home was built of yellow bricks and had two fat palm trees and another semi - circular gravel drive in front .
this dog yapped and jumped up and down as we drove around the semicircular drive and parked between the two stout palms .
after he slid down , he came bounding back up to the glass , yapping and yapping as our car slowly rounded the little palm trees in the center of the drive .
palm trees and cypresses donned shaggy black overcoats ; i could see them shaking in the breeze .
the exact years of the different parades confuse me , though each must have been before the mid - sixties , and all of them have the same stock actors and props : dappled ponies , their glossy black tails and manes flapping behind them in the wind , their features washed - out by curtains of drifting dirt , but with their alien hammer - heads bowed toward their chests , nostrils pinched shut , and long eyelashes fluttering ; wincing parade marshals who grip the brims of their ten gallon hats and wave and occasionally manage tight smiles as the airborne grit pelts them and sends the fringe of their suede vests streaming in the air as though the wind is slicing through them and carrying their bodies away in shreds ; gaily striped popcorn boxes that scud along the pavement scattering their few remaining oily kernels ; wrinkled newspapers spread eagle and crackling against chain link fences ; shaggy palms , their skirts of dried fronds rustling nervously ; and big billowing plastic bags which zip into the parade route as last - minute entries and soar skyward where they float like the bodies of bloated jellyfish , spooking the horses and puffing and flitting at the edges of my consciousness even today whenever the wind ransacks our desert valley .
he did nt know what a palm tree was or a cactus , but he told mrs . jones that he did nt want to know .
robert explained that the characteristic lean of the palms was the result of the attraction to the light reflected off the water .
here there was no danger from falling fruit because the coconut palms were noticeably absent .
i spy an idyllic south sea harbour of gently waving palms beside an azure sea lapping against pearly white sand , lucky paused , swallowed and yelled and the arse end of a fucking ferry going the wrong way !
then suddenly he said something to one of the boys who promptly and with astonishing agility , shinned up one of the nearby coconut palms where he knocked down four fruit which thudded almost at their feet .
when she told michael / lucky about the visit he commented that visitors arrived with the inevitable tourists - eye view of white sandy beaches , soughing coconut palms and cocktails proffered by smiling locals .
on one side were some banana palms laden with green fruit and polly noticed an old plastic seat beside a contraption used for grating the coconut flesh into cream .
they were not tall buildings , but tall enough to reach the heights of those palm trees .
golf courses and palm trees , and then london bridge . ''
it slows down quite a bit up here once the weather gets cold , and then i start thinking about the sunshine and them palm trees . ''
i never thought we could find a place better than little palm island , but i think this is even more perfect .
the guard pointed between two large potted palms .
between tran phu boulevard and the sand there was a wide promenade with very tall palm trees .
the palm trees swayed in the breeze , the leaves brushing against one another , adding textural contrast to the sound of the waves , drowning out the clattering of silverware and the chattering of the customers .
is it rational to drain away the sap of kindred that makes the families of men rich and various as the forests are various with the glory of the cedar and the palm ?
instead , she liked to rest under the shadow of a tree where a bush blocked her completely from sight when the wind blew a palm frond in front of the bushs opening .
she lies in the shadow of the tree , behind the bush , but the palm frond has blown away , so i can see into her cave .
behind his father , he drew a desert island , with palm and coconut trees dotting the horizon .
that first palm pilot or whatever it was .
and they stood on the sidewalk under palm trees spouting the worst kind of poetry to all the passersby ; not wordsworth , let me tell you , no , no daffodils or clouds or wooly lambs for them .
the jams of cars idled in the night , far away sirens roaring down the desert streets , past palm and grass center dividers and the pink brick apartments , small homes with gravel fan drives and central palms .
the jams of cars idled in the night , far away sirens roaring down the desert streets , past palm and grass center dividers and the pink brick apartments , small homes with gravel fan drives and central palms .
mysterious trees and strange mounds spread up the street of palms and cacti and gravel front yards .
another bird answered from a palm tree .
furnaces of molten life force , he says , waiting at the landing for me to catch up and peering down a hall toward a bright yellow window and the red eye of the sun streaming around the shaggy fronds of a palm and over a carpet in a librarians lovely , cool lair .
all of them are living in separate sections of the city , in districts well known to the professional herpetologist like the adrossiments of paris , but when i get up to move i discover to my amazement that the tables in the small rare books room have emptied , of people , and of their barriers of books , except for myself and the white - haired nut who is lingering and laughing over a volume ; i see the title which is mineral wealth of old arizona and with the ivy vines drifting through the open windows of the second floor sway in the breeze making toward the book with long fingers as though the ivy wanted to read and then in perspective i could see that the ivy made a gauzy film over the glimmering palm trees .
a potted palm tree casts a shadow across his white suit .
it was at the corner of seacoast drive and palm avenue , six blocks from where she started looking .
this removed the homes and palm trees , revealing their ultimate destination , which appeared like a great gray - blue monolith rising from the end of a long wooden bridge stretching over the sea .
bet its sagged into a palm tree by now , whaddya think ?
no building , no ice cream shop , no palm trees , no small seaside park with neatly trimmed grass ; no kids , no dogs , no skateboarders nothing .
disturbingly familiar trees where there was nothing else besides the same species of desert brush and the occasional palm tree for as far as she could see , right up to the very foot of those striking peak - backed red bluffs in the far distance .
as the thunder of that flag cracked across the armada , the light changed to a flag featuring an albatross over a red coat - of - arms , flashing magnificently ; then another deafening crack and it was shiny silver swords crossed beneath a white dove ; then twin gleaming - green dragons curling over ammalinaeus ; then gold lances over four blue crescent moons ; then sea horses with ruby eyes on each side of a scarlet - and - gold crown ; then green - blue palm leaves against the broad banded rings of ammalinaeus ; then what looked like a keeper surrounding a series of differently sized stars arranged in an arc ; then what looked like spires bordering concentric golden rings ; then a dolphin and a whale swimming through the vinelike stem of a beautiful white rose .
she soared over the end of palm avenue , circling in the rain , slowing and dropping towards the back banister staircase that led to the second floor above ye scurvy dog .
in the night i could hear the wind in the palms , the rustling of dry shards and i d leave the bed to sit by the window and watch the waves .
after a week , he took my hand and we walked through the darkness past the palms then out on the pier in the dark to watch the moon rise and i realized he had reached an ending long ago .
their village was built around a desert oasis , with waterhole and palm trees under which kokopoulos learnt of the development of new works of irrigation at the mouth of the gash which lay on the railway from port sudan to khartoum , 500 miles away .
then towards evening the landscape changed to thorn scrub and date palm which coincided with the appearance of three hills shaped and sized like the giza pyramids .
kokopoulos ordered a halt and told the men to pitch camp in a grove of palms while he and kandowere went to bag a meal .
after both had left school theo was not surprised to receive a letter from noosh who invited him to dar - es - salaam where dr . faramdoula had his practice and where the family lived in airy comfort under palms in a large thatched bungalow raised off the ground on chest high posts .
she had been filled with guilt as she closed the door and was already defending her stance in her head , as in , ' those cookies are filled with chemicals and palm oil .
and the deforestation of palms ruins the habitat of the orangutans and why did that little girl look like she was going to cry ? '
the beach boys , freeways twelve lanes wide , palm trees everywhere .
we had been sleeping under a dandelion more than fifty feet high , and the long palm - like leaves beneath us belonged to a species of moss .
in truth , we were too relaxed to follow her , so we nodded at her amiably as she meandered over to the pair of elevators past the ornamental palm , the statues of greek goddesses and a display of colourful gladioli .
robertson boulevard runs straight into town , lined with palm trees all the way .
even the palm trees on both sides of the road seem darker than usual until they light up as we pass and then go dark again behind us .
and then he lined all eleven miles of the boulevard with palm trees like it 's in hawaii or something .
at the south end of town , at the corner of robertson and fifteenth , i make a circle through the dirt parking lot around the palm drive - in that serves those greasy rolled - up tacos i eat a ton of every now and then .
so when i have to slow going around the palm drive - in , she gears down while i work the clutch .
said he had a date with trish , but she did n't show up at the palm drive - in where they were supposed to meet .
i drop curt off at the palm drive - in where a crowd of eighth graders is gathered .
we make a drag back up main street toward the palm drive - in , but before we get to the edge of town , trish tells me to pull off into the half - circle driveway in front of wilson school where a bunch of high school kids are parked .
palm trees still mark the road on both sides all the way into chowchilla .
lush palm trees lean toward the tide , as if bowing for our arrival .
euro pop pumps from speakers fastened to palm tree trunks .
she took a two - month vacation at a spa in palm springs and then decided to open a clinic for children suffering from various afflictions .
you know , a family , a nice house , maybe in palm harbor or at least in seminole , with one of those small fenced - in pools and our friends can come over to get drunk .
six or seven screeching wild parakeets were squabbling over the nesting rights in the foxtail palm behind the garage .
that palm , that anchors mrs . reillys little backyard garden , and her garage are right across from my bedroom window .
he directed the priest to the soft chairs next to the large picture window overlooking several acres of soft green grass and palm trees .
if there had been palm fronds , i think they would have cast them down for jesus to walk on .
it was nt quite palm branches but the clapping would have to do .
the road was lined with tall majestic royal palms .
i liked the royals the most out of the selection of palm trees in florida because of their majestic trunk and height .
light tradewinds rattled the coconut palms and carried a tang of salt off the ocean .
my executive assistant was returning from a weekend in palm springs when she and her girlfriend decided to stop at that indian casino beside i-10 . ''
she could n't come up with a name , but she said it was an indian casino on the road to palm springs .
san jacinto has the advantage of the palm springs tramway , gliding almost straight up to 8,500 feet .
` ` james and ned went to palm springs to look at a company there , a possible acquisition for tartan .
chapter 7 a few days before his ex - wife was due to arrive in orlando , she sent him an email confirming her hotel contact information and inviting him to meet her for lunch at the gaylord palms resort on thursday .
i met roland wilson in palm beach during the charity ball season in 1992 .
they were comfortable , but they were n't exactly palm beach rich either .
i do n't remember who invited him , but i think he ended up in palm beach that season sort of like i did : an outsider invited by a palm beach insider .
i do n't remember who invited him , but i think he ended up in palm beach that season sort of like i did : an outsider invited by a palm beach insider .
you ca n't have lived your whole life in florida and not have heard about the palm beach balls .
he thought the whole palm beach set lacked breeding and class .
the folks in the palm beach behave as though they need neither because they have enough money to do as they please .
he did n't like palm beach because he thought those people were phonies .
what is more , i never shook the feeling that there was more to it than the normal amount of palm greasing that is more or less a cost of doing business in some parts of the developing world .
it wo n't be a palm beach ball , because victoria a serious fund - raiser as opposed to a party - girl who uses charities as an excuse to throw a bash .
she knew he would be in palm beach that season , so she asked an acquaintance to get her a ticket to a ball because she wanted to meet him .
instead , he decided to essentially create on from scratch after hearing roland wilson make a speech at a palm beach party they both attended sometime in the late 1980 's .
shed been visiting friends in palm beach the previous week .
its palm sunday .
palm trees were abundant around the large building as well as luscious flora and fauna .
it nestled among flapping banana palms , tall cottonwoods and twisted eucalyptus trees , like a gigantic cupcake .
several humidifiers were discretely located behind potted palms .
run away with me , away from this grimy , gray city to someplace where we can look up and see palms trees instead of the damn black utility poles that are everywhere here stringing their wires across the sky like spider webs .
the way things are going , eventually you ll have so much business you ll be able to hire other guys to do the dirty work while you and i are sitting under those palm trees or skinny dipping in that cool lake .
the walls and palm trees are filled with bullets bad news travel like wildfire .
they were throwing rocks at a poor pigeon that was building its nest on one of the palm trees on the square .
he shook his head affirmatively and kept his eyes fixed on the pigeons flight that did a sharp descend close to him and went back to the nest , in a hole on the top of one of the old palm trees in the square .
from there you could see a part of the church square and the crown of the palm trees above the roof tops ; further ahead , it could be seen a store and part of the street where the city commerce extends to ; and right on the corner , the speed bump that , of so tall , is destroying the cars in town .
the white pigeon flew over the square from one side to the other , and after another boring flight , went back to the nest , in a hole in one of the palm trees .
some playing hide - and - seek and others throwing rocks at the pigeon that made its nest at the palm tree .
however , he only stopped at the church stairway and observed , with anger , the attitude of a bunch of boys in front of one of the palm trees at the square .
i was also curious when i realized they were throwing rocks at the poor pigeon with its nest on a hole at the top of the old palm tree .
but we were able to understand that there was a nest behind the cross , inside the church , and that , all of a sudden , she moved to the hole at the palm tree .
a chopper flew close to the palm trees and disappeared behind the church towers .
a wide , palm lined boulevard now ran in the freeways path , with street cars , tourists and runners plying the waterfront promenade .
the maid had broken free from her employer , who tottered over near the ice sculpture , a massive w carved in the form of four intersecting palm trees .
sanjay whipped around , spotted the soaring jerry and pulled giselle out of range , just as she reached for an iced jumbo shrimp under the palm themed ice sculpture .
rich groves of palm trees waved in the breeze all over the plain ; and so expert were the food - growers that from the fruit of the palm they got ` ` bread , wine , and honey . ''
rich groves of palm trees waved in the breeze all over the plain ; and so expert were the food - growers that from the fruit of the palm they got ` ` bread , wine , and honey . ''
cost 1.1 cabo san lucas , mx resort and casino $ 350 m 1.2 miami beach marina and condominiums $ 150 m 1.3 dominican republic mixed use facility $ 275 m 1.4 las vegas casino & golf course $ 225 m total phase i funding requirements one billion dollars 2.1 costa rica resort and ecology center 2.2 palm beach condominium development 2.3 san miguel del lago resort & casino 2.4 st martin golf course & condominiums 2.5 orlando convention center & hotel 2.6 honduras mountain resort total phase ii estimate ( wag ) $ 3.2 billion bradford was overwhelmed by the magnitude of marios plans and the money they were looking at raising .
bradford distributed a 1 - page summary of their financial request : project summary ( funding required ) 1.1 cabo san lucas , mx resort and casino $ 350 m - ( $ 200 m ) 1.2 miami beach marina and condominiums $ 150 m - ( $ 20 m ) 1.3 dominican republic mixed use facility $ 275 m - $ 30 m ) 1.4 las vegas casino & golf course $ 225 m - ( $ 50 m ) total phase i funding requirements one billion dollars - ( $ 300 m ) 2.1 costa rica resort and ecology center 2.2 palm beach condominium development 2.3 san miguel del lago resort & casino 2.4 st martin golf course & condominiums 2.5 orlando convention center & hotel 2.6 honduras mountain resort total phase ii estimate $ 3.2 billion we are requesting a $ 1 billion loan commitment to complete four projects , $ 300 million now and the remainder to be disbursed over an 18 - month period as certain benchmarks are attained .
other dance with danger mysteries by sara m. barton : square dance with a scandalous skunk # 1 paso doble with a passionate python # 2 foxtrot with a furtive fox # 3 bossa nova with a belligerent bear # 4 mambo with a maniacal mako # 5 charleston with a clever cougar # 6 no hiding behind the potted palms !
lets go into palm springs tonight , ambre suggested .
it stood proudly , pink stucco , two stories , surrounded by royal palms .
my room was right on the beach , but tucked back into a grove of palm trees for privacy .
the patio spilled out onto a short lawn dotted with coconut palms that ended with private beach access .
overhead , the morning sun shone through palm fronds to kiss the carpet of grass in front of my patio .
elephant ears and royal palms .
we sat at a picnic table in the sand on a small ledge above the beach proper , not far from where a hammock filled with young children was swinging between two coconut palms .
i looked around in the fading light , taking in the rolling waves as they broke over the reef twenty yards away , the curve of the shoreline as it folded into the two miles of white sand around cape bay , and the green of the palm tree tops extending down the beach toward the hills of the rainforest .
coconut palms flanked a small patio - restaurant and bar just to our right as we faced the water .
i looked down over its stone picnic tables and small christmas palms as i made my way up .
coconut palms lined the driveway leading up to an oversized traditional west indian house .
the craftsman style yellow bungalow was tucked between two massive palm trees that stood as watchful sentries on either side of the house .
they stood to the side of the front lawn under the shade of the palm tree .
going to put one near the top of each of the palm trees .
that last flash of lightning that shook the houseit hit the palm tree in the front yard .
the huge palm , that once stood in sentry on the corner of the property , was now uprooted and lying across the driveway .
fifteen minutes later , i was standing outside dylans garage , wondering where in the world they acquired a 30 - foot live palm tree that was somehow secured in a bed of mulch .
plus , there were three smaller palm trees .
they waited for the hostess to seat them and between the leaves of a palm tree , belinda saw the glistening black hair of lily devore and across from her , jarrett .
paintings of tropical getaways hung on the walls with artificial palm trees and tropical plants rounding out the south of the border theme .
the server seated us and handed us tall menus decorated with parrots , cockatoos , and shade palms on some dream desert beach paradise .
i thought i recognized a young man seated alone , partially hidden by a palm tree .
we left little palm island to starboard .
no incarceration , but some undetermined time at a quiet place north of palm beach .
those palm beach suits now , she proffered timidly .
tiny lights hung from the palm trees .
bubba could clearly hear a womans giggle in the background , and he was sure that if he listened closely he could probably hear palm fronds gently wafting in a caribbean breeze .
large green ceramic tiles , each with hand - painted palm fronds , edged the top and bottom of the house all the way around .
the bright oranges , greens and yellows made my head hurt and i was nt crazy about the plastic palm trees either .
i think that guys watching you , trish said , pointing at a potted palm that did nothing to disguise aarons rotund form , so much for the brains behind the operation .
there at the door to the family room were two suitcases partially hidden by a potted palm .
two palm trees at the end of the courtyard separated the house from the broad expanse of the fields beyond , and a mixture of elm and pine bordered the main road and the short approach to the house .
hands clasped behind his back as he looked out at the view : two large palm trees like sentinels either side of the garden .
and now duclos was probably in some lavish back room with potted palms , getting sponged down by one pre - pubescent boy while getting his rocks off with another , while he sat in a bar surrounded by grunting moroccans and a minah bird singing along to frank sinatra .
i wanted a sandy beach and a couple of palm trees .
delilah chuckled at the palm trees which lined both sides of the road .
does anybody see a palm tree or a rice patty around here ?
the fronds of thatch palms hung limp in the still air .
outside the jalousie windows , the wind was picking up , the palm fronds swatting the sides of my coral - rock house .
outside , the wind was crackling the palm fronds .
outside the window , the late - afternoon sun peeked from behind the clouds , slanting shadows of a palm frond across the room .
a miniature jungle of potted palms backed a podium and she could see light coming from behind them .
at least the skinned palms were new .
they represent palm nuts from the palm specie elaeis guineensis .
they represent palm nuts from the palm specie elaeis guineensis .
his eyes followed the shoreline into the tangle of bougainvillaea and palmetto palms that bordered the lawn on the right .
the palm fronds bent , and the canal frothed below .
a small cabin squatted directly to the left , slanting downstream into the shadow of a stand of palms and stunted water oaks .
the long green blades rippled in the light breeze , and beat gently on the palm groves that sprang from the marsh like islands in a tropical sea .
a grove of palms appeared above the grass ; the path curved toward it .
a few yards behind him and to the left was the cabin that he 'd seen from the bridgeno more than a shack leaning into the shadow of a grove of tall palms that hung over it like solicitous kin .
the cat disappeared into the scrub that ringed the palms .
20 it was visible from the highway on the far side of a well grazed pasture dotted with grey stumps and an occasional pavilion of oak and palm .
pickett crawled to the other side of the house , then sprinted to a hummock of palm and live oak behind the barn .
there was a dirt road that led to part of an old plantation that grew several varieties of palm trees .
they have a large pond on the property , surrounded by several varieties of palms and other tropical foliage , so ted and kellie built a small dock near the waterfall and added a footbridge .
the fronds on the loulu palm just outside my balcony swayed in the light sea breeze .
my daddy moved here from palm springs three years ago to manage the chino pipe line .
he was decked out in an electric blue hawaiian shirt with purple palm trees , lavender walking shorts , and four or five gold chains .
i ducked behind a hotdog cart and hid , while hayden threw himself behind a giant palm tree located in front of the pink flamingo inn .
i stood up and dashed up to him , making sure to keep the palm tree between evan and me .
only a few remained , and what did , was located behind a yellow police tape that stretched from a palm tree to a post further down the beach .
he may have gone around the pink flamingo inn back there while we were hiding behind the palm tree .
i ran out the door as quickly as i could , surprising myself with how agile and fast i had become in such a short amount of time , as the brick driveway with its line of palm trees on either side became a blur in my peripheral vision .
the foyer of the hotel was enormous , full of light and palms , stories high , balconies like hanging gardens all around .
they sat together at that table under the palms . '
she took a subscription for afternoon tea and sat out of view of the dancers , there under the palms .
i rewarded him and he pointed out the security man lurking under some potted palms .
i crested the pass and began the long descent toward californias central valley , 80 miles and 80 minutes and 7400 vertical feet from snow to palm trees .
the raffles hotel does however boast a lush courtyard of palms and exotic flowers in which the founder of the island would find some solace .
i slip off the stool and conceal myself behind a pillar before they spot me and try to catch sight of their expressions , between palm fronds .
hidden behind a cluster of palm trees and some natural landscaping , a large spanish - style stucco sat almost directly on the sandy beach .
she peered cautiously through a potted palm before stepping back into the dining room .
the couple and the boys were standing outside a resort hotel , somewhere warm , palm trees in the background .
the cook , who was very pregnant , wore a shapeless polyester dress with faded palm trees on it .
like i d anchored my sloop in the lagoon and the ruins of civilization were just behind some palms .
the inch - high bombay spa logo ( palm trees and happy coconuts ) rode higher on his chest than i imagined it was supposed to , and the material hugged his abs like a second skin .
i smiled politely and managed to hold my tongue until he had swayed off to a table on the other side of the restaurant , romantically situated between a palm tree and a tinkling fountain .
she would stand in the corner by the potted palm , and talk louder and louder until she was sure she was heard .
brady held back and waited until chaz , and lau , and worth , and todd had grabbed cups and pens and notepads and palm pilots and blackberries and fallen in behind falkner like a row of somewhat flustered ducklings , and only then joined the end of the line .
it was used locally by natives to sweeten palm wine .
i turned and barfed into the potted palm .
from her seat in the patio of the carlton hotel , maggie could see the promenade de la croisette , its grand royal palms lining the broad boulevard like titans shading the procession of a monarch .
she braced herself for the explosion of afternoon heat and set off , leaving palm trees and bougainvillea behind .
luxury homes dotted the hillside along lincoln like embedded jewels , and palm trees lined the boulevards .
ahead , in the boulevards , palm trees bowed under the increasing force of the wind .
the palm trees in the malls courtyard swayed and the sun vanished in a darkening sky .
the pool water glistened in the sun , reflecting patterns and images cast by the towering palms and exotic shrubbery .
one lone palm tree cast a pencil - thin shadow across chiggys now barren yard , not nearly enough for protection .
the usual tableau : foreground confusion of lights , chairs , and lounging technicians silhouetted by the lit set behind them : a tent contrived from draperies and dressed with potted palms .
which , the palm trees ?
howard , with the million dollars in his hands , decided to skip the vacation in mexico with michael and spend the time in palm beach with his elderly father and mother who had retired and moved away from san diego .
the end for sale in palm springs a henry wright mystery by albert simon published by desertdreaming.com at smashwords.com isbn 0 - 976200 - 34 - 1 all rights reserved copyright 2004 - 2010 by albert simon thank you for downloading this free ebook .
he slowed it down and settled back into the big overstuffed lazy boy like seat as he headed for his appointment in the older part of palm springs .
they must have been late for class at palm springs high .
one of the most successful agents in the entire palm springs area , rex had the nice , showcase house up on the hill that he just finished refurbishing , the big imported cars and he was the envy of everyone in the coachella real estate office .
his picture was printed on for sale signs on practically every block in this part of palm springs .
but here in palm springs , that 50s style reigned supreme , and many buyers paid well to get to buy one of these houses .
the flimsy thin glass certainly would nt block out the noise of the ever increasing traffic at the palm springs airport .
there are a lot of homes in the palm springs area designed by famous architects such as richard neutra .
then , about two years ago , when there was a small slump in sales , he discovered that many of his potential buyers were intrigued by palm springs history as a getaway for entertainers and film stars and the legacy they left behind .
in its heyday , in the 1930s and 40s , palm springs was the place where many of the hollywood movie stars slipped away to for rest , relaxation , drying out , cosmetic surgery or illicit affairs .
he d made it up , he knew that bette visited palm springs , but she certainly never even saw that little house .
rex did nt even know if the late rudy vallee had even been to palm springs .
he thought he could see the suns reflection off the upper station of the palm springs tram line , he had seen the light from here at night .
six months ago he sold a house with all the furniture and a 1988 lincoln continental in the garage to a couple moving to palm springs from minnesota .
he had nt been there at the time he was out showing someone else a property he had just listed in the deep well area of palm springs .
she had talked with rosie , the office manager , and when the message was relayed to him , the word was that she was a recent widow and wanted to move to palm springs to be closer to her sister who had bought a home from him earlier .
he usually preferred meeting clients in the office out on palm canyon and driving them over to the property in his big jaguar .
wayne johnson was captain of detectives at the palm springs police department .
they hit it off then , and were casual friends until henry retired to palm springs three years ago .
finally , they narrowed it down to las vegas , nevada or palm springs , california .
henry recalled that at the time it seemed a little odd that he headed for the nevada desert in order to look for snow suits with weapon access amidst the palm trees of the countrys largest warm weather destination .
he would probably never visit las vegas again ; he had nt even been able to go into the indian casinos since moving to palm springs .
at this point , he was very happy to be here in palm springs with its desert climate .
he glanced at the wedding ring he still wore , even though there was no irma in palm springs , it was a lot better to be retired here than shoveling snow at their old house in eagle river , wisconsin .
henry was enjoying the heat of palms springs in late april as opposed to the cold of eagle river , wisconsin where this time of year it would barely be thawing .
see you tomorrow he said closing the door and slowly making a u - turn to head back down granvia and towards the palm springs police station .
henry turned back at his car to take one more look at the house as he thought about his weekly practice matches with wayne at the palm springs gun clubs pistol range out in the desert .
he did enjoy shooting the weapons at the range and shortly after he moved to palm springs he bought a new glock 17 which was the choice of most police officers these days .
he found the office building quickly near the palapas garden nursery on palm canyon close to the new condominiums that had just been built .
the walls of the room were lined with professional photographs of large estates in the palm springs area .
these are houses and estates that were designed by well known 50s architects like albert frey and richard dutra here in palm springs .
you know he has this uncanny ability to discover which movie stars and celebrities used to come right here to palm springs to dry out or recover from plastic surgery or even have illicit affairs .
she lowered her voice , it was a small run - down hotel out near the palm springs racquet club known as the legend .
once it cooled off a bit he rolled up the windows and turned the car north on palm canyon and made a right turn on sunrise way heading for home .
he knew they were as ubiquitous as palm trees in this part of palm springs .
he knew they were as ubiquitous as palm trees in this part of palm springs .
henry bought the house on mel avenue , a small street of older homes between indian canyon and via miraleste two blocks north of the hospital , shortly after moving to palm springs .
right after henry moved into the house , he met charles at the senior center where henry had been going to meet people and socialize since he arrived in palm springs .
henry discovered that charles longtime partner jonathan passed away of aids a few months before and charles moved to palm springs from northern california after his death .
after moving down to palm springs with his dog he could nt find a place to rent that allowed pets .
first of all , his picture is everywhere ; it seems as though he has the for sale market cornered in palm springs , you ve seen the signs around here have nt you ?
how do you know that there are a lot of celebrity owned homes in palm springs ?
well , jonathan rest his soul and i have been coming to palm springs on vacation for many years .
anyway , palm springs became popular with the hollywood crowd during the great depression .
this place was the perfect hideaway , far enough away from the gossip columnists like louella parsons and hedda hopper in hollywood , and they came here to play tennis just down the street at the palm springs racquet club , or attend a party or two , and unless things got too wild , they were pretty safe here .
you know , palm springs had already lost its luster while jonathan and i were vacationing here in the late seventies , and a lot of celebrities had moved to more upscale places like palm desert , rancho mirage and indian wells .
you know , palm springs had already lost its luster while jonathan and i were vacationing here in the late seventies , and a lot of celebrities had moved to more upscale places like palm desert , rancho mirage and indian wells .
by typing in the zip code for palm springs and doing a search of the properties for sale , henry quickly had a full list of every home that was offered by numerous realtors and agencies in the neighborhood .
henry was nt sure that patsy cline had ever been to california , much less palm springs , but the dcor in the house was described in the listing as very western , so he supposed it could be possible .
bob hopes flying saucer estate was known by everyone in the valley , and most folks also knew about liberaces compound near downtown palm springs .
charles had certainly opened his eyes to the celebrity connection that palm springs had earlier .
charles was very knowledgeable about palm springs past , but then what else could you expect from a retired high school history teacher ?
henry doubted that the average home buyer or palm springs visitor knew which movie stars had lived here or even stopped at the el mirador for a drink .
over in the more developed part of palm springs , the checkerboard reservation continued , though you could hardly tell what indian land was and what was not .
the palm springs gun club was on one of these undeveloped squares of land .
of course , it was nt as large as the building here in palm springs ; eagle river looked more like the sheriffs office in mayberry than this large multi - storied building .
the homes in this part of palm springs were much different than henrys house on mel avenue , he felt as though his house was a cracker box compared to some of the structures that had been built here .
he was on the north side of palm canyon drive , up against the base of the san jacinto mountains .
the view of the coachella valley from here was spectacular ; it was as though palm springs was at his feet .
it was a signature palm spring fifties modernist design where the roof angled up and windows soared from the floor to the roofline .
the back wall had an aerial photograph of palm springs in the forties ; it was lit from behind and almost looked three dimensional .
there was nothing unusual here , the palm springs national bank , the desert sun newspaper site , realtor.com , google , ebay , the robb report , an article on the palm springs living site and travelocity .
there was nothing unusual here , the palm springs national bank , the desert sun newspaper site , realtor.com , google , ebay , the robb report , an article on the palm springs living site and travelocity .
he clicked on the article at the palm springs living website and started reading .
henry started reading : robert and george alexander , a father and son developer team , teamed up with noted palm springs architect william krisel and started building tracts of homes in palm springs for a decade starting in 1947 that were based on a single interior design and varied exterior designs that made them look different from the street .
henry started reading : robert and george alexander , a father and son developer team , teamed up with noted palm springs architect william krisel and started building tracts of homes in palm springs for a decade starting in 1947 that were based on a single interior design and varied exterior designs that made them look different from the street .
there was another note from charles on the refrigerator that he was going to be late at the palm springs aids hospice where he volunteered once a week .
this is palm springs , you know that there are a lot of gay couples here , i ve made no secret of my preferences and we live together .
charles laughed , she does nt count , she has more male hormones in her than half of the men in palm springs .
in fact , we are the most popular resort of its kind in palm springs .
he told us that it was designed by albert frey , a well - known palm springs architect who was a leader in the post - modernism architecture world that became popular here .
yes , we looked at a hotel over on the strip , on palm canyon i mean .
someone else was swimming laps in the pool while birds were singing in the palm trees and a large fat cat was sitting on the lawn watching them with lazy eyes .
it was a few blocks away , over in the movie colony section of palm springs .
lush tropical plants everywhere , large palm trees and a pool house with chaise lounges covered with thick fluffy white towels .
i m not really on duty ; i m sort of a freelance consultant for the palm springs police department .
we came out here to hunt for a home ; our friends were at their place in palm beach in florida , so we stayed at the hyatt regency downtown .
rex is very knowledgeable , was , i mean , about palm springs history and which movie stars lived in the various homes here , he showed us a lot of places in different areas , both here in palm springs and in palm desert .
rex is very knowledgeable , was , i mean , about palm springs history and which movie stars lived in the various homes here , he showed us a lot of places in different areas , both here in palm springs and in palm desert .
rex is very knowledgeable , was , i mean , about palm springs history and which movie stars lived in the various homes here , he showed us a lot of places in different areas , both here in palm springs and in palm desert .
a call to anchula was certainly in order , especially if what howard said was true , amit anchula was in palm springs the day that rex thornbird was murdered .
although anchulas presence in palm springs was suspicious , it certainly did nt mean that he did it .
henry felt that he was nt really , though the warm palm springs weather certainly made afternoon siestas easy .
henry thought he had seen it when he drove out to palm desert on route one - eleven .
he decided to lay out on the chaise lounge and get some sun , what good was living in palm springs if you did nt take advantage of the weather .
the rest of their dinner proceeded at a leisurely pace , they talked about their backgrounds , their passed on spouses and the reasons that each of them ended up in palm springs .
you ll have to spend the night courtesy of the palm springs pd .
one of the benefits of the small town atmosphere that palm springs has retained is that the airport is easily reachable from most areas of the city .
the jet took off ; henry looked out of the window to see if he could see his house , but they gained altitude quickly and henry could nt spot anything that looked familiar except the wind farms that helped produce electrical energy for palm springs air conditioners .
despite the ten foot muddy colored brick sound wall , henry could hear the trucks and cars going by heading south and back in the direction of his beloved palm springs .
you re partially right , i am from palm springs .
my name is henry wright and i m on assignment to the palm springs police department , i want to talk to you about the murder of rex thornbird .
we should start with what brought you to palm springs , how you met rex thornbird and why you re worried about being deported .
anyway , one of the places i traveled to during my time off was goddamn palm springs .
so anyway , last week i flew down to palm springs to check on this james asshole and would nt you know it , i m driving back from downtown towards my house and i saw rex thornbirds car parked on the street in front of one of the houses he had for sale .
when i saw you poke your head into the conference room , i knew that you were from palm springs , and i knew that you were going to deport my ass , and that s why i ran .
how did you know i was from palm springs ?
a couple of weeks ago , there was an older woman , a widow i believe , who called the office for rex , she bought a house from him about a year ago and is now looking at a house for her sister who was moving to palm springs .
a girl , who could have been tiffanys twin sister in palm springs , was now sitting at the reception desk in the lobby ; she waved at anchula as he walked in .
henry called alaska airlines and after waiting on the phone for a long time , they told him that the next flight to palm springs was the one he was already on .
next time you re in palm springs , give me a call .
actually all of thornbirds former customers did nt seem to mind paying a few extra bucks to get their dream home in palm springs .
his flight landed in palm springs exactly as scheduled .
it seemed as though at some point everyone in palm springs came through jerries store .
so you must be helping palm springs pd again .
ah yes , the mid - century specialist , the seller of architectural gems , the purveyor of celebrity homes , the man whose smiling face lit up this area of palm springs .
he took vista chino all the way out to date palm and then headed south on interstate 10 to indio .
he took the one - eleven turnoff and headed towards the indian palms country club .
it was a lot more house than a palm springs police detective could afford , but wayne and elliot had inherited the house from her parents .
he d felt at ease here back when he came to palm springs looking for a house and stayed with them for the first time .
yeah , i suppose that if everything was working properly , if you pulled someone over for a traffic violation on the streets of palm springs , the governments computer would let you know that they were in the country illegally , and instead of hauling them in for a busted taillight , you d end up deporting them .
maybe palm springs was nt a small town anymore after all .
i also need to tell you that there is a sub - culture here in palm springs that most people do nt know about , and i want you to know as well that while i just learned about it , i certainly do nt condone it .
personally i find this disgusting and immoral and if you and wayne can bust this organization , at least locally , palm springs will be better off for it .
chapter 15 saturday , april 22 saturday morning began with a little light overcast over palm springs .
how long have you been here in palm springs young man ?
that s right ; it was a beautiful building , designed by one of palm springs well known modernist architects .
why he was so curious , he spent about an hour looking at all of them and asking harrison which stars had lived here in palm springs , and who had owned homes , and which of them dined with us and all of this stuff .
he asked us what we were looking for and we told him a much smaller house , no stairs and down here in the flat part of palm springs .
mr . hudson came to the restaurant a bunch of times when he was here , that s how we knew that he lived here in palm springs , we just did nt know where until mr . thornbird told us .
after a few months of living alone she decided to sell her house in carpinteria , up near santa barbara over on the coast , and come and live here near me in palm springs .
he realized that the sister probably would have been the one that would find thornbirds body if she had made it to palm springs .
he found a golf shirt from the indian palms country club and put that on instead .
rosie made a toast to new beginnings the other night ; certainly this afternoon was a new beginning for henry wright , retired police chief from eagle river , currently residing in palm springs , he thought , feeling good himself and the future and at the same time he was unsure about how things were going to unfold .
you know , i was surprised when i found his secret stash of videos , but it does explain a lot , including his split from his original wife and why he was so secretive about his lifestyle , i mean being gay in palm springs is just not a big deal .
simon and his wife , berlynn , have four daughters and live in the sierra nevada foothill town of tuolumne when not vacationing in palm springs .
so shops , restaurants , palm trees , maybe , but otherwise dead normal .
arms swung aggressively from sturdy stances , and thighs and calvesthat zo imagined bulged in strength from running up palm treeskicked in warrior moves .
she did not take him into the house ; instead , led him to the palm tree lined pool located outside the home .
its dark hardwood floor gleamed under the layers of wax that coated it ; the numerous plants tall ferns and mini - palms were green and lush ; the walls were brightly painted in reds and blues , accented by gold leaf along the molding .
while almost all of the first class passengers were transatlantic veterans , few had experienced the supreme luxury the titanic offered a full gymnasium , a squash court , turkish baths , a large swimming pool , opulent sitting rooms , a smoking parlor , a veranda and palm court , three dining rooms along with a french a la carte restaurant , and grand promenades for each class .
he bought them a large kidney - shaped dish that had its own little island , a plastic palm tree , some aquatic plants , and a snail .
he took off the crude hat he had woven from palm leaves against the strong sun and wiped his face on the tail of his shirt .
nathan scooped a pile of palm branches up and tossed them aside , cursing himself for the hundredth time .
nathan slung a handful of palm leaves aside .
we 'll move them to the lockwood compound in palm beach .
she could use the socket inside the bedside table to charge up the palm during the day .
they were more than a waste of time - they were the physical representation of the total fruitlessness of all of it , my absolute inability to develop the kinds of palms that cover continents , to have the kind of mind that correctly imagines .
two large palm trees and a minibar gave the impression of a laid - back attitude which , given jett 's reputation , could n't be farther from the truth .
the scene was sun , blue water , palm trees .
she could just see the caribbean through a group of palm trees and the rhododendrons in front of the hotel .
in miami she had bought a palm pda with a folding keyboard that she could use for email and easily take with her in her shoulder bag instead of dragging around her powerbook , but it was a miserable substitute for the seventeen - inch screen .
a breeze was rustling the crowns of the palm trees along the seawall .
the palm trees along the wall were swaying .
she also found her palm pda and dropped it in her pocket .
he had been driving with bonnie and his old duke roommate , billy lee palms , the bisons ' catcher .
` ` how about billy lee palms ? ''
` ` you mentioned an old friend named billy lee palms . ''
in college billy lee palms had been the quintessential party boy .
mrs . palms was already heading down a corridor .
mrs . palms , dressed in a summer gown , danced with her husband .
was it the real mrs . palms or one of the reproductions ?
in desperation he turned to his old friend billy lee palms .
the missing billy lee palms , to be exact .
that 's the only difference between clu haid and billy lee palms .
why would mr . palms want to kill you ? ''
` ` and billy lee palms .
` ` billy lee palms was treated at rockwell .
` ` twelve years ago , '' myron said , ` ` clu haid and billy lee palms were minor - league players for a team called the new england bisons .
his best friend and passenger , billy lee palms , is shot to death - i wo n't call that murder because the shooter saved my life .
bonnie did n't much care for billy lee palms .
` ` clu haid and billy lee palms were n't doctors .
but not in the minds of clu haid and billy lee palms .
` ` even billy lee palms said it , but i did n't pay attention .
i hoped the same might happen with billy lee palms . ''
i did n't come there to kill billy lee palms .
but you did n't deserve to be killed by scum like billy lee palms . ''
not billy lee palms , of course .
billy lee palms just did what i told him to .
you had a hand in the deaths of clu haid and billy lee palms .
` ` a palm pilot ? ''
adam yates wore freshly ironed khakis and a bright pink shirt that might be the norm on worth avenue in palm beach but not broad street in newark .
the palm trees made me feel enough out of our element , but the cars parked on the left side of the road were really messing with my head .
melissa clutches ryke 's hand and begins to pull him towards the outside grill behind a set of palm trees .
connor holds a mojito low in his hand and watches melissa disappear behind the palm trees with ryke .
the air is thick with humidity , and the palm trees jut up from the grassy center median , leaning crookedly .
he 's yelling behind me , but i heave the door open and smile when i see that there 's no palm tree obstructing the view of the ocean from this room .
after two more concrete steps , the palm trees and lush island vegetation open up to reveal a white sand beach .
then as if the entire scene was n't ludicrous enough , one overly - ambitious photographer spies bella and i veering out from behind the line of palm trees and leans so far over the rope that his camera flashes into his face as he plummets to the sand in an awkward somersault .
but the bright flowers , palm trees , and vibrant water are n't enough to distract me .
she shivered and rubbed her arms , gazing at the dim light filtering through the palm trees .
a gust of wind boomed overhead , followed by a crack of a palm tree snapping so loud that she jumped .
sun and sand and palm trees- '' ` ` and hurricanes . ''
palm trees that had lined the driveway had been uprooted and fallen over .
it was dark outside when i arrived , and the outside lighting rose from the ground , illuminating the two large palm trees outside as well as the name spelled across the top floor : bentley hotel .
palm trees rustled overhead , swishing in the wind coming off the water , and all around me was the green of vegetation and the blue of the ocean .
to make up for the discomfort of my bed , i grabbed as much loose greenery and palm fronds as i could , stacking them all into a makeshift bed .
just as i had predicted , the palm fronds flattened within an inch or two , and i was left with a moderately fluffy bed .
i supposed i could drag a palm leaf over my head if it rained , but if anything tried to attack ?
irritated , i flopped back down on my palm leaves and tried to get comfortable .
my teeth chattered as i shivered on top of the palm leaves .
i wandered over to it , peeling a damp palm leaf off the back of my leg .
we glared at each other for a few moments and then he got up and headed down the beach to get a palm leaf .
and when it was a real flame , dean wrapped the entire thing in the palm leaf and carried it back to our fire pit , placing the smoking bit at the bottom of the wood pile with delicate hands .
two figures emerged out of the palm trees on the far side of camp and waved at us .
he put his arm around will 's shoulders and gestured at the heavy thick of palms in the distance .
` ` your shelter is amazing , '' she gushed , leaning over it and examining where i 'd woven the palm leaves together .
i nodded and did so , sliding down over the palm leaves that made my bedding .
the heavily slanted roof and bushy palms surrounding it were supposed to give an air of privacy to the hut itself , but i could see the rest of the hotel in the distance , and it felt weird to be so close to civilization once more .
we kept a few extra palm fronds near the front of the shelter to wipe the sand off of our feet , and as we did so , i noticed something odd .
beneath him , a thick bed of palm leaves had been crushed and trampled - probably by the rest of the tribe .
wooden masks covered the walls , and palm leafs had been strewn about the set , adding an outdoorsy vibe to the interior , and soft tribal music was piped in to set the mood .
there was a small potted palm that sat between the two couches ( which were set at right angles ) and if i could get him to admit something damning on tape , i just might have a chance .
l.a . is just like it is in the movies : a vast infrastructure booming with lights and tall buildings and expensive cars and white roads lined with palm trees and multi - million dollar houses .
my two sisters and i have excused ourselves from the palm reading to replenish on pizza and drinks .
as he pulled into the driveway , i admired the vast amount of palm trees that stood in front of the beige color , two - story home .
the beauty of the stone patio and perfectly placed palm trees gave way to the infinity shaped pool and hot tub that sat next to it .
the resort was a living jungle : palm trees , ferns , and exoticness in every corner .
a conservatory , the size of a four bedroom home , welcomed with vaulted glass and sky - scraping palm trees .
my breathing stayed shallow and slightly wheezy , but my body moved supplely enough to let me duck around small palm trees and ferns .
he slammed his hand into a palm tree , causing the fronds to tremble and shiver .
` ` resorting to a bit of palm action , roux ? ''
then his hand is on my lower back and he 's guiding me toward the large building with its spanish architecture and the palm trees that circle it like sentinels .
there are people on the other side , near the house , but we 're on the far side , obscured from the view of the house by a huge stand of palm trees .
the garden - although a little neglected - was still stunning , with tiny gravel stones building a strong contrast to the myriad of blooming flowers , and with palm and needle trees shielding the estate from prying eyes .
behind the huge palm trees and a dried up stone well , i could make out a gray building barely the size of a garden shed .
a few of the workers came out of the rows of date palms and waved as well .
i was able to park on the side of the road , a few palms blocking his view of my truck , and watch him through binoculars , completely unobserved .
around us , white beach sand was blowing across the driveway and a breeze was rustling the palm fronds and twisted live oak trees .
palm trees lined the narrow street and the street signs hung above flower boxes spilling over with red flowers .
when i left palm valley , it was a bit down at its heels , especially when you compared it to nearby resorts like palm springs and palm desert .
it took a while to get off of the main street thanks to the new stoplights and plethora of crosswalks , but as soon as i was back on the highway and turning off onto date palm way , a wave of nostalgia hit me .
the air even smelled the same as it once did , hot pavement , dried palm husks , and orange blossoms .
the date farm was at the very end of the road , lined with rows and rows of palms .
judging by the burlap sacks that hung from each palm , the harvest season was fully upon them .
an enormous wash of guilt curved over me like the surrounding palm fronds .
` ` now , '' he said , making his way to the sliding door that led into the date palm grove , ` ` i ' ve got to make sure my livelihood is alive .
was i even going to be in palm valley by the end of the week ?
i could go and leave palm valley and try to find a new life somewhere else .
` ` i ' m playing a show tonight in palm springs , '' camden said while taking the gun off her and peering at it .
now by the time camden had pulled the jeep off the highway and down palm canyon drive , he 'd grown out of his mood and was back to being chatty .
it was always best to steer any potential conversations away from me , so i got the ball rolling by asking him about life in los angeles and if he preferred it to palm valley .
so ... how are you liking palm valley ? ''
we sat in silence for a while , drinking our coffees and staring out the kitchen window at the sunny palm groves outside .
for all i knew , we could be going to one of the fabulous follies shows in palm springs , or harassing the camels at the living desert in palm desert .
for all i knew , we could be going to one of the fabulous follies shows in palm springs , or harassing the camels at the living desert in palm desert .
beyond the lawn was the neighbor 's fence , though you could n't see it thanks to the layers of flowering bushes and the occasional small palm tree .
everything looked peaceful before the shops opened , like nothing bad could happen in this town with its groomed palm trees and bright buildings .
then , when the time was right , i popped a few kava pills to kill my flaring nerves and headed back into palm valley .
` ` why do n't you just admit to me that you 're gay , that you 're one of them , those fruits over in palm springs .
but perhaps he was out in the palm groves helping with the harvest .
in three hours we 'd be back in palm valley , dust returning to dust .
` ` camden , '' i said , trying to write on the dash as he took the exit for palm valley .
thirty minutes later we were in palm valley .
i nodded at the road in front of us , the brightly colored shops and groomed palm trees that lined main street like a beacon , all pointing us in the right direction .
we were walking together between the rows of date palms on her uncle jim 's farm .
in the dream , i reached for her hand and pulled her towards a date palm .
we seemed to climb on and on , forever and forever , the palm tree stretching from twenty feet to thirty feet to fifty feet to a hundred .
in the statement , sophia had told the cops about us getting back together in palm valley and wanting to start a new life before i turned on her and beat her up .
palm trees and live oak waved in the breeze , a very picturesque scene that people never thought could happen in mississippi .
but when my eyes adjusted to the glitter of the water and the haze of the morning sun , i could see a couple of bright tents set up on the beach , nestled into some palm trees and a fishing boat dragged onto shore .
i have a few artists in palm springs that i trust to carry them out . ''
a cream sand beach was lapped by azure water while a beach shack stood nestled in a crop of palm trees .
captive or not , it was the only place i 'd been able to get a routine going since i 'd left palm valley for the first time .
it was pretty , black and white tiles in the middle , lined with busy cafes , palm trees and beautifully arched buildings that glowed white and yellow in a slew of lights .
travis 's place was at the end of a very long and narrow cobblestone street lined with flowers that seemed too bright for nature and palm trees that stretched as tall as the eyes could see .
after everything we had gone through as a family , after all the pain i suffered , the inquests from authorities , the move to palm valley to stay with uncle jim and her eventual abandonment of me , why was she here with him now ?
camden and i went back to palm valley and the exchange was made .
` ` world 's best date palm climber right here . ''
we were in high school and climbed to the top of one of your uncle 's date palms .
i leaned my head against her car 's passenger window and closed my eyes part of the time , and watched the palm trees fly by the rest .
and i really missed the palm trees .
i watched the palm trees blur into green streaks across the sky blue backdrop .
twenty hours of flight , despite a night of sleep in the palm in dubai still feels like twenty hours of flight .
he waded through a sea of wandering palms to get to me .
the path leading to the front door is lined with the same plants and flowers as the driveway , with small and large palm trees by the garage and front of the house .
on impulse , she walked in , noting with amusement that the greenery in the vegetarian cafe matched the lush palm tree pattern painted on her fingernails .
while distracted by tangles of baby 's breath and palm fronds , i noticed that marie had taken a shooter 's stance , her badass black gun pointing right at him .
i definitely felt like an outsider in this foreign land called los angeles ... palm trees and expensive cars were on every street .
we go through a few stoplights , past a few shopping centers , palm trees lining the broad boulevards .
if i could face palm right now without coming off as a complete spaz , i would .
i imagine all the other men and women , in evening dresses and tuxes , who ' ve walked through this lobby as we do , across the polished tiles on the floor , the red leaf pattern on the carpet , and through the french doors of the palm court to the terrace room just beyond .
i ' ve had high tea in the palm court .
she 's not in the terrace room , and i do n't see her in the palm court .
the santa ana winds whipped around the plane and bent every palm tree in sight .
i crossed my legs under the covers , listening to the rain in the palm trees outside .
then i hit the pool because , everyone knew , if you went to a place with palm trees , even if only for the weekend , you came back with a tan , including kickass bitches like me .
there were manicured , graveled in areas around the pool deck filled with palm trees , fruit trees and weird but attractive cacti .
i 'd be happy on a deserted island that had nothing but a palm tree and a lifetime supply of sunscreen as long as chace was there .
she glanced around the space , taking in the palm trees , exotic ferns , orchids , and soaring three - story glass roof .
i visualized a tiny sandy island with one palm tree . ''
i looked again at the thick palm trees , trying to see it through her eyes .
i glowered around the island , seeing threats where there were none , suspicious of the swaying palm trees , contemplating annihilating them just for existing .
together we followed suzette into the hushed mangroves and palm trees of cheval de mer .
the area was airy with a full glass roof , welcoming the palm fronds to cast shadows on the white porcelain tiles .
do n't make me bury you under a palm tree .
we turned a corner , leaving the density of the palm trees to find a large white marquee , resting on the sands edge .
think palm trees , peace and quiet , with just you and me .
jerking herself out of her odd sense of unreality as the mercedes slowed , holly glanced out the window at the tan and black apartment building that was framed by large palm trees .
she 'd always loved the stanford campus with its mature oaks and palm trees , large expanses of lawn , and the mix of old stone buildings with modern glass and steel structures .
under the fronds of a palm tree , she turned to face him , praying for boldness , hoping for the strength to see this through .
he was reaching for a hamburger bun when he saw her , his hand stopping abruptly before it reached the platter , his entire body frozen in place as he met the stare of a woman about fifteen feet from him , her body still and half hidden by a palm tree .
i turned on a quiet street lined with modest homes and palm trees .
the need in me wanted to push her back against the palm tree and f**k her hard .
cash leaned in , expecting to find postcard - perfect shots of swaying palm trees , sandy white beaches and a calm ocean , but that was not the case .
` ` since she called me this morning and told me she got invited to spend the week in palm springs with one of the ladies from her gardening club . ''
` ` first i want to know all about your trip to palm springs . ''
she 's standing in the nook where a huge potted palm blooms , right beside my door .
he strolls past a large , potted palm , smiling at me like nothing whatsoever is wrong , and when he 's close enough so i can smell his cologne , he holds out his hand .
there are palm trees strung with lights .
we strike a deal , and he says he will take me out of the palm tree forest , to the wynn .
i finish the second drink and sit the empty glass by a potted palm tree .
the mansion was enormous and surrounded by statuesque palm trees and what i think were magnolia trees .
* * * the autism charity ball was being held at the atlantis hotel , the palm and the room was already half full by the time we got there .
the lobby of the old broken - down hotel reminded elroy of a time capsule from the 1980s , with potted palms , large wicker chairs , and threadbare carpets in pink and blue .
the room turned out to be even more dismal than the jaded palm tree lined lobby .
` ` palm beach .
after the thanksgiving trip to palm beach , elroy had hoped he would reach another level with kyle .
during the christmas break , they took another road trip to palm beach .
this boxing gym was n't anything like the high - end commercial gym he went to when he lifted weights , where there were expensive slate floors , luxurious steam rooms , potted palm trees , and fresh clean white towels stacked on shiny stainless steel shelves .
the moment they entered the main dining area , a handsome young man in white pants and a black shirt escorted them through an indoor container garden of tall palms in gilded cache pots to a small private table at the back of the restaurant .
we do nt have palm trees , he said .
i just smile at him and watch out the window as we pass many palm trees and really pretty beaches .
outside , the palm trees were draped with small white lights , and people were walking along the sidewalk toward the front door .
in florida , the sun was shining , light breezes stirred the palm tree branches , and the grass was green .
palm trees lined a garden of immaculate lawns and carefully cultivated hibiscus and alongside the kidney shaped pool were garden chairs and tables neatly set out under a large white canopy .
now as she lay there , contemplating the waving fronds of the palm tree , she was glad she had resisted temptation , he was margerys man and she was not interested in taking him away from her .
in the middle of the buildings , in the u , was a rectangular pool surrounded by palm trees and lights .
i woke in the morning to the sound of seagulls outside the window and the sound of palm trees swaying in the ocean breeze .
about twenty - three men , he deduced as he stepped back until his body was squarely hidden beneath some low - hanging palm leaves .
anyone arriving would have to remove the hanging palms from in front of them before coming directly before xin .
he listened as the first armed enemy brushed aside the low - hanging palm leaf .
she walked into the canopy of a group leafy palms some three miles below , out of sight .
with its white sand and palm trees , some of which bore coconuts , and clear skies with more stars than could be counted , it was hard for a woman not to think about kissing .
even more if she was sharing the beach and the sand and the palm trees and the stars with a man she found awesomely attractive .
miniature golf was anything but exotic , but with this one , boasting a view of the beach , the palm trees and the ocean , was dusted with more than a bit of tropical magic .
it did nt spook him enough to keep him away on nights that he wanted to be alone , to think , just to watch the palm trees rustle with the breezes and see the dark , endless sky illumined by those millions of silver stars .
the palm trees , to me the most beautiful of all trees , reminded me of the excellent decision i d made a few years ago in running away to a place where summer is king .
the palm trees , the weather , the glitz and glamour ; i ve always been down with what la had to offer .
chapter 14 brandons house was a mediterranean style two - story mansion , complemented by lush gardens and classic la palm trees .
in the far distance , through the branches of a tall palm tree , i could see a ship on the sea .
maybe there will be palm trees .
if you re looking for something specific , we have turbinado , muscovado , demerara , rapadura , and palm sugar .
she resides in the palm beach area with her husband , cat and princess - in - training .
it was like standing in a hurricane holding onto a palm tree ...
it felt like i was back in the 1920s or somethingthe bar had these faux palm trees surrounding the area , even inside , and some of the ladies were even in total flapper wear !
there were some unoccupied seats at the bars exterior and we sat on one near a beautiful , lighted palm tree .
the pots of begonias dotting the porch waved gently in the breeze and in one corner , a large palm stood sentry over the four new rockers .
so far so good , but ahead of her , lined up like indoor palms on the yellow siena marble floor of the entrance hall , stood the receiving line : half a dozen people , only two of whom she recognized .
last night , during her birthday celebration at the palm springs hotel , she was found with a guy , apparently named blake rodriguez who works for the studio that produces her tv show , in ruins , who apparently is her newest flame , making out at a booth at the bar .
she cast a glance up at a large palm frond that was doing its best to tangle with the spangled comb set behind her top knot .
palm trees and mai tai 's are my forte . ''
www.ashleycharris.com cover design by amber harris : http : //www.amberhdesigns.com/ second smashwords edition september 2014 the author acknowledges the copyrighted or trademarked status and trademarked owners of the following wordmarks mentioned in this work of fiction : nerd , business accounting , college professor , olympic , olympics , swim team , swim champion , beer pong , pot , jock , breezeway , kate middleton , ryan phelps , michael lochte , italian , latina , miami beach , soda , red bull , mile high club , new jersey , jersey shore , mario lopez , will smith , ' welcome to miami ' , miami airport , miami grand hotel , heat , vivid image , grand palm , african refugee , bar and grill , grilled cheese , spanish , pina colada , dancing with the stars , reality star .
there were palm trees and green foliage laced between every building and graffiti covered wall ; this definitely was a strange and beautiful tropical melting pot .
she explained that they needed to report to the hotels grand palm ballroom to print and hang all their photos .
palm trees swayed slowly in the breeze and the frangipani tree dropped pink and yellow blossoms in the deep end of the pool .
a jar of palm wine was passed around with a bowl of fat , white , roasted grubs .
she still had a good buzz going from the palm wine .
the banks of the river were dotted with tiny villages , a few grass roofed huts shaded by palm trees .
a cargo plane sat at the far end of the runway and the palm trees swayed in the breeze .
for lunch , they ate palm grubs fried with salt and hot peppers called pili - pili .
he handed over a few bottles of palm wine then with one quick look at her .
he took a pee against a palm tree .
the hot wind blew through the dry palm fronds along the river .
it was a sleepy town , laid - back and tropical with banana trees and palm trees giving the seedy streets some credibility .
allison smiled and waved from a table under a small palm tree .
i hope you mean date as in a piece of dried fruit from off the date palm .
like i had this dream : i was in a sunny place with palm trees , so i guess it could ve been down at myrtle beach cause there s plenty of palmettos down there they re like palm trees , only smaller , sort of like miniatures anyway , there was a lot of people around and i was talking to them and somebody brought me a phone and said it was abe , did i want to talk to him ?
like i had this dream : i was in a sunny place with palm trees , so i guess it could ve been down at myrtle beach cause there s plenty of palmettos down there they re like palm trees , only smaller , sort of like miniatures anyway , there was a lot of people around and i was talking to them and somebody brought me a phone and said it was abe , did i want to talk to him ?
she s a heiress , with a social life that spans new york , palm beach and europe .
lizards , palm trees , and the occasional pink house .
the palm tree leaves swayed violently back and forth .
only the potted palm tree in the corner and the same old , colorful carpet remained as testimony to what they had lost .
i waved my hand before nervously tugging on my palm tree necklace .
the streets were lined with palm trees and orange trees , and there were really good restaurants , as well as the four - star resort , the wigwam .
she took in the palm - tree - lined streets and noted the orange trees , their branches hanging heavily with ripened fruit .
adela walked down the palm tree - lined streets and turned right .
there was a bar in the corner , a large ficus tree near a window , and scattered about in corners were a couple of dracenas and palms .
finding the car in the dark seemed to take an eternity , the night cracking as palm trees laboured to stay upright in the heat , and faces looming in and out of focus all around us .
the whole scene was lit by thousands of tiny glimmering fairy lights , the palm trees were cunningly floodlit , and the reflections danced gaily in the gentle waves .
the boys were sprawled fully dressed but fast asleep across their double bed , and through the thin filmy white curtains was a breath - taking view of an emerald sea sparkling beyond a pale gold beach surrounded by flowers , lawns and palm trees .
cafes and restaurants shelter under the palm trees all along the seashore , and although a rough track winds along behind them , the easiest way to get around is by boat because most of the bars have little jetties where you can moor a speedboat or a dinghy .
at the corner of the property loomed some royal palm trees and shade from the fifteen - foot high wall of bamboo .
the sense of peace yolanda got from sitting in the kitchen watching the seagulls wheeling through the sky and the palm trees caressed by the gentle breeze separated her from her daily reality .
just as teagan set her orange ball down on the emerald green astroturf to navigate a pair of dwarf palm trees , a handsome young man wearing the white polo shirt of an employee strolled over .
potted palm trees and coffee bushes enhanced the natural greenery .
i want you to know that i won the 25th annual green palms mini golf tournament today . ''
the panning shot revealed the colorful green palms mini golf course with the large white dutch windmill , tall date palms , and quaint english tudor style buildings .
the panning shot revealed the colorful green palms mini golf course with the large white dutch windmill , tall date palms , and quaint english tudor style buildings .
he was spiffed up in a nice new dress shirt and black diesel jeans so he did nt look like he 'd spent a day at green palms .
south of sunset - such a world - renowned name conjures up images of movies , sunglass - wearing stars , palm trees , plastic surgery , drug habits , the proverbial overnight success and the happy ending .
they moved to palm springs a couple of years ago , thank god !
jack has mentioned a couple of times that todd could stay with his folks out in palm springs , buttheyre total strangers and his dad is , well , a tough old bird by jacks own admission , andi just feel guilty .
the palm springs sun , uncharacteristically mild , shown down on the guests : jacks parents ; sean and his girlfriend - of - the - month ; his cousin case and his pal matt ; and friends of the mckenzie family from neighboring homes .
he stood in the far corner of the room , away from the crowd , partially hidden behind the pot - planted palms , strategically placed to offer some privacy for recalcitrant loners like him .
they all had perfectly manicured nails with designs on them like little palm trees , hearts and even smiley faces .
there were a few palm trees outside giving the area a tropical feel .
fancy designer stores lined rodeo drive on either side of the street and palm trees stood tall and swaying in the center of the two - lane road .
between the two - lane street palm trees had been planted , giving the street an exotic , tropical feel .
there were maples , oaks and birch decorating the perimeter as well as tropical palm trees .
as ro and carrie walked down the sidewalk on rodeo drive , they noted that all of the palm tress had been wrapped in golden , glowing christmas lights .
on either side of the main entrance door stood two palm trees wrapped in glowing christmas lights .
the foliage surrounding the mansion was a combination of tropical plants , and palm trees .
this was the first time blake was truly acting like a ghostflying through the sky , over mansions , cars and treetops , and swerving around palm trees .
i need a vacationa real , happy vacation where i can dig my toes in the sand thoughts of dancing palm trees filled my brain .
among the opening of oaks and beautiful hint of palms , i realized i was about to see momma .
when i made it to our car , which was conveniently parked near the house of my moms cousin , i discovered cassidy leaning against a palm tree exasperatedly talking on the phone .
in the end , i ordered moqueca de camaro , a dish of shrimp with coconut and palm oil , while gabriel ordered vatap , or fishy cream , and victor ordered a conservative salad .
she ran for the cover of a dusty fake palm by the ice machine .
it reminded him of jeu de paume or game of the palm that he used to play with his men back in france over five hundred years ago .
all my fortune had fled to palm beach for the winter .
wind rustling the palm fronds above .
behind the wall was a large area with a desk , a single droopy potted palm and some modern artwork on the walls .
so , they put me in a limo and we drove out to the desert near palm springs to an estate .
hamilton waited patiently , recognizing the man as bull , from the palm springs compound .
our table was secluded from the rest of the patrons by large , lush sego palms in giant pots .
there were two giant sego palms in what looked to be very expensive pots , a nice corner table and a crystal chandelier .
the tall palms swayed in the light breeze and the sun streamed down through the green fronds .
seagulls flew high above their heads , and palm trees cast shadows across the beach .
i was stretched out in a lounge chair , nestled among healthy palm trees and piped - in music , drinking an icy margarita , watching , enjoying .
the median is full of palm trees and below them plants with purple and some with white flowers .
inside are a big palm tree and smaller shrubs .
is he inviting someone to meet him outside , under the palm trees to dance in the morning light ?
a sudden wind rushes over the surface of the water , rattling the lattice - trunked palms just to his left , standing like leafy umbrellas over the lush grass .
he s been on the road for nearly two hours , walking aimlessly through the blistering streets of al - khaleej , scraping himself on the low branches of date palms and growing increasingly further from achieving his goal : finding where mr . x lives .
on one side is the same symbol he has seen before , what looks like a palm tree under which are two swords .
rows of date palms leap out of the desert sand and rush at him , jump rapidly into that same tiny hole , and fill his brain with a universe of laughing sweetness .
it was nt see through , and the only thing i could make out was a series of palm trees swaying in the soft breeze above the cusp of the walls .
a man in his thirties slathered paint on the palm leaves of a cut - out palm tree .
a man in his thirties slathered paint on the palm leaves of a cut - out palm tree .
breezy trade winds coaxed the tall palm fronds to sway as if in greeting and flirted with the hem of her black leather miniskirt .
it was quiet there or as quiet as it could be with the sounds of traffic and palm trees crashing in the wind .
the wind had gotten worse , and palm fronds were scattered across the sidewalk , forming an obstacle course on the way to her apartment building .
he sank down beside me , and for a few minutes , we watched the palm trees blow under the handful of visible stars in the la night sky .
he had been to hawaii before , but the heat bouncing off white stucco and the waving shadows of the palm fronds always came as a surprise .
table of contents chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten chapter eleven chapter twelve chapter thirteen chapter one good morning everyone , claire buchanan greeted her co - workers as she walked into the break room of robinson software and design where she worked in palm hills , california .
it was a sunny clear day in palm hills , california .
she stood before her closet pulling out flannel shirts and turtle neck sweaters , trying to change her thinking from palm lined boulevards and warm sun to a montana november at eight degrees and a screaming wind chill .
storefront windows sported snowy winter scenes painted in the shadow of towering palm trees .
when they arrived at sea cliff , an unseasonably warm breeze fanned the palms .
cass was left thinking , and for an odd instant , she envisioned some far off central american landscape , with terrence limping along a barbed wire fenced shore , and a coconut palm lined beach .
finally , they pulled up at the resort , a white stucco building with exposed wooden framework and large windows planted on a verdant hillock surrounded by stubby palms overlooking the ocean .
she turned to her right and could see palm trees outside the long wall of windows .
there are n't palm trees in portsmith .
she looked out the windows at the sun setting over the water and the palm trees swaying from a passing breeze .
he took off the crude hat he had woven from palm leaves against the strong sun , and wiped his face on the tail of his shirt .
false palm trees clustered around a patch of gold shag carpeting ; beside it , a dozen tuxedoed boys and ball - gowned girls formed a line for pictures .
i almost bought you a palm pilot , but i decided to go this route instead .
` ` it 's this way , '' she said huskily and hurried forward , the path illuminated by small garden lights mingling through the palm trees , the clicking of her high heels in competition with a chorus of green tree frogs .
as if mesmerized , danielle watched as he stripped , then walked over to the pool , the garden lights having turned on automatically as dusk descended , the palm trees and ferns almost hugging him as he stepped onto the edge .
a light breeze dipped palm fronds in the swimming pool , and flowers from the frangipani trees spread a blanket of white over a patch of lawn .
an hour and a half later they were sitting on a blanket under the coconut palms on mindil beach , eating pizza and watching the glorious sunset .
fifteen minutes later gabrielle quietly closed the door to her porsche and walked up to the front door of a small house nestled amongst the palm trees and ferns .
the tropical moon shone down on them through the palm trees as damien pulled her into his arms .
do you miss the palm trees ? ''
i could n't help but think back on the last time chloe and i were here together : of f**king her on the huge king - sized bed until she 'd screamed my name , of holding her hands behind her back as i bent her over the balcony railing , the crashing waves and rustling palms the only sounds masking the noises she made .
we followed him to a white cargo van parked at the curb , cool in the shade of a grouping of palms .
she wanted to tell him what this moment meant to the girl who 'd grown up in trailers , dreaming of palm trees .
chapter 3 oh liquid love snapshots at midnight : an obese woman with a stun gun curbing a poodle , an older gay couple power - walking in designer sweats , a college girl pedaling a mountain bike - trailing tresses of perm - fried hair and a blur of red heat ; televisions buzzing inside hotels and homes , sounds of water heaters and washing machines , wind rattling sycamore leaves and whistling through fir trees , a rat leaving his nest in a palm tree - claws skittering down the trunk .
every course , from the roasted tomato soup with hot rosemary - scented rolls to the hearts - of - palm salad to her entree was so delicious it practically dissolved on her tongue .
she 'd lived in palm beach for six years .
a lot of the palm beach crowd would fly to switzerland every winter for the skiing , but she was n't interested in learning how to slide down a mountainside on two skinny planks , so she had no reason to go .
if there was anything she 'd learned since moving to palm beach , it was how to bullshit with the best of them .
despite years in palm beach , she did n't know much about classical music , because she avoided symphonies .
she 'd spent six years trying to blend in with the palm beach crowd , but it was n't happening - not because of anything they did , but because of something inside herself .
oceans churning , volcanoes erupting , palm trees being whipped to and fro under gale - force winds .
luce studied the images silk - screened onto the plastic triangles - palm trees and tanned , bikini - clad girls with beer bottles at their grinning lips - and wondered when the last time had been when a real live girl had actually set foot in this place .
and beyond that -- the rush of vegas tra c , the heads of a line of palm trees , an elaborately lit swimming pool .
though the land seemed naturally dry , dusty , the earth was studded with thick palm trees and groves of olives .
a cloud of storks crossed the sky , their black - tipped wings spread wide as palm fronds .
` ` no palm pilots , either , '' kathryn said .
looking out at the palm trees , sugar white sand and crystal blue water , he wished he were here on vacation .
kate closed her eyes , picturing the swaying palm trees and pinkish sand of anini beach .
black palm trees swayed in the plumeria - scented air .
there were palm trees anyway .
` ` i ' ve lost my keys , '' he called after her , patting the pockets of his trousers and leaning precariously against a faux potted palm .
but when she looked over at gabriel 's confused face and saw him beginning to tilt to one side as if he was going to fall over and take the poor potted palm with him ( a potted palm that had never harmed anyone ) , she knew that he needed her help .
but when she looked over at gabriel 's confused face and saw him beginning to tilt to one side as if he was going to fall over and take the poor potted palm with him ( a potted palm that had never harmed anyone ) , she knew that he needed her help .
note the shaking palm tree in the far right corner ?
john , this is bitsy sumner , from palm beach .
but miami was too close to palm beach ; too many of her old friends were there , bored , and just looking for some lark to spice up their lives .
it was n't a grand mansion like those in palm beach , but it had been custom built to his specifications for comfort , beauty and a certain level of luxury .
ranching was n't good enough for her ; she liked the bright lights of miami and the money of palm beach , so she walked out one fine day and never came back . ''
bitsy sumner , the woman she and john had met in tampa when they 'd gone down to have the deed drawn up , was the worst gossip in palm beach .
palm leaves , tree branches and an assortment of driftwood sprawled across the sand , remnants of last night 's storm .
there were palm trees in the distance .
` ` in a vault deep beneath oliver cromwell jones 's compound in palm springs .
i could buy you and momma a nice house someplace , like palm springs , on a real golf course . ''
neither heart nor palms listened .
pulsing with agitation , he followed grey past a group of palms and gigantic things with leaves like the ragged ears of elephants .
` ` i wanted different , out of the ordinary , '' taryn said , gazing out over a landscape of vine - strangled palms backdropped by a sleeping monster of a volcano .
the man and his wrestlemania shoulders ushered them out a side door and down a long sandy path , which was bordered by lush ferns and palm trees on either side .
` ` while they 're fanning the revered ones with palm fronds , i suppose . ''
above her , palms fronds swayed and clacked in a gentle sea breeze .
immediately the boy set off along that path again but veered down a different track that was crisscrossed with pygmy palm fronds and littered with color - filled butterflies .
shadows cast by the surrounding palm trees had grown a little darker and longer .
her hair is a natural disaster , post - hurricane palm trees .
the olympic - sized pool was surrounded by lush foliage , imported palm trees , and vivid red and purple irises to surround swimmers in a tropical lagoon .
she followed the signs to boulevard de la croisette and followed toby 's directions past palm trees and parks , luxury hotels , galleries and designer boutiques .
palm trees swayed in the late afternoon breeze .
palm trees swayed in the breeze , and the silver light of a full moon reflected against the crashing waves of the surf .
maybe she 'll forgive me for being so dumb as to try trimming the palm trees in the entry with an extension ladder instead of calling in the cherry picker . ''
i was off duty , doing a little gambling , and one of the supervisors came over and started in about the palm trees .
neil hung back , lingering behind a potted palm so he could survey the situation .
` ` i 'll more than likely run us into a palm tree but i do n't give a shit at the moment , '' i replied as her hand slipped down the front of my underwear .
he stood there , swaying like a palm tree in the trade winds , his eyes closed .
stately old homes kept in pristine condition surrounded by palm trees and colorful flowers gave you a sense of being transported to another time and place .
a short distance away , lyssa swung in a hammock between swaying palm trees , her long legs revealed by the part in a sarong , her lush br**sts barely restrained by the tiny triangle cups of a crocheted bikini top .
instead of pacing back and forth , they walked down the sand - covered pier to a trail , continuing around a corner past the thick , lazily bent trunks of native palm trees .
palm trees surrounded my temporary residence , and i noticed cynthia 's casita peaking out of the trees to one side of me , and jared 's on the other .
i giggled as i watched him swiftly vanish behind the palms and return within moments .
i looked up as i listened for the rain , but the only sounds were the intermittent dripping from the roof and the fronds of the palm trees , and the birds singing brightly just outside the cabin .
i watched it as we walked down the block until it disappeared behind the palm trees .
sitting on tiny shreds of palm fronds sat the ring i 'd tried on in the vil age .
it had just begun to rain when he set our suitcases on the floor beside the bed , and the smell of the rain combined with the sound of raindrops tapping on the roof and bouncing off the palm fronds took me back to a not - so - distant past when everything seemed innocent and exciting .
that trivial little fact was easy to ignore with the light rain tapping the tin roof , and the palm fronds brushing against our casita as the wind gently pushed its way through the trees .
birds sang to each other from the branches of the palm trees , and the sounds of the ocean gave away its close proximity .
my heart pounded against my chest when the chapel 's steeple appeared above the palm trees , and i could barely restrain myself from bursting from the truck and running inside when the fountain , and then the wooden double doors came into view .
the only thing that seemed foreign was the sun and palm trees .
the two - story foyer , open to the mezzanine level lay wide and bare except for a row of potted palms that led customers into an area beneath the shops .
it sounded corny when he said it , and she 'd initially laughed and said no , but when he 'd gently reached for her foot , slipped off her sandal , and begun his massage , she could n't help but give in , imagining that cleopatra must have felt much the same way as she relaxed under the gently swaying palm fronds .
i suppose i 'd imagined the palms and rain forests typical throughout the south pacific , but instead the island was largely covered with grassy meadows , as if part of kansas had been dropped into the middle of the ocean .
over time , a few palms eventually sprouted again , but to speed the process , mature palm trees were imported from tahiti .
over time , a few palms eventually sprouted again , but to speed the process , mature palm trees were imported from tahiti .
these trees , however , turned out to be diseased , and they not only died , but ended up killing most of the remaining palms on the island .
after taking photographs , we got back in our van and headed to anakena , a cove fronted by a white - sand beach that was dotted with one of the few remaining groves of palm trees .
palm trees stretched as far as the eye could see , and we wondered if easter island had once looked this way .
towering palms and lush ferns bordered winding entry roads ; flowers sprouted everywhere the eye could see .
a building with blue neon palm trees cast an eerie glow upon his face as he gave me a knowing look .
they played in the surf , took a nap in the shade of a palm tree and then motored back to the yacht at sunset .
he led her through the music room , past the piano to a pair of french windows that led out to an enclosed garden with a seating area and an infinity pool shaded by palms .
the oasis was still and lovely , a placid little sea of blue fringed by palms , flung down in the desert by an almighty hand .
eventually ammar led her back towards the oasis , to a sheltered spot where a couple of palm trees shaded them from the relentless sun .
palm trees lined the private drive of the hotel .
she could no longer hear any music , only wind in the palm trees and the ocean crashing below .
a border of tall palms swayed in the evening breeze .
beef fat , lard , palm oil - and it 's about fifty percent white sugar ... '' diana was biting her lip and cassie was shaking silently , trying to keep a straight face .
he was surrounded by ferns and fake palms .
matthew shrugged as a golf course with a lush lawn and palm trees whizzed past .
the driver steered the suv along a winding paved drive through palm trees and sea grass until the view parted to reveal a sprawling white three - story house with victorian peaks overlooking the ocean .
palm trees and sea grass parted to reveal a white three - story house with victorian peaks overlooking the ocean .
wind rustled through palm trees .
the towering white stucco house , rustling palm trees , massive archways and crashing waves ... she could have been seven again , with her mother beside her , waiting for him to greet them .
if i can swing it after quinn 's , i thought a few days on a nice island - palm trees and margaritas , and balmy , tropical nights . ''
matching tall stainless floor lamps arched like palm fronds over each side of the mattress , and pillows piled high against the tall scrolled wooden headboard .
in his white coat , dr . timbers is waiting for me when i meet my mother in the lobby , where three palm trees lurk among the couches and lounge chairs , as if the bad place were in orlando and not baltimore .
` ` kade tried to climb the palms from the yard to the balcony .
at night she would wander on to the balcony and watch the palms sway .
it 's not as if there are assassins hanging out in the palm trees , waiting for that one moment you turn your back . ''
i have n't checked the palm trees , but that would n't shock me . ''
in two hours they 'd managed to build a fire , gather palm fronds and bamboo for an eventual shelter , and scout around what was now their base camp .
she 'd fashioned a clothesline by tying some rope between two palm trees and hung their garments to dry .
hell , coop had all but volunteered to commit suicide by palm tree just to put the plane down in a visible location that might give the rest of them a better chance at being rescued .
he 'd built a little shelter with a bamboo floor and a roof made of palm fronds he 'd woven tightly together , then secured to hold against the wind .
he was even teaching her to throw a spear , and she 'd become the freaking queen of weaving together palm fronds for their ever evolving roof , but he was n't letting her near their food .
their hotel was on waikiki beach , built on white sands and surrounded by swaying palms .
the porch , which wrapped around two sides of the house , was wide and gracious , filled with ferns and palms , and ceiling fans had been installed to provide a breeze whenever nature fell down on the job .
all around , palm tree fronds whispered in the breeze .
her laughter sounded as silky at the palm fronds .
quinn smiled at the thought of her parents , stretched out on the clean soft sands of st . thomas , with palm trees behind them and a perfect pastel blue sea open to the horizon .
what 's next , fanning her with a palm tree leaf , wearing a speedo ? ''
past a small parking lot full of resort vehicles and a foul dumpster , they followed a stone - laden path between a few palm trees , away from prying eyes , toward the sound of waves breaking .
to erase the ugly conversation she 'd had with tori , she peered through palm fronds and over sea oats to the turquoise gulf of mexico sparkling in the sun .
trimmed hibiscus , manicured emerald lawns , and rows of queen palms lined the grid of streets that made up a painfully planned community full of pink and beige houses , all topped with the same barrel tile roof .
but as the taxi made its way through a warren of palm - lined streets with pastel houses and coconut palms , nate stayed stone silent .
but as the taxi made its way through a warren of palm - lined streets with pastel houses and coconut palms , nate stayed stone silent .
somewhere in that concrete jungle with palm trees waited maddox communications .
lauren rushed into the restroom , potted palms and hanging ferns packing the space .
panting , mari braced a hand against the wall as she stumbled past a potted areca silk palm strung with twinkling christmas lights .
palms and fruit trees with lanterns illuminated the shore .
potted palms , carved masks and mounted animal heads passed in a blur as he made his way back to his suite .
palm trees clustered along the empty shoreline , creating a thick wall of foliage just beyond the white sandy beaches .
mari strode past oil palm trees decorated with bells .
long into the night , mari stared out the window at the shoreline twinkling with lighted palm trees .
palm trees spiked from the lush landscape .
palm trees lined the beach with only a small white stucco building and a two - lane road .
he pointed ahead to an outcropping packed with palm trees .
steering the suv under the arch of palm trees lining both sides of the road , he searched for the right words to prepare shannon for something he 'd never shared with a soul .
he pointed to a cluster of palm trees with surfboards propped and waiting .
potted palms and cacti added height to the interior landscape .
palm trees spiked from the landscape , lushly thick and so very different from the leafless snowy winter they 'd left behind .
palm trees had a more tropical than landscaped feel .
out in the main living area , he guided her to the sectional sofa , wide palm ceiling fans clicking overhead .
at six - thirty that evening , brooke pulled her bmw convertible past a row of palm trees and a hibiscus hedge into the side parking lot of the hotel victoria - eight impressive floors of brass and glass set on the south beach shore .
brooke stared out the limo window , counting palm trees whipping by to steady her thoughts ... as they passed the exit to her condo .
she stared out the limo window as they drove deeper into south beach with each palm tree that whipped past.rollerbladers zipped along the sidewalks despite the cooler temperatures .
brooke stopped him just shy of the open door and tugged him behind a decorative potted palm .
a squawky bird cried out from a palm tree above them , and a woman on the other side of the bar called for another sloe gin fizz .
kit spun around in a full circle , taking in the entire lobby , from its polished pink marble floor to the skylights opening on the star - studded night above , scanning all the lush potted palm trees and tastefully arranged rattan furniture .
about riotous music , squawking birds , palm trees , oceans , and marimbas .
as she pulled the door open a bit more , lucas saw that she was dressed in a silky robe that fell to her ankles in a riot of color , a purple background patterned with palm trees and volcanoes and words that seemed to spell out aloha from waikiki .
the patio was dominated by an olympic - size pool and lined with queen palms that swayed in the cool breeze .
as he sang about making love beneath waving palm trees , with the humid night air pressing around , summer felt herself being seduced right along with the rest of the crowd , lulled into a magical moment .
you know all the stuff that 's in there about making love under the palm trees ? ''
with the sun shining , it would be a true sight to behold with chalky sand , fan palms , and exotic plant life .
her fingernails had small palm trees painted on them and she wore at least one ring on every finger .