chapter thirty hand in hand , they walked nearly the entire length of palm drive into downtown palo alto in silence .
` ` will you tell us about her and about palm bonita ? ''
she was actually in palm bonita because she wanted to get away from him . ''
those innocent veracious eyes , little playful palm , stubbornness to rule fate has always lured me .
i did the biggest mental face palm ever .
we are augmentees from marine corps base 29 palms .
in the mid-1980s , i was good friends with a mail courier named kevin who worked in san bernardino , about a couple of hours from 29 palms .
upon his re - deployment back to 29 palms he separated with eighteen years of service as a gunnery sergeant , forfeiting a lifetime of retirement .
i knew vickys husband ( andrew ) because he was a navy corpsman ( medic ) for the camp pendleton freestyle wrestling team and he accompanied them to one of our dual meets at 29 palms the year prior .
for example , my equal opportunity officer at 29 palms , well his name was master sergeant bias .
in alberts palm were twenty - three very old gold coins of various origins .
in all actuality , there is n't very much to tell about , unless you read palms .
good old - fashioned greasy palms .
` ` i needed to pinch myself when we drove down palm drive .
the night manager of the 7 - eleven on palm desert drive has nothing much to do for most of his nights but mull over the state of his middle - aged life , the modern - age world , and the tabloids , which , aside from alien and dead celebrity sightings , just love to report on clapper carnage .
she threw her palm up to interrupt him .
ok ,   said john placing the little trinket in the palm of richs plumpish hand .
i reckon we ' ve spent ... probably more'n a thousand dollars so far , and that 's not including hirin ' the coach , and we have n't paid mrs palm for the room . '
` ` i know they are elderly gentlemen , but my members are- '' ` ` i think the problem there , mrs palm , is that although the horde are apparently very appreciative of the company of women , they do n't listen to anything they say .
i 'd told her how alan had , quickly and efficiently , put me under hypnosis and ` ` smoothed out a few psychic wrinkles with the palm of suggestion . ''
lex removes four percocet and washes them down with a palm of tepid water .
yeah , little palm was great .
` ` and as you suggested earlier , our old fraternity brother billy lee palms might know something . ''
` ` mrs . palms , where is billy lee ? ''
` ` one , our old fraternity chum billy lee palms appears to be missing .
should zorra suffer because a drugged - out psychotic like billy lee palms hangs up a phone ?