he jerked around to see her dancing on an artificial green .
in the background he spotted a tennis court and possibly a putting green .
i folded my arms over my chest , quite confident in my ability to lose control of my power surges and send either of them into the green for a while .
now my view of torrie was effectively blocked , which made it impossible for me to use the green to take him down .
i strolled farther out across the green that met the rocks of the coast .
he leads me along a path through the trees , down toward the pond - which everyone around here calls the ` ` lake '' -and away from the crowds on the main green .
and then , all at once , it 's clear : ahead of us , where the path enters the green again , there 's a crowd of people waiting for us .
` ` i may have snuck in and spray - painted a few obscene words on the green . ''
a great cry rose from the soldiers behind her , and she realized that indeed the prince was home , and up ahead , across the sloping green , she saw upon a great precipice overhanging the valley the prince 's castle .
for the first time she stared at the true immensity of the court , the dozens upon dozens of tables that sprawled out on the green and appeared in great numbers in the forest beyond it .
the auction in the marketplace the cart had come to a stop , and beauty could see through the tangle of white arms and tousled hair the walls of the village below , with the gates open and a motley crowd swelling out onto the green .
he had hoped it would nod its head or stamp a hoof , like a trained horse he had once seen on the village green when he was younger .
stomping on the gas once more , he sent her flying back into the seat as they lurched forward , racing over pristine greens .
not just the tournament , but for the green . ''
a black staff was in her hand as she gestured and chanted at the figure on the living green , crazy as a loon in spring .
` ` the green .
west 's football team runs onto the green , and the crowd goes wild .
and the green was gone .
colin looked about the green at five crestfallen male faces and scarlett 's knowing one and said , ` ` just making things clear . ''
i stumbled out from under the archway on to the sprawling green .
the rueful thoughts had barely skimmed through her mind when there was a rustle of noise and a slender form darted across the closely mowed green , heading directly for the nearby bushes .
hopefully the greens had gone running to branston and would stay there .
i can see him after class , walking over the green .
i really want to get you on a real green . ''
archer studied the green .
dougal asked , appearing from the green behind the house and falling into step with him .
they all watched spike , the big , bad champion fighter of shiftertown , walking down the green with a cub dangling from his jaws .
the shifters did n't use it much , from what she 'd seen , seeming to prefer the common greens behind their houses .
the heart of the battle converged around the morrissey house , about fifty or so shifters battling it out in knots of fights that spread down the green behind the houses .
one of the females , peigi , was in the backyard , staring listlessly across the green .
she stopped herself from flinging the phone off the porch and into the green , because it was her phone , and expensive .
later , the more nocturnal ones would be out with neighbors , playing with cubs in the long stretch of green behind the houses , or leaving shiftertown to go to the bar liam managed or one of the clubs in town that allowed shifters .
he remembered sun on her face and her succulent body against the green .
at the top of the hill she found a boy to watch the horse and buggy , and she trekked to the little green she liked , katie grumbling behind her .
beth quickly scanned the green but saw no tall man with dark red hair and unusual eyes .
proper ladies pulled the curtains closed in their carriages and did not look out when their route took them through shoreditch and bethnal green .
` ` fellows found someone who heard mrs . palmer tell a cabbie to take them to bethnal green .
cameron 's gaze strayed to the green where the count had taken ainsley 's arm to lead her to the first wicket .
a screen of trees blocked them from view of the green , making them effectively alone .
lambs followed their mothers on the damp green , the lambs and ewes looking like mobile clumps of mist in the gloom .
when she reached the center of the garden , she kept walking , off the path and onto the green .
the brown square building of the central library sat recessed in the green .
mac strode into the park , scanning the flat green and its walkways for aimee .
the brown brick building , its white corner trim and windows soot - stained , stood like a cathedral on the green of the gardens , an imposing edifice of the law .
the clouds were scudding across the sky , casting shadows on the water , and there was a man playing guitar on the village green .
he glanced out the window , where he could see the o'neills ' shop on the other side of the green , then looked back over at the table , where olivia was fanning herself with one manicured hand .
` ` i figure we could take a stroll through town , go to the lobster pot , maybe make out a little on the village green ... '' ` ` very funny , '' he said as they reached the little bank that separated the beach from the trees , and together , they scrambled up the slope .
the hotel sat at the far end of the village green , where it presided over the shops and the harbor from a high perch , and when graham lifted his eyes , he was surprised to see that the town was already busy .
on the other side of the green , a woman was struggling to wrangle a billowing tablecloth in the wind , and the colors - a brilliant red , white , and blue - were a sudden reminder .
he would miss watching the fishing boats go out in the morning , the way the sun broke across the village green , the sound of the waves that seemed to follow you throughout the town .
the bus turned onto the harbor road , and they could see the crowd up on the green , which spilled out onto the streets in front of the shops .
ellie 's stomach grumbled as she filled her plate with huge spoonfuls of potato salad and macaroni , topping it off with a hot dog and a cupcake , and then she balanced a glass of lemonade in the crook of her arm and followed her mother across the green to where she 'd laid out the same plaid blanket they used every year .
as graham walked to the set beneath an orange sky , the village green looked as it always did , a thumbprint of grass in the center of town , empty and quiet and covered in dew .
` ` hold on , '' she told graham , who began walking over to the sea of blankets that checkered the green .
he 'd been broken back to the green , his birthright jewel .
i watched jonah and sarah hobble across the street to a small square of green .
a dip in the green .
` ` the snooper system in back is in the green .
leaning forward , she traded the strawberry shake for the green .
brightmore house was in grosvenor square ; the white stone buildings around the green in the middle were new and close together .
artemis looked to the green where the guests were already gathering .
they stepped carefully onto the green as artemis described the scene for phoebe .
that afternoon the sun shone brightly on the green on the south side of pelham house .
instead he was strolling a green like a veritable fop with a rather silly girl on his arm .
she stood in profile across the green , her back straight , her stance that of some long ago warrior maiden .
there 's a draft in the green , '' she confided to melisande .
their conversation ceased until they 'd entered the outskirts of dryer 's green some minutes later .
trevor looked at the sandy - haired man on the other side of the pool table , then at the three lone balls sitting on the green felt .
it felt a lot less concentrated and organized than the green .
i watched as robin of the green came through the crowd with a small tree in his hand , roots dangling underneath .
i swung the cloak over my shoulders and quickly tapped into the green .
that was just after i had caused nearly thirty elves to go temporarily into la - la land after zapping them with the energy i had called up from the green .
i think it had something to do with my connection to the green .
i tried to get my mind away from the pain and nausea so i could reach out to the green .
he 's a strong guy and jayne 's got her connection to the green . ''
chapter 16 i tried not to make a sound , reaching out with my mind to tap into the green .
i thought about slamming him with the green and calling out to my friends , but something told me he would be expecting that - and i could n't risk having him hurt tony or scrum .
i sent a silent thank you out to water , grateful for its assistance and link to the green .
i felt something pressing against the green .
send their sorry elf butts into the green ! ''
so maybe there 's a way to perhaps enhance our skills through your connection to the green . ''
my lightheartedness got the better of me and i accidentally let a little of it slip into the green .
i could feel his nervous signature sending vibrations through the green .
my connection with the green was kind of personal in a way , so it was difficult for me to just start blabbing away about it .
` ` the green , for me anyway , is not just the forest area ... it 's everything in it and all the energy that flows out of and through it and around it - the energy that comes from the plants , the creatures , the air , the ... shit , i do n't know .
` ` i guess you could say the green is like a huge computer network for me .
i got a responding welcome back from the green .
` ` no , robin of the green .
i sent desperate images and signals out to the green .
` ` are you in the green ? ''
` ` finn , i need you to come out of the green .
` ` you can not stay in the green .
the actions taken by robin of the green were not part of the plan and so we need to speak with him to determine his reasoning . ''
` ` i have asked robin of the green to give you his firsthand account of this test ...
` ` does robin of the green 's telling of the event match your memory of what occurred ? ''
i had never been a fan of forest fires , but i especially was n't now , since i was so connected to the green and everything and everyone in it .
it was odd ; i could now feel celine individually within the green .
i sent out a quick message to the green , its hum having surrounded me all day , just waiting for a request .
i used the pain and anger i was feeling and channeled it directly into the green .
i even let go of the green , which was emotionally very hard for me to do .
i could hear its snarling roar clashing against the hum of the green .
it felt good to know that at least the green was on my side .
i sent a mayday message out to the green , not expecting there to be a plant out there that knew how to shoot bows and arrows , but i did n't know what else to do .
i sent a request out to the green to let my friends go , and they were released within seconds .
soon i was nearly buried in the sympathies and condolences of the green .
* * * we went to sleep that night with a powerful , and i hoped , very clear request for protection sent out to the green .
after the joy and positive energy that came from the green , this sensation was especially unwelcome .
first , the selfish girl in me wanted to connect back up with my peeps in the green , just so i could feel good again .
they lived in the green .
the light and love waiting for me in the green was unmistakable .
we had jared with a knife and i had a connection to the green .
unfortunately , the gift of future sight had not come with the gift of talking to the green .
i sent one more message out to the green before i quickly slipped my sock and shoe back on .
people of the green were screaming , crying , and dying .
it looked over a green , and had a communal pool and gym .
he was walking out across the green toward us , in no haste to keep up with the guards who had heralded his arrival .
it was the same everywhere : in greens , the bristol grill , the grand taj mahal hotel ; a combination of the victoria and several troopships landing at once had swamped the harbour area with would - be revellers , men made g*y and reckless by the end of the war and their increasing proximity to home .
deckard turned and hand - over - handed through the air lock , into the boarding tube and into dog green .
` ` so , you 're here on dog green , eh ?
he was relieved to note that it was still in the green .
since when did the greens get a part in the australia day concerts , one little old lady in the front row asked her neighbour .
he waited on the green outside the antiquities centre where he knew alfar would come , greeted the young man in his usual affable manner , then coldly and cruelly drained alfar of his essence .
rachel dropped the greens and hurried after him , the weariness and tension of the past days hitting her in a wave and weakening her legs .
chapter 2 forty - five minutes later hansum and charlene stood and floated on the open campus green , waiting for the history camp transport .
sk'lar went into a spirits shop to get lawrence and himself a few icy brews for the concert on the green .
on the walk to the green in the park , with a love ballad playing in the distance , their hands sort of just fell into each others ' and they easily just started telling each other stories about who they were , where they came from , what they believed in , what their likes and dislikes were .
i heard of a shatrevar to the northeast of here , in a kingdom on the road to the northern silver mountains along the great green .
about the author richard c hale has worn many hats in his lifetime including greens keeper , bartender , musician , respiratory therapist , and veteran air traffic controller .
two children come out from behind a hedge shouting with joy , whirl around him and disappear into the green .
i panicked slightly , moving my feet quickly from the edge and onto the green of the grass .
it happened so fast that green was a smoking ruin before either of us could react .
he shot him five times at point blank range , blasting shots into where greens hard drive should be .
smoke started to rise from greens bullet holes .
the green who was shot began to draw his gun .
the wall caved in and the green went halfway through it .
these greens did nt have glocks .
the bullets tore through the middle green , grinding him apart first , then piercing the two greens on either side .
the second green , the one that did nt get up , exploded on the beach .
we were walking across the main green and looking across the quadrangle , i happened to see you and your crew moving along with the academy chairman .
he ran right and left , panting , trying to rescue the green from the black , alice looking on from the terrace .
he spun the case around and saw that all the arming circuits were in the green .
he gently shut the case , leaving the arming circuits in the green .
kim joined a growing surge of people and jostled her way past several street performers as she crossed the main green .
the main green of grovely was to the west , several hundred meters away .
he climbed back down the tower and continued his circuit of the wall finally ending up at the village green .
he continued past the green to the village hall where clarkson had told him the officers mess was .
were alone on the green , a patch of synthetic grass dotted with trees , flowers , and benches .
there was no way in the great green that he would let her down .
by the green , yeah , it does !
` ` by the green there are so many , '' he said despairingly .
places like the market , a multitude of churches and temples , city hall , and a large park green were all there .
about a pack of lucky strike green .
the once - infamous cabrini green is n't far away , but urban renewal and the efforts of local neighborhood watches , community groups , church congregations from several faiths , and cooperation with the local police department had changed some of chicago 's nastier streets into something resembling actual civilization .
a metal shard stands in the middle of the green , a comm tower , if i do n't mistake its purpose .
soon , the rest of the squad has assembled on the green , a humble place to start a revolution .
i picked the outermost of the invading denarians , the one farthest from the center of action and attention , pointed my staff at him from my hiding spot amidst the green , and snarled , ` ` forzare ! ''
scrak was playing with something in the sitting green , a place where cultivated grass was grown and kept free of vines .
` ` greens are going straight to the hospital . ''
flattery 's private garden , ` ` the greens , '' lay underground in a cavern that had once been an oracle .
only flattery and spider nevi knew the coded sequence for docking inside the greens .
bringing zentz into the green ... a waste .
the greens itself was a lush underground park maintained by an old islander biologist .
he maintained no human security inside the greens itself but his secret did not want for protection .
` ` we 're not bringing any more people into the greens than necessary .
by the time he had undogged his hatch and signaled for help , the light inside the greens was too great a glare to let him pick out anything but little blurs of movement across his path .
the light in the greens was so bright that he could barely read his instruments .
agar was twenty - six years old , and in fair health except for a bad cough , the legacy of his years as a child working for a match manufacturer on wharf road , bethnal green .
needles which had n't moved in centuries suddenly jumped into the green .
to the side , one of hopefinder 's priestesses rushed across the green toward her god 's palace .
40 siri was enjoying a meal on the court green when treledees found her .
he leaned on the railing , looking out over the green and its glowing pavilions .
the neighborhood around the green had become slowly more tolerable , and the newer apartment buildings that had replaced the old were fairly nice .
two drunks lay with their heads on one of these , snoring and drooling on the green felt , their outstretched hands touching .
she saw four good - sized groups of about twenty horses each , moving about on the green almost exactly as birds moved about in the blue above them .
the black slipped into the green .
i rolled my eyes back in my head , and i cursed each and every one of them there on the village green that morning , that none of them would ever rest easily in a grave .
then she got up and hobbled slowly through the suddenly silent crowd , out of the cottage , and to the bonfire that had been hastily thrown together on the village green .
thirty seconds later an explosion took out the village green , scythed the valley clean of every living thing , and was seen as far away as halifax .
in the center of the green is a huge pile of kindling wood and dry branches .
a sudden commotion : ten men walk across the green , leading a handsome , middle .. aged woman ; she must have been quite striking in her youth , and the word ` ` vivacious '' creeps into shadwell 's dreaming mind .
if he sighted teenagers sitting on the village green , their portable cassette players playing , and they were enjoying themselves , he would take it upon himself to point out to them the error of their ways .
but there was a figure standing on the edge of the green by a stand of trees .
as the wagon reached the village green , the town remained silent .
martin shivered in the wan sunlight , wanting to be as far away from this valley as possible , but a shout drew his attention to the right , toward the other end of the village green .
martin crossed the village green , climbed the steps , and joined the catholic monk .
he picked up the green .
the staton memorial park and recreation area was twenty - five hectares of green on the roof of the massive imperial water processing authority .
all levels in the green .
followed by : defeat of the reds , disbanding of the greens , the tossing of bender 's ashes in the river moth - only , the wise old river does n't want them , according to legend , and blows them back in the faces of the assembled mourners ; thus dispersing bender all across the city when the mourners go home .
the undergrowth parted , low - hanging branches giving up their accumulation of snow , and grey wind and summer emerged from the green .
the rest were melted away into the green .
we live closer to the green in our bogs and crannogs , and we remember .
chapter fifty - five the sacrifice on the village green , the queen 's men built their pyre .
she had always caught , too , out of the corner of her eye even though she tried so hard to pretend that she had nt noticed , that she did nt care the admiring , sometimes even longing looks cast her way as she went about the village streets and greens .
at last they came to the main building on the green , the two - story tavern with its wide windows and peaked roof .
we crossed onto the green .
it consisted of about twenty houses , a large green and the church , surrounded by an unsettling graveyard filled with moss - covered tombstones , most of which had been installed in the eighteenth century .
on the opposite side of the road , travelling in the other direction ( as though to emphasise the contrast between the old and the new ) gleaming motor cars chugged along , leaving a trail of blue smoke that drifted in the warm air for a while before slowly floating away over the green like will - o'-the - wisp .
we all just stared out into the green , watching our companions push themselves to their limits .
were alone on the green , a patch of synthetic grass dotted with trees , flowers and benches ; the kids playground is a few feet away , but the little ones are probably at the schoolhouse the professor built for them and no ones here .
instead , i pretended not to see her ; followed her off the train to the village of chelmsford where she entered a flea market the size of the village green .
i said i d meet her on the green ; have a talk with her .
* the green was where most people headed when they did nt have any particular plans for the day .
all of their attention was now focused on the angels appearing one by one around the green .
still smiling , still silent , each angel gracefully made his or her way across the green , hovering just slightly above the grass rather than treading on it .
the ringing tones of the angel bus grew louder as it turned into the road running around the large green .
as she , si and emma made their way towards the still growing queue , other patrol cars slowly , almost silently drew into the road , parking along the greens edges .
not even the angels could tell that the two girls were n't just happy , but also a little bemused that chrissy and her friends had decided to walk across the green with them .
' or maybe , just like us , the ones you saw crossing the green were just cupping their hands and pretending they 'd got themselves a whole new angel . '
emma headed off up one of the streets leading from the green , keeping her hands cupped as si had more or less ordered her to .
* chapter 14 they kept to the edge of the green , si still pretending to coo happily over his egg .
from the greens corner , they could see both sides of the angel bus : the kerb side , where the queue was still patiently worming its way towards the buss front door , and the side facing on to the road , where everyone disembarked through a small , rear exit door .
thankfully , the angels and the police were on hand to safely guide her off the road and back towards the green and her waiting parents .
quickening his stride , he headed up the nearest street leading away from the green .
now they were a few blocks from the green , si had dropped the pretence that he was carrying an angel .
they d carried tom towards a large armoured van similar to the one used to herd the kids into by the green .
at least there were signs of life around the green , but these were all adults .
chrissy breathed excitedly , glimpsing si and emma making their way across the road towards the green .
a teenage girl of around my age was running towards me across the small green fronting a line of large houses .
all around me the greens are greener .
by the time the camera had eased down to 3,500 metres , it was easy to make out the tops of individual trees within the thick canopy ; dun clearings stood baldly out from the green ; and the river , untroubled by a network of silt islands , meandered serenely north .
* * * barry sat alone in the living room of the small garden flat which overlooked the green .
it will take 2 hours to drive to furness green , so we will not get there until approximately 9 pm .
reaffirming my grip on my cargo i remained true to my path , ultimately finding a clearing upon which lay a cricket green and a series of picnic tables .
i found myself , some time later , at greyfield park , laying upon the green and looking not at the mews across the stream , but rather the clouds overhead .
keep it in the green .
he s got a gallery down the road in the village , bout 300 yards down there , miss , on the left , near the village green .
it had been a hot day for the lakes and many people were relaxing on the green as the late afternoon sun cooled .
she crossed the road from the green and walked up to the gallery window .
in a car park beyond the village green .
gently i guide her towards one of the benches set on the green opposite the court , noticing how her body trembles beneath my fingers .
when he d got a light for his smoke , he returned to greens place .
it was clear that one green was worth three of smith , but that was nt the point .
it seemed there was a road of sorts that led to a tourist campsite at tsodilo ; but green saw no reason to draw attention to himself by coming in at the main gate ; not when he d come so far overland already .
what settled it was that green himself had waited all night in the truck that bloom had saved for his getaway .
jessica went to the terrace doors , swept her eyes across the green .
* with his research complete , rhyllann strode back to greens old offices , clutching a sheaf of papers .
there was much trade between the families and i grew to know them all , the halls , hoopers , smiths , shaws , wards , greens , kings , and the wrights .
the greens were in bed having sex .
as they stopped on the corner and waited for the walking green , two asian women came up to her .
he was in a pub in bethnal green at the time of the murder .
we did nt mark some of the harkers old premises which were also not watching such as that burned out factory in bethnal green , the warehouses in st . georges they sold to macdermott incorporated last autumn , or the abandoned tunnels some fool of a harker dug in the sixties to meet up with the west end underground .
i clerk at one of their factories near bethnal green : harker fine goods .
a guy was lounging on the grass in the bowling green , splayed as if crucified , as relaxed as a cat on a warm lap .
i was walking near queens woods , on the green , in early summer .
it would certainly frighten the greens , but probably not the russians .
to be fair , the greens were nt getting paid , and i do nt think they knew about the russians .
fucking aerate them like putting greens with this glock , that s what he was going to do .
a wide green appeared between the houses .
past the green was another suburban road , but this one had traffic humps across it , and was busier .
i do n't want for us to go outside for the green .
they came up with the green .
if he wanted to , he could now reach the green - if he wanted to !
they stood on the campus green , among buildings two centuries old .
viktor stepped into the village green , before the basilica and its companion church , studying the museo di torcello .
the cuffs of his dress greens were catching .
she 'd drive the white saab turbo her parents had given her as a graduation present to a garage on boylston street and spend her days walking the downtown and back bay greens of the emerald necklace , the seven - mile park system that surrounds the city .
florence 's dirigible landing green was part of boboli gardens , a robust and extensive terraced park that lay in resplendent glory behind the most imposing castle alexia had ever seen .
the landing green was located directly behind the palace and on the same level .
alexia heard a faint shout and thought she could see , some way across the green , their group of templar shadows running in their direction .
it sounded like the dirigible disembarkation green in hyde park .
ivy wandered about the green to stretch her legs and look for wildflowers .
her sister continued to complain , and alexia watched out of the corner of her eye as tunstell veered near to ivy on his way across the landing green and hissed something in her ear .
she closed it with a snap and took it with her around the side of the castle to where the crumpled form of angelique lay , unmoving on the damp castle green .
sophronia gestured below , where a great number of benches were being put out on the green near the skeleton of the crystal palace .
as they walked down the slope , he saw a group of servants en- gaged in mock battles on the open green .
when he finally stopped , collapsing onto the grass in a shady group of trees on the edge of the mowed green , he 'd felt her wake , reaching out with a mental touch to confirm awareness of his whereabouts .
he allowed her to rush off into the night , presumably toward the ticket stations of the larger public dirigibles at the green .
laborers and craftsmen traveled up and down centennial drive , feeling the pavement through their worn shoes , staying on the other side of the street , away from the green .
a narrow path burrowed into the green , twisting to the left , like a dim tunnel to the heart of the wood .
one cut to reassure herself that she would be safe until simon and the rest of the green 's residents came home .
like the other residential complexes , the green was u - shaped , with the connecting section containing the mail room , laundry area , and a social room on the second floor where movies were played on the big - screen television and a couple of tables provided an area to play board games the others had converted from the human versions of those games .
then it was time to meet the females who were gathering in the green 's social room to watch a chick movie .
usually out trimming the greens . ''
reluctantly i answered , ` ` there is this couple on the green across the street .
' you 're going to that party at college green ? '
i took the blue one , russ and maggie took the green .
as he races through the green , chased after by the ever - loyal antonio , we chase after him .
the medium looked suspiciously like the woman who hung out on the hollis college green , claiming she could speak to trees .
emily started down the sloped green , falling in line with the other rosewood day kids heading back to class .
the girls darted over the green , circumnavigating the giant man - made pond and a couple of amoeba - shaped sand traps .
the brisk february air bit at her nose and set the flags in the center of the green flapping angrily against the flagpole .
assembly there was no building big enough to hold the combined mass of the concerned citizenry , so salvation assembled on the green .
` ` well , there 's a dance tonight on the green .
abashed , i went in silence through the town , admiring the decorations on the green .
dazzling heat blazed between us , fiercer than the lamps hung around the green .
in reply , he took my hand and led me to the lamp - lit green , where other couples were already spinning .
i nodded , and his fingers threaded through mine in an unmistakable claim as he led me away from the green .
i figured that was where the meeting would be held , more organized than the impromptu sessions elder bigwater called on the green .
as joel stood , he saw old joseph - the groundskeeper - moving across the campus , winding each of the lanterns on the green in turn .
he passed a familiar figure sitting on the green outside the rithmatist dormitory .
as he crossed the dew - wetted green , he heard a clamor coming from the direction of the campus office .
as he crossed the green toward the central quad , he noticed one of the parents from before - the woman with the sharp nose and pinched face - standing on the green , hands on hips , looking lost .
a bird whistled in the branches above him , and a small springwork crab puttered along on the green , clipping at patches of grass .
she turned back to her scrubbing , and joel left , crossing the green to their dorm .
chapter 19 eminence green had there been any outside observers -- biographers to mark the afterlife of megan mary mcgill , better known as mary hightower -- they would have marveled at how thoroughly she infiltrated pugsy capone 's rule .
next they passed the college green .
the houses were grouped round a village green , on which children in pretty loose frocks or smocks were playing happily .
close to the green , i heard caroline bigwater ranting , but that was so common that i did n't stop to listen .
we 're passing by one of the pastures that malvern owns , and there is a splendid spread of broodmares grazing among the green .
outside , the courtyard looked like a set piece for a play : two dozen students dotted the green , but none of them were moving .
everyone 's attention was turned toward the corner of the green where henry had been standing .
wait for the green .
as gansey strode hurriedly across the center green , ronan appeared , knocking gansey 's arm .
` ` there 's a green near my village .
after an hour 's wet slog across the vastness of the forest , rain sheeting from their feathers with every wing beat , calypso , pup , and mingus landed at last on the little green above snoshti 's underground village .
along the edge of this green lived a man .
many a day the apothecary went walking to collect the herbs and leaves of the surrounding green .
at the center of the industrious town , off the open green , the one room schoolhouse bustled with activity and the sound of childrens voices , as they recited passages pulled from the important authors of the day , such as twain , thoreau , dickens and blake , each childs voice as distinctive as the passage they read .
the local water authority had a strict policy of not supplying water on this scale for non - domestic ( recreational ) use , or for even watering the greens after completion .
sea water obviously could nt be used , and although the survey had shown water deposits below the surface , they were really only suitably for el campos fresh water needs , plus watering of the greens and topping up the lake , if the deposits were to remain at sustainable levels ( not sucked dry ) .
no , my memory of the green is worth more than reality why suddenly had i become joyful ?
but since the time that santos , knowing that any help that olewan might give to him would be only a palliative , went back into the green to die , mortos had come back to the bury just a handful of times .
from the air , certainly , and even from ground level an observant visitor would think the greens snarl of brush , vine , shrub and struggling trees was impenetrable .
carefully comfortablebecause there was as much that could go wrong in the green for someone with elenas concrete and subway origins as there was danger in the smooth - tiled narrow corridors of the bury for the hard - hoofed centaur .
that duty was kept until the centaurs could survive by themselves in the green .
the two began walking again , past the shops and toward the green .
they re showing some movie tomorrow night on the green .
the green was only a few blocks from the inn , so he had taken barely a few steps when he began hearing the disembodied voices of the cinematic pirates .
there were probably more than a hundred people scattered throughout the green , on blankets and in lawn chairs , all situated so the tall pine in the middle did nt block their view .
on the fourth itself , he managed to escape the inn late in the morning and head downtown for the annual fun fest on the green , and the parade , such as it was .
they gathered at the end of sea street , across from the captains cove and the tourist shops , then marched the few blocks up sea street and then down beach drive to the green .
they bumped into each other every now and then , and met each saturday night at the movies on the green , reveling in the pirates wonderment or fear of whatever was going on up on the screen .
when he stepped out into the cool mist of morning , he smiled and closed his eyes and began to breathe deeply , to take in the morning air , the smell of earth and flowers and the recently mowed grass of the green .
now , gathered on the green in front of the church , the congregation surrounded the sad looking stump of what had once been the tallest tree in town .
he asked the captain across the street , to the wall beside the green .
the distress on lieutenant greens face vanished in an instant and replaced by a proud smile , thank you , sir .
place better than fiddlers greens that ocean is !
what is that place , fiddlers greens ?
not knowing a more appropriate set of words for an old horse , she thought of horse heaven , fiddlers greens , and began to recite him the song she had written : he went waterlogged , like any good pirate my memory of him being jogged , it seems to me or twist of fate surrenders to the waters felt like being robbed of a good sailor i know that black ocean was nt big enough for his devotion could n't sink but could n't swim his last goodbye when we say amen the lord 's prayer was n't good enough for something so reckless and tough as gentle seas grew rough i could n't contain my love seeing your watery grave gave me one last chance to save that part ripped and taken leaving you breathless , me shaken i know that black ocean want big enough for his devotion could n't sink but could n't swim his last goodbye when we say amen man overboard on his last tour of the seven deadly seas may god let his soul rest in peace on endless miles of blackened waves the last of his close shaves remember me as your knave your ever loving heroin please stay on haunting no more tears , just endless ocean ca n't stop to witness the emotion no more tears , just vast seas please rest in peace between tears she finished and by the time she was down he was resting with his head in her lap lying in his stall .
leaving the horse where he was tied to a hitching post she and the newly recruited napoleon went on a stroll through fiddlers greens surrounding areas .
that is when they realized they were back in fiddlers greens .
in front of her , overlooking a green , was a charming old farmhouse surrounded by a smart black iron fence .
to supplement my day trading , i had taken a part - time job mowing greens at the coronado municipal golf course .
i d just finished mowing the greens , and had hopped off of the machine to check for a hydraulic leak in one of the hoses .
i made my way towards the green , thinking of melody .
the green of the golf course and the tan of the clubhouse were captured perfectly on her canvas .
humph i like mowing greens , but i m not really passionate about it , i said .
i strolled through the park again and marveled at the immaculately - manicured greens .
the greens woke abruptly early the next morning to the sound of explosions rocking the fortress .
greens were falling ; injured , maimed , and defeated , all over the place .
a green scout rushed to inform the king as the blues handed a letter to the greens , and left .
the teens were being hosted by different greens in regdlin .
supporting jolly greens .
after that was the presidents desk and beyond that the huge bay windows that overlooked the green ahead .
he pointed over the green and over to the city .
cygan raised his arm pointing to one side of the green below and swept it across to point to the other side .
each shot of his echoes around the enclosed green of the white house and the office buildings beyond .
no golf club green here .
tudor city 's park is maintained by a nonprofit tenants ' group , tudor city greens .
chapter one i sold cannabis to students at the university , outside the appleton and the david hume towers - jarring modern glass and concrete shoe - boxes looming over one end of a once elegant georgian square with its central green still intact .
the brick and ivy of dartmouth soon made its imposing presence known over the green and the fancy little restaurants and shops clustered at its base .
at the east end was the village green , a large field of grass marked by the dozen sheep that trimmed it .
he scanned the village green but found no reassurance there , only five hundred sets of eyes staring intently into his .
she smashed his hands again and only then did dasen realize that the village green was deathly silent .
finally , she came around the last of the building separating her from the green and saw her nemeses again .
it stood by the road that defined one edge of the village green .
we should be able to hear the celebration from the green .
he was so absorbed by those horrifying sounds that he did not even notice when the trees came to a sudden end , leaving him gawking at the village green and the great mass of villagers gathered in its center .
most of the villagers had already been gathered in the green for the midsummer festivities he had forgotten in all the confusion that today was the solstice , a high holiday celebrated by every nation that followed the order .
on and on the destruction went until they turned a corner and looked upon the village green .
he leapt from his horse and strode to the door of the inn that bordered the green .
chapter 24 ipids shovel bit deep into the hard sod of the gurney bluff village green .
no shops were open , no children played in the green , no women talked on their porches or tended their gardens .
he could not be sure through the green before him , but there was certainly activity ahead , and he thought that he had seen the glint of steel as the man went by .
in other places , the green was dotted by the brown of a house or barn .
they gathered the people of gurney bluff into the green and butchered them .
he had looked at the remnants of the carefully maintained grove of apple trees that had been established at one end of the wilmont green .
emerging from the tents that covered every inch of the town green were three enormous warriors .
they place the basin before the green , dumping the water , and turn to go fetch more .
his neck swinging continuously , he searches for the green .
rejack makes a weary descent as he sends a prayer to the lady that the green will recover .
the rapid movement of the hatchling jerks his gaze back to the green .
rejack swings to the right , and flies a wide , zigzag pattern that allows him to encompass the area the green vacated .
her father , who had greeted the knights arrival dourly , expecting little from one who had won his spurs only days before , spoke earnestly with him as he sat in the seat of honour at the edge of the village green .
the girl appeared from the green , where the youths and maidens of the village had been dancing .
the next morning found the whole province abuzz with the news that a stranger had come in the night and was making a nuisance of himself upon the village green .
secondly , he had no right to stand upon the green as if he owned it ; did it not belong solely to the inhabitants of the village ?
the trio of boys that had lingered on the green the previous day had discovered both the new stranger and brins odd shopping spree .
they were not long in gathering the entire town upon the village green , where they trembled in unimaginable terror , at the very idea of which they had laughed mockingly only the night before .
oh , to be back on the college greens in the air of anticipation that spring created .
` ` it should be so , '' rosemary proclaimed for the greens and both abigail and isobel glared at her with undisguised hostility .
her name was leonie and she was one of the greens .
he 's always with one of the greens .
shed seen them dancing and playing songs for folk in the village greens and town squares .
the gazebo was now empty but the open greens were starting to attract kids of all ages in all types of school uniforms .
she set off across the street and through the green up to the door .
as such , they did not notice the couple walking nearby on the green until they stopped and eli smith said , what on earth were you two doing in there ?
the plainly clad stranger and tabor led their equally unremarkable horses out onto the green beside the gathering party .
the man laughed heartily and threw his arms around the innkeeper , who had once been the reluctant boy on the green .
most people stood at the windows talking in amazed tones , but the doors to the outside green nestled in center of the palace were open , and from them he heard a shout .
the outside air was brisk , but the buildings sheltered the green from wind .
the green was more of a lush garden , boasting great old trees and hedges hiding benches .
the mage with his midnight locks stood off to one side of the green , backing up through rosebushes with a pinched face .
in the centre of the town , from their vantage point , the travellers could see a large area of green with a building in it .
one night , as the girl went thus , dancing on the open green , she spotted a fairy who sat watching her .
just tell her to drift over to me on the green , right after market , said tsoringo .
they also keep a horned cow as proud as any queen ; but music turns her head like ale , and makes her wave her tufted tail and dance upon the green .
' it wants help , ' lenk muttered , watching the white blob vanish into the green .
they grew individually , dotted around the rolling green .
they were still there , deep holes in the rolling green , filled with thickets of thorn and brambles .
she 'd have to make do with the green until she could get another one .
it 's a separate community built around a beautiful green , dotted with flowering bushes .
then i swing out the window , drop to the ground , and head across the green to my house .
it 's night when we land on the green of the victor 's village .
the king with his guard and merry at his side passed down from the gate of the burg to where the riders were assembling on the green .
on the green there waited , still and silent , the hooded rangers .
he was scared , all right ; scared green .
tents covered the green .
in fact , it makes his situation worse ... ... rand watched a particular group of six soldiers inspect the horselines that ran along the right side of the green , between the last line of tents and the line of trees .
bashere 's eight thousand soldiers were erecting peaked tents and digging an earthen moat and wall around the green .
chapter 5 a tale of blood rand crossed the trampled manor green , banners flapping before him , tents surrounding him , horses whinnying in their pickets on the far west side .
rand passed through the green , filled with tents and horse pickets now .
aviendha picked up her rock and began to walk back across the green .
` ` that 's not unheard - of for a green . ''
cadsuane and the two wise ones reached her chamber in the manor , a sturdy undamaged room with a good view of the trampled green and camp out front .
she 'd crossed the grounds fifty times , lighting the lantern , blowing it out , then jogging back across the green and lighting her candle at the manor before walking carefully - shielding the flame - to light the lantern again .
` ` the greens have , ironically , been the most stubborn .
almost they made her change her mind - but that was mostly her frustration with the green at the moment .
rand caught sight of aviendha and raised his hand toward her , but she turned away quickly , moving toward the aiel campsite at the north side of the green .
the greens with her had stood only minutes before being defeated .
the inner green at the front of the tower was studded with chunks of stone and bodies twisted into horrific positions .
vestas had set the three soldiers by themselves at the side of the green , beneath the boughs of a large shade tree .
now she knew why greens married their warders so often .
disturbingly , the wolfhead banner still flew on the pole above the green .
the fortress dominated what had once been the green at the center of emond 's field .
rand finally reached the city square , which had once been the green in emond 's field .
release my daughter and her child , meet me on the green or these people will hang with you .
she had been tied to a stake planted in the centre of the village green and the while this was going on the ale - house had served freely , so those who took part would remember little after .
i sat down on the green , my useless sword in my hand , full of horror and stupidity .
you remember , the little bible and the rose eadie gave to edward that christmas , and poor little abbys shoe from the village green , still with the mud on it , they were there in the box , with a journal in edwards own hand .
even abigails shoe was as fresh as the day i saw it on the village green .
running alongside a wide green where children laughed and played unafraid each passing day , the winding path took her through a magical tunnel fashioned by rows of young common oak trees on each side , their long , fingered branches entwined like thousands of loving hands clinging to each other .
why , just last week he had the den of debauchery members make a pyramid of themselves down on the village green , took bets from all those who 'd gathered to watch , and jumped crusader over the lot of them .
the den members had gone to the cockfight after all ; then to pemberley 's , and finally , after three bottles of chilcot 's irish whiskey , to the speckled hen opposite the village green , which was where the trouble began .
cokeham took a long swig of the whiskey ; then he pointed the bottle toward the village green and leaned toward the girl beneath gareth 's arm .
~~~~ king henry viii on a rearing charger had been the focal point of the green and the pride of the village since gareth 's great - great - grandfather , the first duke , had had the statue erected some time back in the previous century .
and when he stopped again , it had grown dark , and the two of them stood before the statue in the village green .
the bull and george inn stood on one side of the town green , a diamond - shaped grassy lawn round which were ranged the principal shops and the blacksmiths forge .
susanna paused at the edge of the green and withdrew behind a sheltering clump of trees to peer anxiously across at the entrance to the inn .
the colonels voice , soft and urgent in the utter stillness of the night , was carried across the green to where she stood .
and the next moment , the air was rent by a piercing whistle and the green was suddenly alive with soldiers , the sounds of running feet and the shouts of men .
ahead was a large green , and on it horsemen raced back and forth , shouting and cursing in several languages , their horses jostling recklessly .
the eighteenth began low just beyond the dunes then rose up the hill , turning right and east around a copse of trees , up to an elevated green lying beneath the veranda .
meg and annie watched as it flew around the trees and toward the green .
have him meet me over on the putting green .
they rose from the green .
` ` i thought i lost a club out by this green and came out to try and find it .
she did not see michael find mary and embrace and kiss her and walk off the green with her his arm around mary 's shoulders .
meg immediately began to preside , ` ` so , conor , who was that lovely young lady that gave you that big hug on the green ?
he saw her look at where he 'd practiced , then gaze back at the hedge behind the green .
matthew , a fellow student of mine is a scholarship boy , his fathers a vicar in bethnal green .
of course all the ascendancy aristocrats wanted to be near him , so merrion square was laid out , and fitzwilliam square , and st . stephens green was developed , and college green .
climbing the hill to the village green , patrick had an urge to drive to willow 's , but he decided against it .
i pulled my greens and boots on and went outside .
i looked around at the line of soldiers waiting their turn , all in their loose - fitting greens .
the people soon moved on to more entertainment- the men to the tavern , the women to the green to feed their children and to gossip .
not content to merely brush over the rugs where they lay in the living room , the hint of weak , long - awaited sunshine encouraged becky to take the rugs out to the green in the back garden .
with that , the ladies boarded , and the lithe carriage swept them through the splendid morning and on towards the oval green in the center of town known as independence mall .
for certain , all upon the green that day had heard the call to gather for a most intriguing proclamation , and the excitement of it could be felt as families and friends crushed towards the towering oaks .
` ` why , they are not neighbors , they live in town off the green ! ''
` ` now , being the father of apparent baboons , '' mr . pomroy went on , pointedly looking at mr . merrill , ` ` i may not fully comprehend the report given me , nevertheless , it appears that my home , as well as all the buildings surrounding the green , are to be painted blue and buff by farley 's son , hugh . ''
it was an emotional moment , there upon the sunlit green , one which even the ever - critical mr . quimby found touching .
the general is here , and the guests assembled on the green .
for the guests who arrived in great numbers from neighboring counties , various and sundry chairs and benches had been brought in from homes and businesses all about the green .
she readily recalled that day upon the green , when mr . hewes escorted her to mr . larabee 's announcement regarding general lafayette 's greatly anticipated arrival .
suddenly , as they drove around the green of salem common , the rain cleared , the sun brightened , and the clouds flittered away across the bay .
he pushed her forward , onto the green near the residence hall , past the annex to the main library building .
were lucky to have greens .
at last the entire group of prisoners was gathered in the open , in a kind of village green surrounded by the viking homes on all sides .
chapter 20 joanna harker 's journal 1 october , evening . -- i found thomasina snelling in her house at bethnal green , but unhappily she was not in a condition to remember anything .
books were flung aside without being put away on the shelves , inkstands were overturned , benches thrown down , and the whole school was turned loose an hour before the usual time , bursting forth like a legion of young imps , yelping and racketing about the green in joy at their early emancipation .
then , in the woods across the green , something moved .
the first shot green got off skimmed jones ' shoulder , the second gould 's foot .
as jacob had grown up he would try to escape to the green in the country at every opportunity possible , his parents barely able to prevent him from running away to the fields and forests that were only an hour away on the train .
the sun was shining and there was a touch of spring in the air , the village green was aglow with daffodils , she was amazed that everything in the village looked pretty much the same as the last time she had seen it , ten years earlier .
he was n't so sure he was even wearing the greens at all now .
again he was in his cell and he had on the greens .
besides , he always pays the greens '' fees .
i 'd just started a twelve - city tour for my novel the dead zone the day before in new york with a kick - offparty thrown by the viking press at tavern on the green , a huge , rococo eating and drinking establishment on the edge of central park .
a little beyond the stump , buried in the white and wiry old grass underlying this june 's aggressive new green , was the rest of the post .
well , how about that thursday - night a.a . meeting over in greens park for a start .
i saw nico in town around five or six years after mine and nathaniels summer on the green had ended .
the hospital was white and sterile and it made the agents long for the grassy green of her backyard where they had been cast out to earlier .
= = = = = chapter 8 : addition through subtraction both a botanical garden and a public park , the greens was a beautiful stretch of landscape in the central district of upper southrump .
chapter fourteen yardage to the green for an unauthorized airport , khalid 's was tastefully decorated and sported a restful passenger lounge .
imagine how horrible it would ' ve been if she made it out into the parking lot , or onto the green !
came to rest at the gates leading to the green .
she was standing in the town green , with paper lanterns hanging in the trees all around her winking green and gold , and a make - shift hardwood dance floor had been carefully laid out in the parks center , and at its end on a dais sat nothing less than a small orchestra of about thirty or so .
white 's feet carried him from the scene of the fight , across the town green , to the dark streets on the farther side .
corsica colemans long - awaited reappearance happened in style this evening as she unexpectedly attended nicholas greens sofia exhibition at the joshua arnaud art gallery in london .
a group of local children were playing cricket on the village green .
inspired by vietnam , marla had installed the green in order to provide cover , and yet she could nt help feeling that those burning , haunted eyes were able to penetrate it and bore into her .
people spit it out and it gets in the greens or they stick it against the walls of the cave or the side of the pirate ship .
for the occasion they built a sport palace that at first sight seems like a huge flying saucer which has landed in the green .
as he approached the village green , which was bordered by bushes whose rose blooms were gone but in which the oval beds of hydrangea , gladiola and buddleia were blooming in the deep colors of late summer , suddenly he heard m. le tourneaus throaty rasp inside his head .
turning onto the slate walk that cut through the center of the green and formed a circle around back - to - back granite monuments , pre patou paused to read the legends on these memorials of the two great wars of the twentieth century .
standing directly across the green from the hotelle tourneau , the one - story htel de ville housed the village school and the offices of the mayor and the council .
in front of the world war i memorial on the village green , they had been summarily executed by a firing squad .
diamond , get over here , casey said once more , swinging the gate wider , and she dropped her head and blew out a soft , almost guttural snort , her nostrils flaring at the warm stones in the pavement where she was standing , and then she slowly strode , demurely and elegantly , into the green beyond the fenceline .
he was attending a meeting of the greens at the unitarian church tonight to discuss chris andrews , who was going to be in attendance .
no sooner was that vow made than she would remember his shy need for her when meeting strangers such as when they attended the meeting of the greens last summer , and she would be off again dreaming of a love that lasted forever .
patti caught the reference to the conversation they had with myron seavey at the meeting of the greens in waska last year .
blake , auguries of innocence # # * * * * * table of contents part i : charlie her last day at home she becomes a christian the buried life part ii : jeremy lost and found he goes his own way the answer to his question part iii : convergence the duty of christian women the best christmas ever planting a seed finding home the kitten the opened door part iv : finale love is best a note about the writer part i charlie i went to the garden of love , and saw what i never had seen ; a chapel was built in the midst , where i used to play on the green .
seeing the fifty - seven year old first time father chasing his toddler son across the dusty green of leeslip park did gene a world of good .
hobsons artwork seemed to suggest that there was more to the world somehow more carefree happiness , more love , more whimsy , more joy , more kindness , more creativity , more that was simply amazing and fascinating hobson greens art was like a tangible , moving validation of universal purpose .
she turned away from the camera to face a short , thin man in hospital greens whose blond , receding hair needed trimming .
i miss the green .
the two halves of the gate opened away from the green , presently forming a straight angle with the rest of the fence that enclosed the park .
opening night was the first of more than 800 shows for farewell dolly , and evelyn greens career on broadway roared to life through her portrayal of a sheep .
reading greens and playing chess have always had the same effects on me , mental meltdown .
even from a distance , back on the island green , they heard the low thwack .
everywhere i turned after lumbering up the hill to the quad , students rushed along the crisscrossing sidewalks to reach the seven brick halls that outlined the main green of the campus .
shattered families kevin turned the cold tap on in the bathroom of the greens home and splashed water across his face .
next time around , i said , anticipating the start as the flagman brandished the furled green .
the flagman held up the tightly rolled green .
with that he bade me farewell , andwalked away from the village green , his cloak raising a cloud ofdust behind him , responding with a gracious wave of his trunk tothe obsequies of the villagers who stood aside for him .
a crossroads pointed the way to innumerable destinations : honeysuckle wood , cowslip meadow , dandelion green , and , less rustically the suburbs .
all the hedges , lawns and bowling greens : its so flipping boring !
seymour and arlene made a party for her at tavern on the green in central park .
specks of the tips of grand houses poked out of the green .
when you went on tv looking for me , standing on the green outside the library ; it reminded me of home .
at he watched from his office eyrie overlooking the civic gardens , he saw sarah emerge from her expected corner of the square to walk diagonally across the green toward the police station ; as from the opposite side another figure approached in a direction that made it seem likely he would enter the station reception area just ahead of her .
no , he caught my eye crossing the green before i even knew who he was are you telling me that if he d been past the cedars more than once or twice in the days before this chaos erupted that he would nt have been clocked by derek waldron or one of the others ?
i do nt think i can get a 3 - wood high enough to hold the green .
he was too busy complaining to his friends in the gallery about the wind and bragging that last week he had driven the green .
a waste area directly behind the green leaves only a small target for someone trying to reach the green in two .
its all carry over a pond to an undulating green .
as they walked to the green , dave thought back to the first time he met ken .
the greens were tip dwarf grass and difficult to read .
it was nt the slope of the green ; it was the grain .
as he walked to the green , dave thought back to his first trip to zurich with ken and chris .
he doubted he had reached the corner of the dogleg where he could see the green .
a quick phone call to the seattle press core got her greens website and every article he d ever written .
it drew my gaze immediately the form which lay below my window on the green .
this room had a balcony over the green that on any other occasion someone might think splendid .
that sounds great , principal green .
he passed by the safe house twice and then parked near the village green .
the somber bells of the church across the green began tolling ; muriel gave a nervous tug to joans sleeve .
she meandered across the green , smiling at the field of primrose .
hey , william , ill be in greens mill soon .
on a back green , a sprinkler head flared into life , incongruous against the decoration of melting snow on the edges of the grass .
johnny burst out laughing , reveling at greens predicament .
bailey pulled greens chair several feet back from where it was in front of johnny and sat down .
greens coffee stop had worked out for the best after all .
it looked as though bailey and green were actually following directions .
` ` odd place for a robbery , here on an open green in the middle of the day . ''
interspersed among them , equally haphazardly , were craft halls , stalls , churches , merchants , and small greens .
an artificial putting green covered the far corner .
we passed tavern on the green , the lights on the trees dim .
there had been a meeting of the victims ' families , the wealthy greens , the wealthier billinghams , the poor copelands , the poorer perezes , in a big fancy law office not far from where we now were .
would i end up in some massachusetts equivalent of this little redneck town , singing my heart out at summer festivals on the green , trotted out at alumni events or church auctions at the local unitarian universalist congregation ?
` ` i went to the garden of love , and saw what i never had seen : a chapel was built in the midst , where i used to play on the green .
it had his birth date and date of death , and instead of a family platitude , it read ` ` the garden of love '' poem again : i went to the garden of love , and saw what i never had seen : a chapel was built in the midst , where i used to play on the green .
cars whipped around us at the green , horns screaming again .
he 'd been working for dominic green in collecting women to sell .
dane sat with the two agents going through everything he knew about dominic green and the organisation he used to work for .
dane had killed some people in the short time that he had served dominic green .
` ` or a known prostitute linked to dominic green .
we need her here to lure dominic green out if that is what it comes to . ''
they were on the green , and students were milling around , studying on the grass or just making small talk .
washington was a beautiful place , the rain and the green were all contributors to its splendor .
to the right , greyville racecourse wound itself around an open green .
he is supposed to be working for this company for college credit , but he spends most of his time on the green either with his dads friends or his frat buddies .
after they enjoyed their meal and several glasses of wine , and split a dish of chocolate mousse , they decided to walk around the green before going over to the theater .
* * * they stopped to look at a church that sat along the edge of the green .
they had decided to try to work their way through every new haven restaurant they could , and one day jack even surprised her by having mrs . poole pack a picnic lunch that they ate out on the green .
sean stopped at the edge of the green , his hands stuffed in his jeans pockets .
there are a couple of places in golden gate park and the panhandle green that are secluded and where i have nt had any problems , but i never stay in the same place for long , because then i m predictable , and i do nt want to be .
` ` i think the green would do quite nicely . ''
he was impeccably dressed from top to bottom in an off - white v - necked cable pullover , white linen pants and white leather lace - up shoes and looked as if he d just come from a very civilised game of cricket on some english village green .
he watched the train disappear towards bethnal green and put his hands deep into the pockets of his coat .
their questioning quite forgotten due to the song , they continued like this until they rolled into gretna green , the camaraderie between them restored to what it had been the night of the kingsborough ball .
long lines of mortarless stone wal s , meant for keeping in sheep , crisscrossed the green ; here and there was dotted the occasional lonely cottage .
he 'd been at tavern on the green with a woman he could n't now remember .
like so many of the visiting revelers , she and miles had set up camp on a high slope of the green outside the city walls .
the green was crowded with newly pitched tents , many of which doubled as bartering centers .
eleanor was out of earshot , spinning as she stamped out dance steps all the way across the oak - ringed green .
she looked out across the green and worried that even if daniel was somewhere out there , she might never find him .
cats stared from dirt roads around the green .
the younger vicar 's eyes swept across the green , found luce 's at the edge of the lawn , and brightened .
daniel led her past the edge of the green , past the ring of oak trees that encircled the revelers .
luce closed her eyes and wished that every couple on the green - that every couple in the world - could share a kiss as sweet as this one .
they ' ve tried to call it everything from skunk hill to tavern in the green .
catching sight of my face now , he stopped suddenly , watching me in silence as we jostled our way through the greens of the countryside .
it was less than four years from now , he thought , and militiamen would stand on the green at lexington .
the main green bustled with students who made their way to the van winkle gates to see the graduating class make their last march through .
after dining at tavern on the green , they 'd taken a carriage ride through central park .
he passed through downtown and crossed the bridge that spanned the confluence of greens creek and smith creek .
and the village greens and tall - steepled churches and old - fashioned schoolhouses made cassie feel as if she 'd stepped into a different time .