they rode through their usual paths , down by the creek , up through the pastures and along the river .
thinking that the safest place to avoid rais would be hanging around the other stable help , she unsaddled dolce , rubbed her down and then sent her out to the pasture to have fun .
` ` hi jim , '' she said to one of the other stable hands as she patted the horse he 'd been working with into the pasture to follow dolce .
they stayed in the pasture as much as possible so they could get exercise and freedom , but they came into the stables overnight .
i only have a few horses since i do n't get to ride as often as i 'd like , and they 're out in the pasture most of the time . ''
` ` he wants to run around in the pasture , does n't he ? ''
` ` i need to cover a lot of ground today - jamie and i are checking the fence on the south pasture , so it 's not a great time for you to tag along .
` ` he 's in the south pasture .
she 'd crammed half a loaf of french bread and an apple into ethan 's hands as he ran out the door to meet jamie in the south pasture .
` ` are you negotiating your pre - nup with ethan 's accountant , or moving on to greener pastures ? ''
he moved all the cattle out of the northwest pasture onto his own land and left the fence all torn apart to make it look like someone stole them .
that pasture does n't border rob 's property , '' he explained to autumn , ` ` so it did n't occur to me at first it was him .
to be back on a horse ... jamie headed northwest , past outbuildings , pastures and onto open range , winding through the rolling land for nearly half an hour before he came to a stop .
he wanted to cross chance creek road and venture out into the rangeland northwest of the big house , where a trail ran past the pastures to rougher territory .
after an hour long ride on trails close to the big house to test out the guests ' coordination and make sure their temperaments matched those of their mounts , he 'd planned to use them to help move the main herd of cruz cattle to fresh pasture .
back at the stable , he and a very quiet claire helped their guests saddle up for a ride over to the eastern pastures for the age - old chore of checking and repairing fences .
the ride out to the pastures was calm enough .
no wonder he managed to show up in the east pasture out of the blue .
` ` why the hell are those cattle still in the far pasture ? ''
she walked quickly toward the pasture nearest to the house , anticipation building within her .
rounding a barn , the split rail fence of the pasture came into view , along with the unmistakably large , dark shape of gladys grazing on grass not far off .
speaking of jake ... hannah scanned the area as she made her way to the pasture fence , but jake was nowhere to be seen .
holt turned her way , and hannah turned back to the pasture quickly for a final look at gladys before heading on to work .
your bison gets a pasture , food , and shelter for the rest of her life .
` ` then i guess i 'll get my pasture back sooner than i thought .
her anger propelled her all the way to gladys 's pasture where she guiltily realized she 'd forgotten all about the beast .
holt surveyed the pasture in front of them .
if i try to stop him he 'll jump the fence and find a new pasture . ''
chapter 1 ned matheson shoved his hands in the pockets of his thick , tan shearling work coat and hunched his shoulders against a strong wind sweeping east across the snow - covered pastures of the double - bar - k .
he was n't paying attention to the cattle grouped over by the brush to the south in the home pasture , out of the wind , nor was it on the task ahead of him - hauling hay to a sheltered feed spot and making sure all the cattle were in good shape .
she loved this now - familiar space with its hardwood floors and trim , and the wide windows that looked out over the pastures to the south .
if he took this step it was good - bye ranch , good - bye family , good - bye cattle and pastures and horses and dawns breaking over a landscape so big it seemed god could hardly hold it in his hands .
lately he 'd taken over more and more of the business side of the family 's cattle operation , in addition to supervising the health of the herd , running the breeding program , making repairs on their outbuildings and managing the rotation of the herd through their pastures .
its window overlooked pastures that sloped off down to chance creek , but at the moment even the gorgeous view could n't lift mia 's spirits .
the icy wind that had whipped through chance creek all day had pushed the snow in the pastures into drifts , and his mother had called because it packed so hard in one place that a dozen head of cattle had wandered right up and over a fence .
he 'd spent all afternoon searching for them , luring them back into their pasture and fixing the fence .
i saw you out until all hours tilling those pastures yesterday . ''
outside he kept walking , his long strides eating up the ground until he 'd passed the main house and all the outbuildings and was heading toward the far pastures .
` ` inviting sid matthews into your home is like inviting a hungry lion to sleep in the pasture of lambs .
he loved the richness of the island , the verdant pastures and the vibrant green of the tropical foliage .
` ` i do n't like the horses running around in the pasture with their halters on , so just make sure you take them off . ''
` ` just thoughts of you out running in the pasture , stepping in horse and cow manure .
the vet brought out ropes to help capture them , but when rosie walked to the end of the pasture and whistled , the girls came to her .
rosie spotted the horses out in the pasture . ''
she replied , thinking about the house full of pets that ran across the pastures chasing the horses and cows matt kept near the barn .
she loved watching them run and frolic when they were in the palace pastures or racing in the horse races cordova sponsored each year , but she did n't want to actually ride one herself .
she knew it was only a matter of time before he needed a new challenge and would leave her for greener pastures , so to speak .
` ` good god , this place is bucolic , '' sasha said as they passed yet another pasture of cows grazing .
the limo practically flew past pastures , then streets , houses , and shops .
to the left of the house was a massive stable , with several horses fenced in and lounging in the pastures .
she hated the thought of seeing trey with another woman , possibly one in this room , once their fling ended and he moved on to fertile pastures .
a wonderful pasture bordered the cottage , where i could make out white dots of sheep and hear the occasional baa .
there were footpaths leading towards the pasture that begged to be explored .
i drew little , circular avatars of the kissing gate , the cottage with a little river wrapped around it , the mill , the green pastures and moody skies .
best to move on to greener pastures .
cows grazed in a pasture beyond the runway .
he leaned on the top railing for a while , taking in the view of horses grazing in lush pastures , what was undoubtedly state - of - the - art stables , and a rider - a girl with a mass of red - gold curls streaming out from the tight constriction of her riding hat - putting her horse through a series of pony club jumps .
as the lush green pastures and the pristine white fences came into view , jack felt a far more personal connection to the place .
` ` home ... '' he repeated musingly , a whimsical little smile on his lips as his gaze swept slowly around the lush green pastures on either side of them .
sitting down opposite the other man , adam cupped the heavy mug between his palms and said , ` ` i want to talk to you about that twenty - acre parcel in your north pasture , sal . ''
adam glanced in the direction indicated and saw gina and her mother out in the pasture .
five ` ` r un the calves and their mamas to the seaward pasture , '' justice told phil , his ranch manager , three days later .
` ` we ' ve got most of the herd settled into their pastures now , '' he said .
they 'd replanted one of the pastures with a hardier stock of field grass , and if it held up to its hype , then the herd would have something to look forward to in a few months .
the cowboys he had working for him spent most of their time switching the cattle around to different pastures , keeping the grass fresh and the animals on the move .
he shifted his gaze from hers , looked toward the barn and the pastures beyond and said softly , ` ` stay . ''
` ` swelling 's down , so he and his mama can go back out to pasture tomorrow . ''
get the man talking about the ranch and the prairie grass pastures and he 'd get so involved , he would n't notice anything else .
` ` on the high pasture , '' he told her , easing around the corner of the log house to walk toward a rose garden that had originally been planted by his mother .
` ` okay , so the pastures are n't exactly thrilling conversational tidbits .
` ` i ' m going to the high pasture to lay out a bit more feed . ''
why not let me ride with you up to the high pasture ?
so she was prepared to have him riding as a passenger in her battered old lorry as she drove up to the high pasture .
to one side of the fence , pasture stretched all the way to the base of wooded hills , dotted with hedges and stone fences that were used to train claymore 's horses for the hunt .
` ` ask those ranch hands down by the pen to move the steers into the south pasture . ''
while victoria was waiting for the baby to be born , she had wandered out to the small pasture where the horses were kept .
' the ranch sits on the edge of the pampas , with fertile pastures and valleys dramatically backed by the rise of the mountains and the most awe - inspiring sub - tropical forest acting like a barrier to hold back the ocean beyond ... ' she went silent for a moment , eyes lost to some distant memory .
she 'd never seen such variations to the desert , the terrain flowing from undulating dunes to hilly pastures to mountainous heights to combinations of everything .
today was the first day she 'd turned on the radio - she should be safe from hearing about matt deleo now that he 'd abandoned passion creek and moved to greener pastures .
halfway to the bay , the garden ended at a beautiful wrought iron gate that separated it from an open pasture where half a dozen horses were grazing .
in truth , her mother probably had n't been able to cope with being a mother , either , as she 'd taken off for greener pastures .
` ` move on to different pastures , '' continued isla .
we looked up the spot where we were supposed to meet with her , a place called uamh an ard - achaidh , otherwise known as the high pasture cave in torrin on the isle of skye , just off the coast of scotland .
i was scheduled to leave in just a few days for uamh an ard - achaidh - the high pasture cave in torrin on the isle of skye , near scotland .
we walk past the chicken coop , past the barn to the pasture beyond , where i ' ve laid out a thick quilt to lie on and a quilt to cuddle up in .
we drive through an empty pasture , where seth makes several circles , laughing loudly .
i join seth , lying on my back , looking around at the trees around the pasture .
` ` so this is turning to naptime in the pasture ? ''
i call over my shoulder and then set off across the pasture .
dad watches with pride in his eyes , takes a quick glance around , and then says , ` ` i 'd like to steal louie away for a few hours and mend some fence in the west pasture .
the photo is of the mountains during winter , with a lake cradled between them , and lighting up the sky are the northern lights , spreading across the sky in streaks of green and blue , just like the ones we saw a few weeks ago out in the pasture .
` ` looks like our best man and maid of honor have ditched this party for greener pastures . ''
eden was only twenty - four years old and yet she talked like she was some middle - aged nag about to be put out to pasture .
she loved to make herself the wide - open pasture in which he ran free and wild .
they 'd all been put to pasture for the night in the wake of finally coming together with her .
` ` i ' m going to try and get him back to tamer pastures , '' i murmured , somehow grinning at the thought of me trying to bring him to tamer pastures .
` ` i ' m going to try and get him back to tamer pastures , '' i murmured , somehow grinning at the thought of me trying to bring him to tamer pastures .
` ` well , i think she deserves to be put out to pasture .
anyway , somehow i ended up in the bull pasture and those mean motherfuckers chased me .
the angular metal tables looked like they 'd been dug from some soviet cold war bunker , and the floor sloped away dangerously to one side , as though some of the foundations had simply given up and headed for greener pastures .
most other supporters of the contestants had already left for cooler pastures .
` ` i saw him headin ' out to the west pasture with a load of hay in the back of his truck about an hour ago . ''
` ` i moved the horses into the south pasture .
before either of them said another word , carter mounted his horse deacon and galloped across the pasture , away from what probably would ' ve been an argument as heated as the day .
carter tried not to fume as his horse cruised across the pasture .
then i got ta listen to those mommas bawling in the pasture and calling for their baby .
since the horses were essentially wild , they decided to wait out the storm and leave them in the pasture and come back in the morning .
a bull roared in the north pasture .
three hours later cash 's cell phone rang while he filled water tanks in the south pasture .
aj winced at the image of her arthritic mother laying in the pasture with a broken hip .
we ' ve talked about plantin ' buffalo grass in the north pasture to see if it 'll take . ''
by the time he 'd run the john deere out of gas and bumped his way across the various pastures to the house , cord admitted he and colt needed a break from each other .
` ` and in the barn , and in the pasture , and on a horse if he 's anything like carter . ''
cord followed aj into the pasture .
a backdrop of long , gold and brown grasses , stubby groundcover the color of cinnamon , sagebrush , and the occasional yellow daisy popped up , all blended seamlessly past the barbed wire fence and across the pasture .
after they 'd passed through the first gate and pasture , she said , ` ` tell me more about your ranch in brazil .
when rey realized it was n't gon na be a free ride , he bailed to richer pastures .
they rode in the truck after fixing the heat pump that 'd frozen overnight in the stock tank in the north pasture and trevor was brooding .
` ` so many of my friends are gone to greener pastures .
woulda been better if we 'd waited and done it in my bed rather than on a pickup bench seat in the middle of a damn pasture .
` ` if i let you out in the pasture , you ca n't be sneakin ' up on colby 's cattle . ''
putting such girly thoughts out of his mind , he gunned it through the pasture , following the rutted tracks .
brandt tracked down a rental place outside of moorcroft with a small pasture so she 's kept her animals . ''
keely brushed rosa down and treated her to some oats before turning her out into the pasture .
around the tractor , to the gate leading to the pasture , to the stock tank .
but one afternoon when the cattle came in from the pasture to drink from the stock tank , a couple of calves raced off .
first of all , it 's been a rough month anyway , with dad bein ' a first class jackass about how bad we - i - fucked up by lettin ' the north pasture stay fallow this year .
jessie was in the pasture with the llamas .
the six horses trotted in from the pasture , tossing their manes , as if eating the hay jessie had spread out was of no consequence .
chapter four he wandered behind the barn and gazed across the pasture .
gazed across the pasture .
the pastures still had enough grass they had n't needed to supplement feed .
the parking area was packed and marin ended up parking in the pasture across the road .
of course , the original land is a tiny cow pasture compared to what they own now . ''
carson , cal and charlie loaded up the kids for a redneck sleigh ride across snow covered pastures .
chapter thirty - eight ben and quinn had enlisted gavin 's help moving cow / calf pairs from one pasture to another .
they cut through the first pasture and followed the fence line up a steep incline .
no one blinked when chase took off for different pastures .
think the bulls will go looking across other pastures for more cows to breed ? ''
he stared across the pasture , wondering what happened now .
luckily the herd was in a pasture between brandt 's and tell 's places , so they did n't have to venture far into the blowing snow and frigid conditions to roll out bales of hay .
he kept his gaze on the horse and rider burning up the pasture .
cal asked as they sped across the pasture to check the bulls .
carson threw open the door and stomped across the pasture to get the gate himself .
which meant they needed to move the bulls out of that pasture now .
they turned off the highway into a pasture .
carolyn asked a million questions as they bumped through the pastures , insightful questions so he knew she was n't just being polite .
the pasture next to the dancehall was filled with cars .
` ` i do n't know why i bothered to wear heels to walk through a cow pasture . ''
` ` i love that you can see the rolling hills and the pasture as you 're standing at the sink . ''
he 'd open the gate to the next pasture and warn the few souls who used that road there 'd be a delay .
out of habit he checked out the pasture on his left , even when he knew the cattle had been moved to different grazing areas weeks ago .
that 's when he noticed the side door that led to the back pasture was cracked open .
he led the cattle through four pastures and carson and colby followed behind wrangling the strays .
the area offset from the barn was just a dirt pasture - not a setup per rodeo specs , but it 'd work for colby 's skill level .
luckily i caught wind of it before beau took off with the bb gun to kill snakes out in the bull 's pasture .
` ` the crowd of people i saw who were willing to lay down their lives for you says you 're full of more manure than a cow pasture , buddy . ''
` ` you 're so full of shit , menyara , you ought to be a cow pasture . ''
the birrn dropped his head down and growled , pawing the ground with the focus of a bull after a trespasser in his pasture .
thick trees on either side of the road started to thin out , and through them , green pastures became visible .
with all this land , i figured there were places that offered more privacy , but he steered me to the nearby split - rail fence surrounding the pasture opposite the field where the horses grazed .
` ` and having more horses in the pasture .
it 's too hot in the pasture .
dogs and cats , mostly , but perrot found a gutted yearling at the edge of his pasture .
at the caves by the north pasture .
` ` we found his truck this morning over at perrot 's pasture , his thermos of coffee still warm .
the broken shell of the video screen gaped blackly where once there was sun and a view of the pastures .
the stalls were large , the hay sweet smelling , and the layout set to funnel the wind from the pasture right through it all to create the sensation of an open pavilion .
` ` they will have to land in the pasture and walk in .
` ` i ' ve got an old driving range in one of the pastures .
then scatter his ashes in a pasture where lots of animals roamed .
we 'd be making dinner and she 'd stare wistfully out the window at the back pasture and say , ` ` if i got pregnant again , i would n't have the baby .
niccolo finally stopped under an old oak tree in a heavily wooded area backing up to a green pasture .
i felt my consciousness skim the green pasture of the fields that surrounded the school and rush like a torrent down the rolling hills toward the river that separated me from home .
most of the inside was open up to the two - story pitched roof , with only a bedroom loft to break the space , and the back of the house was all glass , looking out to rolling hills and pasture .
` ` before we graduate to far greener , more hormonally - charged pastures . ''
the hills knot up on the horizon , and we crest the top and take a seat in the shaggy pasture .
i hate the thought of morgan taking off for greener scholastic pastures sooner than later .
head for greener pastures , where you 're wanted , and stop trying to crucify people who ' ve found happiness elsewhere . ''
it 's like a funeral procession , only the dearly departed is taking off voluntarily to move on to greener scholastic pastures .
` ` dreaming of greener pastures already are we ? ''
i let the thought dart out of my head like a bird off to greener pastures .
` ` as you all know , ellis harrison has taken off for greener pastures . ''
sure , the occasional squabble was exciting to bear witness to , and sure the idea of mom divorcing tad and moving to greener financial pastures seemed lucrative at the time , but now with demetri in the picture , all of this verbal scrimmaging seems like nothing but a bad omen .
it took off for greener kitty pastures . ''
i ' m not sure what has laney so motivated to boot me over to testosterone - laden pastures other than the fact she may not like having her sister turn into an old maid right before her eyes .
holt led me out of the wasteland - and here we are , rolling around in greener pastures .
we ' ve had three bartenders graduate and leave hollow brook for greener financial pastures . ''
hopefully she 'll pole vault her way to friendlier pastures with that thing .
` ` i ' m checking fence on the far - west pasture , about fifteen minutes from the house . ''
josh tosses a smile at me , admiring me as he leads magic through the pasture .
he tosses another rock into the pasture as he rolls his eyes .
seth nods and runs out to help in the pasture .
louie called , frantic , having found several calves killed in the pasture by what they think are wolves .
seth asks , and points out the window to the men and one woman standing in the back pasture .
he kisses my cheek and urges magic along , out of the barn and across the pasture .
zack shrugs and looks over the pasture to the mountains and takes a deep breath .
seth laughs , grabs the bucket , and we take off through the pasture to the creek .
he urges impatiently , and i fall back into step beside him as we walk past the edge of the pasture and into the brush .
louie waves us off as magic walks out of the barn and through the pasture , heading toward the special sunrise spot with the large maple tree .
i shrug and look out over the back pasture to the tall mountains behind the lazy k. ` ` you wrote these , '' cara repeats , her voice more excited now .
i dropped it onto the ground and followed suit , hanging my head in my hands as i listened to the music of the cows in the nearby pasture .
as the pasture filled up with athens 's residents , come to see the yearly fireworks display , i watched bray do cartwheels in the grass with her friend .
shortly after the fireworks ended and the darkness settled across the pasture again , most of the town had already packed up and gone home .
i took the ice chest from my mom to relieve her of some of the load she was carrying , and i followed her through the pasture toward our truck parked along the dirt road .
admittedly , i thought of the fly swatter all the way back to the pond in the pasture .
i noticed this about her the moment we reached the outskirts of the pasture and she broke away from me and ran out toward it .
next thing i knew , bray jumped up from the dock and ran back out into the pasture .
` ` i ' ve wanted to be with you since we were kids in that pasture , bray .
and for a moment i saw sitting in front of me that little girl i had met in the pasture that night .
i ran with thirteen - year - old elias through the pasture near mr . parson 's pond - two gullible , free , young barely - teenagers with little worry in the world except getting caught and grounded , or forced to eat ramen noodles for dinner .
although i loved the night sky in any season and in any place , it never felt quite the same as when i saw it at home , above mr . parson 's pasture .
i saw that little girl i met so long ago , running with me through that pasture without a worry in the world .
we loved fishing and wading in the creeks catching crawdads and chasing the fireflies in the pasture .
bray runs ahead of me through the pasture , her dark hair whipping up behind her in the wind .
by car it would take two minutes longer to reach the pasture than running straight through the woods .
i can feel the solitude of the pasture out ahead .
i hear voices shouting somewhere behind me in the pasture , but they 're muffled behind this glass wall my mind has put up around us .
i look out into the pasture with my cheek pressed against the wet ground .
` ` an ' there was one night , '' he goes on , ` ` i was walkin ' in the pasture lookin ' for m'dog and stumbled on you two sleepin ' in the grass .
but i said she better leave it alone or i 'd make her get out there on that damn bush hog and clear the pasture herself . ''
with the closing of the paper mill , the small town that had been called to worship had abandoned hope and faith and at last migrated to richer pastures .
whoever had once called this remote farm home had long ago left for greener pastures .
jumping over a fence that marked the edge of a cow pasture , she at last caught sight of ariyal as he crossed through the overgrown yard of a farmhouse .
* after simon and i put the horses back out to pasture , i head back to my cabin to lie down for a bit before the afternoon activities .
jill is walking into the main pasture where they keep most of the horses , and several of the horses are ambling over toward her .
i ' ve seen a lot of girls in my time , but watching her out there in the pasture , i think she looks like no girl i have ever seen before .
chapter 17 : griffin there 's a large wall calendar hanging on the tack room door in the barn , and after i come back from putting the last two horses out to pasture , i stop and study the dates .
i ' m letting the horses out to pasture when karen comes in and says good morning .
the buildings were surrounded by lakes and green pastures .
for three years , solitude had been his companion and he 'd convinced himself that all he 'd ever need again were the blue sky , a thousand acres of pasture , and the crashing waves of the ocean .
he was right - endless pastures and cows and pigs were n't any part of her world .
she honestly could n't think of anywhere she 'd rather be than out in this beautiful green pasture with grayson .
` ` it 's even better from the middle of the pasture . ''
could she figure out a way to combine the life she 'd had before grayson with the new one she 'd found with him in the rolling pastures of pescadero ?
after all the police stuff was taken care of , i buried her myself , dug the hole in the pasture by the ridge .
i watched a pair of horses chase each other across a pasture .
her eyes were the color of the sweeping pastures of the emerald isle , and just as stunning , keeping daric prisoner , completely mesmerized .
but late - breaking around here is a cow getting out of its pasture at closing time . ''
staring out the window , which looked over acres of pasture , conner stopped fighting the past and let the memory of his last meeting with clive play in his mind .
so they moved on , searching for greener pastures .
* * * on christmas eve , ethan picked me up to take me to the church that sat between a wheat field and a pasture .
derek made a motion in the air and , in the pasture beside the church , the helicopter turned on its blades .
surely you can do your hunting in more verdant pastures . ''
after a quick stop for more red bull , we left behind the horse pastures and green farmlands , with tidy rows of corn seedlings whizzing by in a blur , and climbed to higher elevation .
do you think that half the women here would n't have left me for greener pastures and half the men would n't refuse to take my calls ?
i held her there in that pasture for a long time .
i look like one of the cattle in the pastures .
i found my dad in the back pasture with a thermos of coffee in his hand .
noah bells found me near the old willow tree at the far end of the pasture .
` ` i need to go finish up with something out in the pasture .
since we obviously could n't fit a live pony in our closet , conner was helping ty hide scotch out in one of the far pastures until christmas morning .
bella was becoming more anxious by the second and i could hardly wait to show her the pony we had hiding on the other side of the pasture for her .
that boy hung on to that horse all the way until it bucked him off on the other side of the pasture .
our wedding planner was all smiles as i made my way across the yard to the horse pastures on the golf cart .
i made colt breakfast that morning and we drank coffee on the porch while swinging and looking out at the pasture .
once miranda and savanna had given each other big hugs , ty and i took the truck to drop thunder off to the pasture .
atticus stayed in the corner of the pasture while the two lovebirds got reacquainted .
cattle were in every pasture .
there was a large lake on one side and a pasture on the other .
it looked out at the pasture and lake .
she helped me get my footing to sit and we looked out at the green pasture .
finally sleep came , and all i could hope for was to dream about being in that green pasture with peyton , because that was the happiest i 'd been in forever .
we 'd ride out into the pasture and watch the sun sink below the last visible strip of land , until only the stars and the deep midnight of the night sky blanketed us .
the pastures where cattle had once grazed had reverted to nature .
the race was a tortuous five miles of rolling , uneven pasture with obstacles : two streams that were two and a half miles apart and a narrow rocky ridge up a ten - percent grade a quarter mile before the finish .
the horses galloped across a pasture , manes and tails flying , muscles gleaming .
jasmine ran as though she could do this all day , then perhaps have a romp in the pasture afterward before going home to enjoy a good grooming .
a few moments later the dense brush ended abruptly , and she found herself at the beginning of a pasture .
spring meant lambs staggering after mothers across the field , and foals keeping close to the mares that wandered the pastures .
when i was a girl , i watched the sassenachs drive away the scottish farmers and burn out tenants so they could turn scotland into one big sheep pasture .
as we dismounted before the hitching rail , i saw a familiar black shire stallion in the pasture , segregated by himself .
his house is here , his mother still lives here , and his stallion is out in the pasture . ''
further still , pale horses ran in a pasture .
she 's still in the pastures at kilmorgan , in her twenties i believe .
as we dismounted before the horse rail , i saw a familiar black shire stallion in the pasture , segregated by himself .
farms filled the valley around the village , as did pastures full of sheep .
to the right , another copse of pines bordered a large open field converted into pasture .
emma leaned forward and blinked out at the town , but peter was more interested in the shadowy areas that bordered it , the wheat fields and orchards and pastures that had once been the stage for so many important battles .
i felt like elizabeth bennet in pride and prejudice ( tenth grade english ) hiking through pastures to a house party , her petticoat six inches deep in mud .
i knew from trips to the beach with my parents that from there , cotton fields , soybean fields , peanut fields , and cow pastures stretched all the way to the ocean .
rebecca had found solace in sun - filled romps through the pastures playing at army and other inappropriately tomboyish pursuits with david , the son of the stable mastera friendship that would have been harshly discouraged if anybody had been paying attention .
in kentucky at this time , an hour of daylight would have remained , gently retreating across the grassy hills , into the trees at the edge of the western pasture .
i had nt seen him sit that way since middle school , happening upon him reading under a tree in my grandmothers pasture .
i directed her out of the stableshe was in great spirits today , kicking up her heels and shaking her head as if bragging to the other horses that she was going for a run and they were not , ha ha , so thereand i trotted her across the paddock to the back pasture .
we had reached a far pasture , many rolling hills away from the house and the barn .
she just put the filly out to pasture .
ill cross back through the pasture if it makes you feel better .
after all his tough talk when he arrested me about how he wanted me to see something , this is what i had seen : i had seen a city cop herding cows out of the mayor 's strawberry fields and back into the pasture next door .
i sighed , turning my back on the line of cars illuminating the pasture that was , thankfully , devoid of cows at the moment .
the small barn was big enough for a couple of horses , and its paddock bordered the pasture for the court 's stables .
` ` i can see the stables ' pastures from where i ' m standing .
after all , dogs who were smart enough to bring carrots out to the pasture to make friends with the horses were also smart enough to know when to fetch a human .
he saw the cultivated fields , the pastures dotted with animals , the villages and towns .
to his right was doun 's fenced - in common pastures , where all the villagers ' cattle and horses grazed .
it was originally a small cattle ranch , and though animals had n't been raised here in years , the old pastures and fence posts remained .
and as i went up my driveway and parked around back , i looked out at the old pastures , the trees , the open space almost as far as i could see ... and i suddenly had a very good idea of where our gang monterey could set up shop .
lou 's contractors started leveling the ground in the pasture beyond the garage , which would be the main area where the dogs would be concentrated .
an exercise area was quickly constructed with an obstacle course and a kiddie pool for playtime , and the contractors fenced in an extensive pasture for the dogs to run free .
i turned to look : still weathered red , with a pasture surrounded by a weathered wooden fence .
i gazed out over the pasture on the other side of the barn , thinking back to how much land used to belong to this plot .
sold off in parcels over the years , it was still a nice spread , and the pasture still stretched over the hill .
and with this house and pasture ?
every other day he rode one of them instead of just turning them out in the adjacent pasture , and i 'd stop box sorting or pile sweeping to stand in the window watching him .
paula was out in the pasture with paul , the chickens were fed .
nina , a veterinary student who had taken over caring for the animals , was exercising paul and paula in the pasture .
paige led us down a wel - trodden path across a smal pasture and through the gap in a split - log fence .
todd pointed across the pasture .
as the cows scattered to the other side of the pasture , they revealed long wooden bows and began showering malory with a spray of feathered arrows .
there , the air was heavy with the scents of crushed pine needles , animals , pastures .
` ` i was just about to turn them out into the pasture .
he walked with me as i took out each horse , one by one , to the green pasture and turned them out .
another squad of warriors reported to leto , and he directed them into the south pastures .
he turned to his troops , which included at least three women , and gave a short brisk order to head down into one of the local pastures .
we had a farm , the most beautiful farm with dry - stone walls to keep the sheep in their pastures , turnstiles like the old country . ''
she did just that , and gave herself to the phenomenal experience of flying through his realm , held so firmly within his arms , and moving at a swift pace through a variety of terrain from woodland , to pasture , from hamlet to town .
she had walked that horse to water , knew for a fact that he 'd even taken a drink , and yet he 'd just strolled right out of the pasture .
a few well - placed darts with the tongue before he moved on to greener pastures down south on a woman , giving her a requisite orgasm with his mouth before he could slide in and stroke himself to satisfaction .
vapor settled the aircraft into the pasture beside the wooden building , the back ramp open and gusting in the scent of muddy rain .
yanking the seat belt down and around her , paige set her eyes forward on the overlarge red barn in the distance by the pastures and bunkhouses .
sydney , her blood , her responsibility since their mother had hauled ass to greener pastures , ironically found in the middle of the damned desert with some omar sharif look - alike .
or a pasture of horses .
it was where the rich people used to live before the cow pasture mcmansion explosion , and where the old money had stayed when the new money moved to the more ostentatious ' burbs .
` ` unless the inn 's in the middle of a cow pasture . ''
the property sat at the foot of a redwood forest , the land abundant with native oaks , winding creeks , wildflowers , and endless pastures .
he 's out in the pasture working on an irrigation head , so he 'll be tied up for awhile .
a barn was directly behind it right next to a pasture full of cattle .
and then , fully realizing her power as an immortal , she left for greener pastures : younger men , an immortal career onstage and exotic travels .
ian looks out towards the back pastures and then at the trucks .
chapter three ian mackenzie saddled up one of his father 's quarter horses and took off down the trail that would lead him to the back part of the far pasture .
` ` maybe you should just put it out to pasture .
i ' ve spent my life driving through these pastures , grown up hiking and camping with my family - my brother .
james pulls the car over to park in front of a pasture with cows milling about so he can quickly type out a return text .
james shifts the car into gear , leaving the pasture behind as we continue down the peaceful , winding road toward our destination .
his smile fades as he seems to think , taking us past fields and pastures .
i sank down onto the wood chair and looked out over the west pasture .
` ` god , i must have needed that sleep , '' she said as she dropped her head and looked out over the pasture .
instead of parking at the house , he kept driving down the road , and then he parked in a pasture that had cows everywhere .
i sat on mimi and frank 's porch swing , looking out over the pasture , lost in thought .
there 's a fence that needs mending in the front pasture over by mimi and frank 's place . ''
i looked out into the dark pasture and smiled .
horses were scattered throughout the pastures , and my heart was pounding faster and faster as we got closer .
just a few feet in , i spied what i was looking for - a small pasture surrounded by nothing but trees .
` ` you know , the south pasture fence line has n't been checked on in a few days .
we walked a little ways until i came to an open pasture .
i walked into the living room , and emma was standing at the window , looking out at the west pasture .
as we made our way to my favorite oak tree in the west pasture , i let emma do all the talking .
the fields were what they 'd started calling the west pasture of the ranch .
he drove right on by the house and started making his way to the west pasture .
as i looked out toward the west pasture , i could n't help but smile .
chapter nine the cicadas were singing in a high pitch , the haunting rise and fall competing with the crickets chirping somewhere in the pastures bordering the overpass .
he was from tonkawa , a tiny town separated from blackwell by just fifteen minutes of pasture and farmland .
beyond it , a fence enclosed a pasture where horses idly grazed in the purple and orange light of a setting sun .
nina grew still , gazing off at the horse pasture , and i sensed the spirit magic welling up in her as she attempted a dream connection with her sister .
david was as unavoidable as weeds in a pasture .
she turned away from him and they rode in silence along the fence and onto a dirt road that led to one of his open pastures .
missy was with a family a couple of hours away , and now that the children had all grown and gone , the aging parents kept her as a pasture pet .
missy was with a family a couple of hours away , and now that their children had all grown and gone , she was a pasture pet .
puts those high school pasture parties to shame , does n't it ? ''
the boy adored mackenzie , and as he grew older would spend hours in his company , riding on the huge draft horses as they pulled the heavy roller through the high fields , and perched precariously on the hay wagons as they came down from the upper pastures in summer .
ian would ask me what i thought of fencing in auld kirby 's pasture , but i 'd know he 'd already set young jamie to do it .
not pausing for an answer , he set off past the stable , turning down the lane that led from the paddock to the lower pasture .
they strolled through the kailyard and out past the barn , walking along the path that led by the back pasture .
jem had got to the stile in the drystone dyke that walled the field , hopped over , and was making determinedly across a pasture full of sheep .
jem had reached the end of the pasture and shooed off a group of sheep that were blocking the gate that led to the road .
jem did n't trouble opening the pasture gate ; just ducked between the bars , dragging the bag after him .
in pastures green ; he leadeth me the quiet waters by . ''
in the daylight , it looked out on peace , on the kailyard with its worn wooden gate and the pasture beyond .
i did n't see anyone outside save a couple of big , shaggy highland cattle munching hay in the near pasture , but the chimneys were smoking and the big white - harled farmhouse had its usual hospitable , settled air .
roger looked down at lallybroch , pale and peaceful as the sheep that browsed its pastures .
some people are just made that way - to always want greener pastures .
i ' ve already taken titan through his paces and groomed him , exercised knight - time and groomed him and rotated reverie to a different pasture for a few hours .
i ' m walking lonesome , the brood mare , out to the north pasture when i hear a splash .
it 's that desire to avoid confrontation that eventually drove my mother to leave and find greener , stronger pastures .
and richer pastures .
and more successful pastures .
basically any other pasture than the one she was grazing in .
i turn off the highway , onto a narrow dirt road beside a fenced - in pasture .
a stand of trees lines the pasture on one side , and a single orange light glows over the road , suspended from a power line .
it 's surrounded by lush green pasture .
she relaxed her pasture and leaned back into the chair , positioning herself as she did when she was in the counseling mode .
the sky overhead is an unnatural blue , the pastures sweeping away on either side of the spider a luminous green , waves of fluorescent grass lapping at the dazzling white of the akashic walls .
the cow barn is 500 yards south of here , which put them closer to the grazing pastures and further from the cash crops .
marianne tried to argue but ralph grabbed her hand and hauled her to greener pastures .
past the barn , the road dipped slightly , declining past the bullpen towards the pasture .
it was over a mile though the pasture to where his father was lying pinned under his john deere .
he passed through the open gate to the pasture , finding the ground more solid .
the splatter of rain on the pasture and the beating of his heart were the only sounds audible now .
from behind , he heard the unmistakable sounds of police sirens and turned to see two vehicles passing through the pasture gate .
` ` shaped like a thirty foot pear , skinny on the top and wide at the bottom , '' he replied , keeping his eyes on the pasture ahead through the windshield .
he and i were out on this very pasture feeding the cattle , '' he stated pointing out towards the work area .
flying end over end , the patrol cars landed in the pasture hundreds of feet apart , in a cloud of dust .
he asked looking off into the pasture .
only the embers of a dying campfire sputtered and glowed in the dark of the pasture .
after giving himself several minutes to recover , he left the barn and hiked across the pasture away from the farmyard toward town .
green pastures for us hustlers , hucksters , and curio sellers , mike joked to beta .
only an hour or two ago , mimi had called to tell them that yakmail had been hacked , and indeed the yak was still missing from the pasture !
he smells like he slept in a cow pasture .
not counting the new foals in the back pasture .
whenever i was near a pasture , they seemed to be staring at me with those big saucer eyes .
fredrick stole a car from a parking lot in lancaster , one of thousands abandoned there by people who had abandoned them for greener pastures .
not the darkness , nor the emerald pastures of paradise , so many believe in .
migratory animals , they were on their way , to the green pasture lands in the north .
over the millennia , the animals that made this world their home came to know , when to leave their pastures and valleys and move into the darkness , there to hibernate until the heat and fire passed .
they did not see visions of green pastures or fly over the great mountains of kresh .
the whiptails were set free to roam the newly green pastures , to feed upon newborn rimar and drink their fill from running streams , coursing over the land like fingers of life .
it had been a long time since she 'd felt such things and for a brief time , she thought she was back with her tribe , heading to the green pastures of darmock and the festival of the gathering .
there was no green pasture or sunlight on her face , there was only the soft rocking from the ground and the beating of her heart .
soon i will fall from the stars as once did my mother and i will see the green pastures and listen to the mating cries of the rimar .
she sat staring out the window in awe ; rolling mountain pastures , jagged peaks , and the white caps of a rolling sea in the distance .
if he was trying to give me the silent treatment because i was leaving him behind on short notice while i moved onto greener pastures , then i was supposed to understand , though i did nt want to end on bad terms with him .
because human nature is nt a flat pasture , its a series of rolling hills , and for every low , there is a high of equal magnitude .
at the foot of the hillside , there are large pens and pastures for the kirtags .
timberlane has crops and herds in the near fields and pastures that the transport will kill .
for the next few hours junah and renn tramped across open pasture and patchwork fields but , as the sun began to wester , the landscape altered dramatically .
we sit down , legs crossed on the pasture and observe the star - lit sky .
danica and i get up from the pasture .
the military mounts , irritable from confinement , lumbered out into their pasture , threatening each other with horns and teeth .
after the birth of a female , they are taken to pastures to graze until they come of age for reproduction .
the nomads wandered the mountainous provinces , grazing stock on pasture wherever they could find it .
the trees were still , and the pastures vacant .
willard ranted about my old bitch of a wife , bernice , the guddam government , guddam sun in my eyes , my bitchin back acting up again , that cheap bastard wilcox , guddam milk thistles taking over the pasture , and a long litany of lifes constant miseries .
the yard was fenced , and the surrounding property was broken into several pastures .
i do nt know where she got it fromher mother and father were ordinary farmers , who never thought much beyond the bounds of their pastures much less beyond the confines of this world .
he leads me to green pastures , he lets me drink untainted water .
once you re too old to look young , they put you out to pasture , paul said as he sucked on his cigar - aware glorias father would ruin beth in every possible way - and he watched beth and martha coming their way .
he was about to ask himself out loud if it once guarded the pasture or was left to provide shade for cows on summer days when he remembered the body bug .
pat gazed past her and out into the gently rolling pastures behind her shoulder .
the wind was heavy with the scent of pasture and farm .
decide when peeps mate , send boy peep back to pasture , wait out girl peep till she go to delivre vill , send bebe to kid vill and girl to who - know - where .
at a word they would have circled this little bunch and driven it straight down to me ; and then it flashed into my mind that nobs had run with those collies all one summer , that he had gone down to the pasture with them after the cows every evening and done his part in driving them back to the milking - barn , and had done it intelligently ; but nobs had never done the thing alone , and it had been a year since he had done it at all .
there must have been something about the farm , possibly the pastures on one side of the farmstead , the forest on the other or the river that cradled it all in a lazy curve that made her feel at home .
dad opened the gate to the new sheep pasture and backed the truck inside the pen .
he pulled his hood back over his head , holding it tight under his chin with one hand while he gathered the hem of his robe in the other and set off across the yard towards the pasture where he could see his twin sister keen sitting astride the stile in the far fence .
pale adult men and women , still covered in the slimy white discharge from their synthetic wombs , stood naked , shivering in cold pastures and atop snow- capped mountains .
for the millisecond the green glow darted in front of his eyes , morn was transported to a cold setting , where he envisioned himself standing naked in a pasture , dripping with goo and feeling utterly confused and alone .
and just before the vision vanished , morn had a second vision , of looking up into a cloudy , starry sky from the cold pasture , and seeing what resembled a giant pulsating hand , literally composed of the fabric of dark space .
after a few moments argoth joined him and the two walked out of town into the pasture , intent on finding a good campsite .
soon they were exiting the cavern and hovering above a land of green pastures and trees , orchids , sunny skies , rainbow visions in the air , and light beacons of technological design similar to those seen in the cavern of lights .
while they passed through some of the pleasant rural country of new jersey , with its red barns and cow pastures , she wondered what her immediate future would hold .
the dragons ignored the chatter box , idly eyeing the moving pastures for larger and more appetizing delicacies .
but he and coryna had been watching it from afar as it prowled the outer fence line of one of the sheep ranchers pastures from his fathers barony .
the late afternoon sun finds a gap in the overcast sky and for a few moments the pasture gleams a blinding white .
francesca and blake join me as i duck under the fence rail and walk toward the balloon through the tall grass of the pasture .
connie waves from the porch as we cross the barnyard through the pasture gate .
the horse has migrated across the far side of the pasture , but she lifts her head and gives us a contemplative stare as we enter , before going back to her grazing .
francesca grips the edge of the basket with both hands as she watches the pasture dropping away .
we are still tethered to the ground , but the one remaining cable is long and thin and runs away toward the center of the pasture .
we traverse perhaps a hundred yards of pasture before we reach the end of the tethers length .
mym is in the opposite corner of the gondola , looking away from the pasture at prairie hills stretching to the south .
he eases us into the pasture and we land with a gentle thump .
this time , levi releases all of the cables and we drift up and away from the pasture .
he s probably out checking the livestock in the north pasture .
frowning while scanning the open pastures for the horses , instead i see .
the green manicured lawns lead into a set of double wooden gates and into a thicket of hilly grassy pastures .
starras pasture .
she rides with both grace and speed around the pasture , not as strong as apollo , but sure - footed and steady .
rann ignores kbot sitting and staring out the window at the horses grazing in the pasture .
paul kissed his miraculous granddaughter dozens of times that day and stalked her with his camera as she searched , graceful as the yearlings in the south pasture , for the chocolates he d hidden in the orchard .
green pastures ; lots of seekers and suckers .
green pastures and knicker muffins from here on out , willy boy .
richard hobbled over to the pasture with josephines help .
it ca nt really be called joy , yet it facilitates an enlivening awareness , a focus narrowed to each inch - wide pasture of skin .
when the problem of human aging surfaced , their spouses were simply put out to pasture .
maybe since he was in the neighborhood he would stop by and tell the religious chief in person that he had decided to quit this farce and leave for warmer pastures .
dead horse runs for a few miles from the high top snowy mountains down to the small pasture where we put our daily gathers .
now with the small lots we are picking up on the back rides , time permitting , we move them on through the small pasture into the corrals .
partway down dead horse there is a narrowing of the hills on each side called badger canyon for about a half mile which opens back out to the small holding canyon pasture which is a less narrow defile maybe a half mile square .
big house , big barns , fenced pastures , we had a ton of open range , miles .
she milks and makes her own cheese and enjoys pasture raised eggs .
dots of lightning flickered in the midst of storms in the northwestern mountains , while the eastern edge of the great bay was cloudless in the morning light , dazzlingly bright , the coastal deserts gleaming in the sun , the greenswards of the forests and pastures beyond a darker , richer green .
she arose and went to the wide window that looked across lower rooftops to part of the ring of orchards and pastures around central .
bees working the clover of a nearby pasture came to investigate but he was pheromone - marked , as were all who walked freely on chapterhouse .
and yes , there were the cherries east of them beyond the pasture .
teg visualized hands grubbing in dirt , gently patting earth around young shoots , careful irrigation , the fencing to confine the cattle to wild pastures around the first chapterhouse plantations and buildings .
when they went back through the orchards and across a pasture to the vantage knoll with its limb - framed view of central , teg saw the administrative complex and its barrier plantations with new sensitivity .
orchards , pastures and vineyards were not merely a buffer against alien intrusions , pleasant decorations on the landscape .
turning her back on the cattle , odrade looked at leafless trees across from the pasture .
she recognized a delicate weather shift to wrench another crop from this region but decreasing rainfall was barely enough to keep orchards and pastures alive .
on the cow pasture fay was having a swanky modern san francisco type of house built , with recessed bath tubs , plenty of tile and mahogany panelling , fluorescent lighting , custom kitchen , electric washer and drier combination - the works , including a custom hi - fl combination with speakers built right into the walls .
his got up off the ground and stayed , not falling but not going higher ; he ran along the mushy pasture , splashing , unreeling the string , and still his kite stayed up the same height , only now the string was played out , parallel to the ground .
a car that slipped into a nut on into the pasture became mired .
beyond the fence they followed a trail across a pasture and then they began to climb down a sandy slope overgrown with iceplant .
taking the lantern - the sky had become dark and stars were appearing - they walked out across the pasture , to the ewe .
then he turned on his side to look out the window at the pasture .
he walked to the fence , opened the gate , and stepped out onto the pasture .
in the pasture the three ewes watched .
on the pasture , nothing stood upright ; no shapes of cropping animals .
he lay on the couch , listening to the faint sounds of the animal out on the pasture dying , and meanwhile trying not to die himself .
first , i paid two hundred dollars for a horse and had it brought to the house by truck and let loose in the back pasture .
there are no still waters here ... or green pastures , he thought .
the smell of hot , large clover from the surrounding pastures of charlottesville , utah .
he had , behind the church in a five - acre pasture , six ewes .
aboard his cart , tibor mcmasters rode in style , with a flourish ; pulled by the faithful cow , the cart rattled and bounced on , and miles of weedy pasture passed by , flat country with stalks rising , both tough and dry : this had become arid land , not fit for crops any longer .
after a hurried breakfast - he had lost time due to the discussion with his wife - he ascended clad for venturing out , including his ajax model mountibank lead codpiece , to the covered roof pasture whereon his electric sheep ` ` grazed . ''
very true , rick thought as he opened the gate to his little pasture and approached his electric sheep .
the owner of the adjoining pasture , his conapt neighbor bill barbour , hailed him ; he , like rick , had dressed for work but had stopped off on the way to check his animal , too .
in all , he gathered eight varieties of forest and pasture mushrooms ; he had been almost that many years learning where to expect them , and it was well worth it .
` ` i ' ve looked through the pastures and woods in your area , and i ' ve seen some fine examples ; you can supplement your diet without taking any chances .
as the ' copter lifted from the sparse grass of the pasture , jack thought , this is going to affect all of us , and deeply .
to the cab she said , ' land in a pasture .
' you 're wasting your time , ' his counterpart said after the ship had landed in an irrigated pasture outside salt lake city .
when the infected cow makes a cow pie , as we say in texas , a passel of lancet fluke eggs winds up in the pasture .
it would have made a good pasture .
` ` every pasture needs three things , '' the woman said , voice changing , as if she were quoting from memory .
a dead husband whom she 'd never loved and a ` ` privileged '' position in court that amounted to being put out to pasture .
he maketh me to lie down in green pastures : he leadeth me beside the still waters .
i screwed her three more times , all at the drive - in with the smell of cowshit coming in through the car window from the next pasture .
` ` nobody likes to be replaced by a younger man , and find himself turned out to pasture .
for example , there were a lot of horses : really a lot , when you considered the horses in the fields , the horses at the tournament , the horses ridden on the dirt roads , and the horses put out to pasture .
the disaster - groupies on the south side of the accident were standing in the cow pasture on one side of the road and knee - deep in scrubby bushes on the other .
vivenna and ridger had to focus on their studies ; fafen had to do her work in the pastures and homes .
women chasing runaway geese , men pulling donkeys laden with spring seed , and children leading sheep on their way to pasture .
` ` what i ' ve done , '' i said , ` ` is i ' ve hacked out little portions of reality here and there and familiarized myself with them , somewhat on the model of a sheep who 's learned a route across a pasture and never deviates from that route . ''
` ` i ' m the pasture itself , to you . ''
the runt walked around it , becoming increasingly certain as he walked that nothing could make him go inside , and then he climbed over a broken fence to an abandoned pasture , and settled down to sleep in the long grass with his schoolbag for his pillow .
something he had taken for a shadow moved , beside a tree on the edge of the pasture , and he saw a boy of his own age .
matches the pastures that stretch out on either side of the path before her .
she follows the path through the pasture .
a cry that carries across pastures , statues , fountains .
it was bad enough being pulled away from the pasture of milk vetch , but the burning engine smell spooked her , too .
it was a lush region , green , with waterfalls and rivers feeding the pastures .
in block letters , under the perfect smiling family : welcome to wayward pines where paradise is home ethan accelerated past the sign , the road moving parallel to a split - rail fence , the headlights grazing over a pasture and a herd of cattle .
the pasture fell away behind him .
he whipped the car around and burned back up the road , hitting sixty by the time he reached the pasture .
through the passenger window , he could see the herd of cattle congregated in the pasture .
` ` i glanced into the pasture for a split second , and when i looked back , there was something in the middle of the road .
keep in mind that several hours later , near the pastures south of town , i 'll discover alyssa .
in the road beside the pastures , he stopped the bronco .
he shot out of the trees and raced beside a pasture .
through his window , bob could see movement in the pasture .
eviscerated cows littered the pasture by the dozens , each one surrounded by a cluster of monsters in the throes of gorging themselves .
their pastures are just over on the other side of the border . '
the final jousting match took place on a breezy summer morning when white puffy clouds were skipping like lambs across their blue pasture .
i 'll just take them all out into the nearest pasture for an hour or so .
sparhawk suggested , pointing toward a pasture backed by a pine grove .
they rode out into the pasture and dismounted .
the five vast beings withdrew further out into the pasture .
they all turned to face the monstrous beings coming back across the autumn - browned pasture .
the tall algar wore his usual black leather and he stood with errand in the pasture lying to the west of poledra 's cottage .
` ` it was only a pasture , '' kail recalled , ` ` and not a very big one .
` ` i use it when i go out to hunt wild stags , and the shepherds take their flocks through it to the pastures in the interior valleys . ''
' kurik , ' talen said with some shock , ' that ceiling 's bigger than a cow pasture .
we have to protect our pastures , and that means we 'll have to spread out all over our lands . '
` ` a week 's rest in a good pasture , perhaps , '' durnik answered with a wry smile .
` ` i think we could all use a week 's rest in a good pasture . ''
` ` keep her in your own pasture , then , '' another voice replied shortly .
and do n't move the cattle up to the high pastures until all the frost is out of the ground . ''
i loved this new land : a land of abundance and promise of greener pasture .
bull thistles grow inside cow pastures , fertilized by rain water , and cow shit .
baycliff swiftly uprights his torso , snorting viciously then violently charges like a bull steer , body slamming against taffy as the three teens dives like a rolling log towards the red dirt and still rolling onto the cool green grass pasture towards the fiery fusion .
she fondly thinks of yesterdays in south beach before the honeysuckle ball at her daddys farm when baycliff would bring her a handful of wild pink roses ( without cow drool ) .that he had collected around the cow pastures during his visual inspections of the baby calves and loose fence posts .
( flips switches and holds the monitor in air ) look , ya can see the live parade of hico into the grass pastures of south beach .
i pivot my body in the north geographical direction towards the water stream flowing through several cow pasture landscapes as i diligently seek using both my eyeballs and eardrums for the single stray baby kitten .
rochelle swiftly stands from the chair and finger points while shuffling her body towards the front porch doorway which leads to different areas of the farm , the pond , the barn , the pastures , and the playground .
i pop open the latch of third horse stall , grabbing the yellow cloth halter of stallion , leading him calmly in front the open gates of the grass pasture , waiting impatiently for rochelle to release the rest of the metal latches as the doors swing open freeing the horses .
the mares will follow the stallion into the cool dewy pastures as rochelle finishes her task while the mares peek out the stalls with cautious then i whisper to the stallion .
the stallion proudly neighs as the mare prettily prance from their barn stalls as i gallop the big stallion through the gates into the pasture lands , sliding the halter off his muzzle and releasing him to freedom .
two atvs with drivers of baycliff and mccamy wait impatiently in front of the play ground area where locates the tire swings , and slide on the out skirts of wild flower fields , and horse pastures for the other vehicles as pemona and rusks atv zooms out of the garage , almost running over my foot .
wolf swings the atv left then right and left , sliding in the white sand , green grass away from the fowler house , ranch and pastures as he guns the pedal towards the row of ducklings that resemble the skeleton outlines of an atv as mccamy holds both his arms in the air , signaling wolf to stop in this spot .
the pasture lands with the purple tinted thistles bushes are gone along with the black and white cows since hico has plowed and cut the land building a horizontal stack of three inches of grayish - white natural wooden planks across the green grasslands towards the end of the silver limestone cliffs as a flat dance floor platform for the huntress game .
my black stallion is leading a herd of mares 207 - yards ahead in my bike path around the hilly green pasture , showing off his harem to the other stud horses .
cow pasture .
the visual picture at the cow pasture fence post is exactly like my day dream inside my mental mind , standing in cowgirl boots at my house .
i patiently watch the cow and calf along with the whispering farm hands for the mother and babe to leave the pasture , before making the repairs on the broken fence post .
alien horse pasture .
i did walking from the cow pasture and probably stunk right up into his nostril .
dr . martin , i m responsible for 6,178 - acres of cows , cotton , and corn , spreading my arm towards a hilly green pasture and keep going .
doe trots slowly beside bartholomew through the flowers , out the spanish moss - covered wooden gates , into the open green pasture field , into an over story tree hiking a path towards the woodlands mountain .
thunderfoot leads his harem of mares around the green hilly pastures .
i flash past , mentally into the first alien - timeline , when the window only showed barren dry hills and brown pastures of an abandoned dead world .
then , i pirouette for a second time my body towards the growing green pastures , and rudely finger point at the third rows holding four target dummies .
i close my eyelashes , smelling the familiar odors of planet earth , breathing the rich aroma of fresh dirt , wild flowers , fresh fruit berries , green pastures , assorted wildlife , and woodlands forests floating around me on resort .
first race was in enrico county , virginia in 1674 with one - on - one match races going and coming down narrow village streets , country lanes , and other level field pastures .
new trail leads down , round us back towards the pastures to my friend betsy .
argus commands as he drives the tractor from the creek and up and over another next hill that fills with smooth rolling mounds of green grass of pastures used for feed to the horses and cows as he parks and shuts down the engine in total darkness except for the light from the full moon beaming over the grass making tiny flashes of diamonds along the wet dew from the night air .
i swiftly grab the hot cup of chocolate milk and accidentally touch is his hand , feeling the hot sizzling heat as my mind flashes back to the creek stream on his farm in the cow pasture when he instantly dried my wet clothes then i sit the cup on the side nightstand .
he has ditched his cowboy boots and stinky foot socks outside on the front porch since they are covered in horse shit , hay needles , and wet grass finishing up his last duty of the day by hustling the baby calves into the protective grassy pastures with their mamas for his daddy .
lissa drake moans like he stepped his cowboy boots in a pile of fresh horse shit in the grass pasture while mella smiles brightly along with lissas .
drake whines like he stepped his left cowboy boot in a pile of fresh green horse shit in the front pasture then neck snaps to skull to daniel and whispers under his breathe .
we do nt want to be responsible for encouraging evilhere on gods green pastures .
one or two good spirits , ifan argus injects while rotates neck muscles surrounding the flat pasture as the younger angels group behind the leader of the expedition and comments .
a riding horse that someone let out the pasture ?
the sprit horse galloping around the abandoned farm pastures at five points station before the floodyou sent it .
flew across the pasture to the next farm over .
the kids will eat em , i ve got to get out to the pasture and check a fence this morning , he shouted over his shoulder .
* * * * hey tom , saddle up jake for me i m heading out to check on that fence in the north pasture , walker spoke to someone as he entered the barn .
i found it to be rather bumpy , yet as we rode toward the north pasture i heard the sounds of the ranch animals welcoming the dawn .
do nt need our bulls getting into smittys pastures again .
now i m tearing through cow pastures , startling bovines drifting off to sleep in the twilight .
after their first season , tom had left for greener pastures .
the well - manicured lawns , paved roads and security of people close by gave way to fenced pasture grounds and slightly brushy areas with tall grass and a thicket of thorny hedge trees now lined the road .
his aimless drive led to where the pavement ends and the openness of pasture grounds replace the cookie cutter ranch style homes that sit all in neat rows .
at the end of the fertile pasture , a rock wall supporting a wooden door framed by thick beams marked the entry into the southern mountains mine .
like most places in singapore , green richness were everywhere , in a riot of nature ranging from lush pastures to buoyant flora to sprightly shrubs to grand , vivacious trees .
whatever this place was , it was situated perfectly , with a forest of trees with pastures rolling into hills behind it , and an excellent view of the valleys below .
beyond the neatly groomed and manicured gardens , rolling hills and pastures disappeared into a thick forest of tall trees .
she noticed a herd of black horses in a white - fenced pasture surrounded by the forest ; they looked like the horses that levi and harrison had used to bring her into pemdas .
a white fence with a stile over it led to the horse pasture .
after a moment of hesitation , she climbed the stile and sat down in the pasture , on a long tree that had fallen on its side .
levi laughed as well , and stepped over the stile into the pasture .
i d be good for nothing but lounging around pastures all day , waiting for attention .
with the weather coming in , and the young foals among them , we must move them from the big pasture ; bring them closer to the stables .
the dirt road leading into town passed in front of their modest wooden home and the barn and horse pasture were both situated behind it .
as soon as they entered the pasture , rema slid off snow and untied her dress .
she released snow into the pasture , and followed her aunt around the barn and inside the house .
the sun had set and darkness descended upon them as they crossed back into the horse pasture .
remas favorite part of the room was the window overlooking the horse pasture .
leaving the town , they traveled through large pastures where herds of horses grazed .
a large garden separated the castle from the horse pasture .
when she reached the wood fence surrounding the pasture , she slid up against it .
the horse pasture was filled with soldiers .
he stomped out of the pasture , and his steward came forward .
placing one foot in the front of the other , rema moved away from the pasture toward the rear of the house .
her two escorts did nt push her any farther into the pasture .
the guards took hold of her arms and went into the pasture .
he wants to ask you about why all the bulls got out of the pasture this morning .
austin and i decided to jog to school and threw a few rocks at the flies on the bulls ears so they chased us out of the pasture .
jackson took off running toward the pasture across the road .
you can wander boot soles around the fields , crops , and pastures through the farm ecosphere for old fresh water holes , fishing , swimming , and other water activities .
dr . v put you out to pasture yet ?
in his sleepy state , he did nt derive his usual satisfaction from viewing the tidy barn and well fenced pastures that he d built himself .
chapter three about two weeks later , on a particularly windy , rainy morning , kurt led carpia out to the pasture to join the other mares and their foals .
and she had stayed out of carpias stall , but shed maintained her relationship with the mare by visiting her out in the pasture and by feeding her sugar cubes and carrots through the bars on her stall door .
watching him in the pasture was enough to break kurts heart .
she lifted the second line and climbed into the pasture .
it was more like touching a live electric fence around a cattle pasture .
he was mams father and he lived in a cottage on the far side of the pasture behind the house where the cows grazed , so ness fach was the first to spot him coming when she was playing outside that evening .
* * * idrys suggested that henri could stay with him at the cottage across the pasture and help out on the farm , an idea that henri and i were elated with .
it was painfully ironic that the only real privacy we had was when i went to my bedroom and henri went to his , where we were able to talk in his head across the pasture .
idrys made the decision that he and henri would abandon the cottage over the pasture for now and come and stay at ty gwyn to care for mam .
i sat in the dehydrated grass supporting my back against the tree trunk , looking out across the pasture at the now - empty pengelly cottage .
most days he wheeled himself outside despite the icy fingers of winter that were slowly getting a grip on ty gwyn and sat contemplating the pasture until someone came to bother him .
mam had insisted on having all the pictures taken on the pasture outside ty gwyn , especially now that the fallen snow had given us such a beautiful backdrop .
we all lined up on the snowy ground at the edge of the pasture waiting for our turn to be called .
beyond the polished floors and the three reception rooms , below the wide staircase leading to eight bedrooms and their eight adjoining en suites , past the downstairs cloakroom , grand dining room , and very big country style kitchen where grandpa bilson was preparing dinner , drinking wine , and singing in a funny language , lay an undulating outside land of green pastures , bordering forests , and free - range farm animals all strangely scarred with the odd divot taken out from various parts of their hides .
alden continued , i ve heard that when the curse first started a long time ago , farmers found that their pastures were fog - free where the cows grazed .
she climbed the fence into the ten - acre lot and he followed her , walking slowly and stumbling over the little hillocks in the pasture as if he was thinking of something else and did not notice them .
toward the back of the forty - acre property there was a garden and pastures with cows and chickens .
smoke rises from the chimneys of some , and there are clusters of goats and cows in fenced pastures , but we see no people .
after being fed and watered , the oxen had been led through the archway behind neb and into the cloister 's pasture fields .
the prince motioned her closer to him , and when she approached he pointed at a group of pastures and cropland .
we played on horses back behind the barn in the cow pasture racing to the pond , fishing for crappie .
on the opposite side of the castle from the garden were the stables , but beyond that , the castle seemed to be effectively isolated , surrounded by large stretches of cultivated land and pastures .
there was a river at the far end of the pasture , and the vegetation seemed to glisten as if with morning dew .
as isaac took cayenne out to the pasture , she and ada hurried into the house to see rachel .
she bounced up and down and then pulled sloane into our circle of affection like we had already conquered this life and moved on to greener pastures .
their family business owns that creepy funeral home which highly qualifies them for that very descriptive name , one and two , that low patch of green grass and that sweet duck pond between their funeral home parking lot and the occupied cow pasture which can only be accessed i might add by a 4 x4 jacked up monster truck that bobby joe happens to drive is neatly well - hidden from the roadway which is perfect ( giggles ) for watching the twinkling stars and full moon yeah , well , i would nt know about that watching stars and moon stuff without using a telescope and the property strip is properly called singer fields , not sin - eaters .
y all are neighbors , if you use that very loose term , since the actworth mansion is whattwo or three miles from your front porch but the closest directional angle of the northwest corner of your daddys cow pasture .
eyeballs stare at me from the second section of the kitchen called a breakfast room , where a long square table sniggles between three walls filled with clean horizontal glass walls for viewing the miles of bright green and yellow cow pasture land over the flat pancake landscape below the wooden tables of numerous potted flowering plants that breed from bright kitchen sunlight and daily tap water while daddy greets with a smile and .
buti need for ya to hay the horses out in the pastures .
the truck moves slowly than a snail around the flat hard soil since daddy and a couple of his best machine mechanics re - designed the engine so that it only putt - putts on land and drowns in water so i do nt run the tires though any mud puddles deeply than my ankle bones but that s not my destination since the horse are in the south pasture while i follow the well - worn two sets of tire tracks permanently carved into the hard dirt towards the horses .
i should ve recalled that we move the herd of geldings and stallions into the north pasture since mama does that maneuver every single year around my birthday .
the brothers hoot and toot like barn owls that silly slogan as i continue to spy and clearly hear the taunt echo across the open plains of the rolling pasture lands that connect our two farms and giggle silly .
i suck the motorcycle helmet over my long brushy hair securing the tiny strip under my chin then grin and putt - putt like a crawling baby out the wide double set of barn doors into the bright sunshine light turning to the right as i pad on the flat soil towards the horse pasture .
mama and daddyll be wondering why were wandering along the cow pastures in the dark .
i twist the steering wheel to the right following the old worn dirt path to the north pasture of cows then twist the wheel to the left pathing towards the hut where garths playing on the silly pregnancy binoculars .
i lift my right boot off the pedal slowing my speed when i hit the water spraying lovely waterfalls of water into the air bathing the wheels , doors , me , and the underbelly of the atv then i stomp my boot on the gas plowing into the gently rolling up a slight hill then down a slight hill of a single cow pasture used for housing the beef cows who do nt pay attention to me as i whip around their tiny groups of grazing skulls and wiggling tails .
garth tosses his right leg over the saddle horn sliding both boots onto the dirt then struts manly over the grass ducking his head , neck , and shoulders between the two and three fence posts wiggling his tallness from the cow pasture into the driveway then upright stomping to me without a smile as i bat my long eyelashes giggling with a girly twang using my southern belle charms on his cowboy redneck manners and .
i twist my body upon the concrete driveway of becks house surrounding on my right a nicely manicured pretty lawn of bright green short thick grass that extends from the driveway across about hundred feet to the animal pasture fence posts all even - leveled and neat to the eyeballs .
naw , searching the eastern side of the pasture .
the type , in fact , that grew around the mansions pasture .
after skirting a white - fenced pasture , we finally found the long , narrow building that housed the horses .
at first , i thought a tree had fallen or been cut and left in the middle of the pasture .
i found simon leaning against the paddock fence watching the horses in the pasture .
simon turned his head and looked out across the pasture .
back at the horseback riding corral , emma was helping campers get onto the horses and leading them around the pasture in a large circle .
the late summer sun was warm on his back as he walked beside the pasture where farmer tomkin kept his horses .
it was nt worry , nor fear , i am certain of that : it was the burning gaze of an ardent father who has been shown the face of the one who threatens his child , a father who had been made to remember that those he has raised and cared for are not safe shown that wolves circle the pastures and bandits line the roads .
my family has been using this pasture for three generations , and i ' ve never seen the likes of you here before today . ''
the pasture , full of sheep , was immediately in my path .
the scent of the lovely maiden still lingered here , but i continued on to farther pastures , where i hid and waited .
so i save you all , spare you further duress here on earth , and then you all leave , having found greener pastures elsewhere i wanted to add that i would make the greatest sacrifice of all , but , i did nt .
nothing , shane replied and looked out at the rolling hills covered in brown fescue , pastures separated by stands of twisted pine trees and rusting barbwire .
in his rush to get out of the big rigs way , he d almost fallen onto the heavy gage electric fence containing the douglas pasture .
off to the left , he saw a dark cloud moving straight toward them , hovering a few feet above the dry , brown grass in the pasture .
i was out the door and running to the south pasture before either sally or roger could catch up to me .
i took his hand and we walked through the barn to the calf lot and out to the big pasture where the old bull grazed .
aidan , me lad , you are not to go in his stall nor the pasture when he is out .
a big old kitchen that opened with french doors on a garden , back pasture , barns and century - old oak trees .
sassy , he thought and suddenly , i became him , was in the labrador as she padded to the house , an old country house in the middle of 40 acres of pasture .
dad went out in the pasture to herd them into a paddock , and they killed him .
mature oaks separated the fence from the road , allowing a broken view of the green pastures of the douglas farm .
they took off barking like they d seen a rabbit , heading up into the pasture and over the hill .
so they prepared to go touring , karis and malin and two horses from lord lindseys stables , since lanier was still out in the pasture .
i live in the country with the fruit trees , the wildflower meadows , and green grazing pastures .
i was already pulling the rope ladder up into the tree house as she clambered over the pasture fence .
i swear that man can smell worry in a cow pasture .
i stare down at the green grass pastures and brown soil crops of the world , shaking my waist - length dirty matted silver curls , frowning .
apollo stomps his hoof then prances to rann inside the pasture .
the ranch hand lifts the gate , when apollo rears then leaps into the air galloping out the pasture then stops .
i lay on my back muscles in the cool wet grass of the horse pasture , rising upon my elbows .
there are several theories on the influential factors that affect the planet not conducive into balancing out our conflicting priorities like food , natural landscape , the people and exiting our world for greener pastures , chuckles .
i want to talk to you about this mural , gates went on , i do nt want any crude colonial scenes of pastures and farms .
joe refused to look at huxley and der , his gaze on the forest and empty pastures .
they bounced and jolted over the dirt , watching the pastures and scrub brush pass by .
but it was , and it is , and i locked his ghost in my mind even before he was dead , and he will always haunt my pastures , my hayloft , my dreams .
the park had a lake and hiking trails , and was located in a rural , wooded area where the suburbs gave way to farms and pastures .
the hiker , equipped with staff and small backpack , ambled slowly up across the gently sloping pasture to the old bohannon cemetery .
a mound or knob rose above the pasture , scrubby rock land , eroded , stripped of its timber decades back and now supporting only cedars , stunted oaks and boulder outcrops , certainly no view to spend eternity contemplating .
the hiker was now making his way back down across the pasture .
the hiker was trudging back up through the pasture , this time without backpack or staff .
he held , instead , a huge array of early fall pasture blooms , mostly frostweed , ironweed , and goldenrod , a blaze of white , purple and yellow , tastefully blended .
part of the old pasture .
the thought of it the thought of the large northern horses chewing grass in the open pastures .
and did those feet in ancient timewalk upon england 's mountains green ? .. and was the holy lamb of godon england 's pleasant pastures seen ?
when pauls ex - wife had left for greener pastures two years ago , she had almost immediately hooked up with an investment banker from one of the big firms out of new york city .
on the opposite side of the corral he repeated the procedure to let them into the rear pasture .
amanda watched quizzically , and then followed paul as he led her into the pasture .
julie and i have spent a little too much time in the old hot water tub out on the back pasture , john said .
ahead lay open pasture .
the pasture was suddenly very quiet .
they had resorted to bulldozing derelict houses they could nt give away and turning large parts of the city into pasture .
it was now just an open pasture by the side of the road .
why women in western have greener pastures ?
as shali sat down at a table near the window overlooking a brilliant green pasture with cows and sheep , clay fetched two cups of dark black english coffee .
46 the next morning i drove down to north birmingham , to one of the suburbs that were built as wealthy victorian merchants began to distance themselves from the dark heart of their steel foundries and sought the green pastures of what was then open country .
accompanying alex in the shot this time was a background of bright green pastures below a cloudless sky , as well as both her mother and father .
his eyes traveled across tan crops and verdant pastures to another rise a mile away .
on the rolling farmland to the east a distant shaft of sunlight illuminated a pasture and dots of livestock .
gil wandered through the woods towards the lodge and entered into the clearing that the locals called the pasture , largely because deer could often be found grazing here .
he answers , they are out in the pastures for the day , we bring them in around five .
they are just grazing on the grass in what they think is their pasture , not knowing they are nt supposed to eat there .
cattle sometimes wander into the communal pastures , where the hay is grown as a cash crop .
sooner or later they end up at the forbidden pasture where the grass is green and tender .
on the other side of the stream has hundreds of meters of low - lying lime colored fertile farming pasture , surrounded by olive scrub pine and golden aspen trees shimmering in the dry breeze .
he maketh me to lie down in green pastures .
the sun beat through the trees , the views magnificent out across the lake to the right , flashes of meadows to the left ; cows , pastures filled with yellow flowers , glimpses of wooded valleys and ornate wooden cottages .
if nothing has changed by breakfast , and we hear gunfire outside tonight , then i think it is time to leave for greener , and in my mind , less - snowy pastures .
i would prefer to be out of a city with no electricity than in onein greener pastures , if you know what i mean .
shed sprint across the nearby cow pastures and hurdle hay bales .
once were on the national forest , we move them to new pastures on a regular basis so that the range does nt become overgrazed .
it was a large green pasture with a beautiful assortment of trees and flowers .
another photo of susan alone in a mountain pasture with a blue wildflower stuck in the buttonhole of her wool shirt .
susan sat back in her seat , and looked out the window at the dry terrain : tumbleweeds , barbed wire , rock outcropping , a few trees in rock - strewn pastures .
after some kilometres they turned back onto a normal road and they drove parallel of sloping green pastures .
he scrolled through the menu and showed one of the pictures he had taken of the pastures .
he maketh me to lie down in green pastures , leadeth me beside still waters he delivereth thy whore and thy issue into the jaws of the beast , and revels in their pleas for mercy and their unanswered prayers for aid , the demon answered , then turned its narrow hips toward the preacher and pissed at him with its adolescent pecker .
it felt good to have the wide open space to myself , save the occasional walkers and a family having a picnic dinner under a big sugar maple in the pasture .
then he went on to greener pastures , being the japan development bank , and left the details to another miti honcho by the name of kenji asano .
` ` exactly , '' hansen continued , wondering when he would have a good public excuse to send davies to greener pastures .
balochis forced work on the pipeline to be halted when they came to know that it 'll pass through the pastures and native village of a leader of one of the most powerful nationalist baloch leaders , gaffar khan of baloch nationalist liberation front .
they looked up when they heard whistling and saw johnny coming across the cow pasture .
his father had been coming from the pasture when he had noticed his son had taken a brush to the barn .
the loud motor of a ford tractor echoed from the pasture and he knew dinner was certainly close .
parkers pasture .
after putting out some corn harry headed to the back of his pasture where his cows usually got out .
he walked a little further into the pasture , maneuvering through cow patties , suddenly something did catch his eye .
sisters mary and susan black were found hung and mutilated in harry newmans pasture yesterday .
incredibly now she was in a vast clearing a pasture of such and her friends had disappeared along with the bottoms and the path they had been on except for james dean he was there and so was the wild boar .
he had pulled up in his ancient ford dust billowing out from the rear as he pulled up onto the makeshift trail from the gravel road onto his pasture out on road 217 .
the other side of lake road is the pasture where greg keeps his cattle .
her long legs were shapely , and the tautness of her calf muscles suggested she wore heels that withstood wet pastures .
twenty minutes later they pulled into a complex labeled green pastures managed care home .
shapes no longer moved , nudged by his imagination , sounds were normal above the background , the rustle of some small night hunter in the undergrowth , the clumping of hoofs from the closest barn , the occasional whinny of a horse left out to pasture .
from there he was able to see the horses grazing out in the pasture and beyond that , the polo field where his father had played many matches with friends and acquaintances .
sam giles was over in one of the pastures longeing a quarter horse .
she s right over there , he said , pointing toward the pasture beyond the stables .
integrity reared up on his hind legs and pulled away from sam , and then took off toward the pasture .
he looked out over the pasture with a sigh .
amelia and moonwalker followed the two women into the back pasture .
the pond was on the other side of the pasture to larindas left , and the women walked toward it .
as she neared the south side of the pasture , the thunder of a motorcycle engine coming to life filled the air .
percy 's ribbon days were over and he was ready for pasture .
to everything dinah watched as the ice cream truck rolled away , in search of greener pastures .
saying a silent goodbye , greeted with nothing more than a pasture for evil robots looking to tear the whole place apart .
i let the mules out into one of the overgrown pastures and broke the wagon down into fire wood .
bakker was another oddball but this guy badly needed to be put out to pasture .
the great green pasture in the sky !
i hope that my boys nat and woolcott have someone as good - hearted as sawyer to help them with their homework in that great green pasture in the sky !
america has so effectively subjugated african americans that i would think the elites have no reason to look elsewhere for greener pastures , said shawn .
places like this are only frequented by young drinkers if they 're passing by onto better pastures ; they pop in as virgins , see the state of it ( the walls are usually covered not with promotional material but with photos of some ancient local football team and pictures of the landlord and -lady ; doubtless the strapping men in the black and white photos , all white smiles and 70s bushy microphone hairstyles , are the same toothless and shiny - domed gimps now infesting the pub - maybe they talk of missed goals ? )
on the inner and higher side of the island , the rain forest stopped abruptly to open out on to a pasture of long grass .
helmut knew that meant he could not venture on to the pasture either for the same reason .
i glanced at my watch and deduced from the hour that if my older sister had nt been staying in the house and had to work or something , then she probably would nt have made it over to let the horses out into a shared pasture that was tucked behind our property line .
i led the horses to the pasture and had the stalls raked ( which , i might add , obviously had not been done regularly ) in just under an hour .
then , since i did nt have a key to the house , i climbed a large willow tree that grew at the end of the pasture and watched the horses nibble on the grass .
when i got back to my room i looked out the window and thought i saw him standing across the pasture , just inside of the trees , peering at me with eerie yellow eyes .
i turned the key and the engine roared to life as a dark cloud descended on the pasture .
which begged the question : if i was betrayed by the trees surrounding the pasture behind my foster parents home , why did nt the other trees on campus warn me ?
just about ready to be turned out to pasture , in rock years . ''
derrick and dane will collect the blood while the sheep handlers corral them into the upper pasture , where they will be quarantined until further notice .
corralling the sheep into the low pasture is taking a lot longer than anticipated .
dane is pleased to see what appears to be , the entire herd of sheep being held in the lower pasture .
right now the sheep are in the lower pasture .
there are several hundred feet of cattle fencing between the lower and upper pasture that will be used as a walkway for the sheep .
right before the entrance to the upper pasture corral is a hydraulic cattle chute .
the animal control officers have made their way to the upper pasture where the 150 head of sheep are being held .
derrick and dane proceed over to the upper pasture and ask if there is anything they can do .
i scan the pasture and catch derrick looking at me .
the entire herd of sheep is infected and we are holding the sheep in the upper pasture .
if their feces are infected , how are we going to control the parasite in the upper pasture ?
they have been held in the upper pasture this entire time .
he had the animal control officers transfer the sheep back to the lower pasture and built a special containment area on the upper pasture that allows the waste to be washed into a collection trough where it could be treated before it is disposed of .
he had the animal control officers transfer the sheep back to the lower pasture and built a special containment area on the upper pasture that allows the waste to be washed into a collection trough where it could be treated before it is disposed of .
who are all the people out there in the pasture and what are they doing ?
every inch of the pasture and meadow must be parasite free .
sometimes , though , denial was a happier pasture , covered in green grass and roaming cattle .
grub did nt resemble someone leaving a dangerous prison for greener pastures , but a person who was in the process of being moved from one hell to another .
chrissy continued , their voices slowly faded , and i found myself walking in a large , green pasture .
he nodded toward the pasture where one of his arabians was grazing , sampson threw a shoe in the night and given the state of things in the world at the moment i figured i was better off just attending to it myself .
the general pulled the shoe out of the water barrel and after inspecting it , walked out to the pasture to retrieve the shoeless horse as matt followed , yeah , one of the hands this morning told me they heard skanicum up on the north ridge last night which is what i m guessing spooked the herd and caused them to run .
matt was no stranger to the skills of a ranch hand so he walked out to the pasture , roped a mare and led her over to the tack shed to get her saddled up as the general came out of the shed with a pair of rifles and threw one to matt .
as the general and matt made their way out of the pasture and into the forest , hank approached them from behind on a palomino without a saddle .
a skilled military strategist would have known everything about the ranch before invading including the horse count and would have known that three horses were missing from the pasture today .
ted sat considering jesss comment with his hand to his chin , we know nothing for certain but i am in agreement that if they wanted one or all of us dead we would already be fertilizing the pasture .
you will have to climb the pasture fences on both sides which will slow you down and make you an easier target .
with both hands on his sword , matt spun around just as the soldier lunged toward him and after completing a full 360 degree spin , his sword sliced across the back of the soldiers neck , knocking him off his feet throwing him head first to the ground and he was dead before he hit the pasture .
they cleared the blacksmiths shop and made it to the first pasture fence before any other soldiers tried to stop them .
there were over 30 dead and bodies and body parts spread all across the north pasture .
gus was lost in his grief , sinking lower by the minute as he thought about the body of his dear friend general clancy laying in the pasture below .
they had dug a grave in the north pasture with an oil lamp for light and they were just about to place the body in the ground when they were interrupted by the rain locker herald .
he turned to the group and saw hank and gus unwrapping general clancys body as they laid him on the wet grass of the pasture .
hank picked up the oil lamp and began walking toward the shot - out cabin , skanicum comingwe should leave the pasture .
shay stood looking out the kitchen windows that opened out to the north pasture and while holding his coffee with both hands , warming them in the cool autumn air exclaimed , where are the dead soldiers ?
i know they were there last night because i tripped on several as i walked in here , said jess as he opened the door and walked toward the pasture followed by the rest of the group .
just before ted started to speak , gus could see horsa coming across the pasture obviously very surprised that all the dead soldiers were gone and as he started up the back steps gus responded , any second .
from their vantage point , they could see people fleeing into the mountains for safety including whatever farm animals had been fortunate enough to escape the confines of their pastures .
as moran looked around he could see that the skanicum was sitting in front of hanks small hut in the north pasture where hank spent most of his time and even though it was raining , he did nt seem at all affected by it and continued to sit at the fire .
the general smiled warmly at hank and pulled his blanket tighter to his body as a cold north wind blew down the mountainside into the pasture as the skanicum looked at the general and then at hank .
the bare winter landscape reflected hanks sadness and the once rich , green pasture was now white with snow , and all vegetation , flat and dead .
many of the volunteer men bend over and threw - up their own guts at the site of seeing so much human carnage and he remembered his first hand - to - hand battle experience in the north pasture of general clancys ranch .
interrupted jess , but , after the battle in your pasture , the skanicum ate all the dead did they not gus ?
alone , albert quietly spent two hours removing his remaining possessions from paradise winds , talking to her like an old mare ready for her final trip to pasture .
my desperate heart somehow wants to join them , but we jet pass this place towards the green rolling pastures just past the horizon .
* * * * * * * * * * amy stood staring into the pasture unable to move .
mazie pranced nervously at the far end of the pasture .
flo lay on the ground a few yards inside the pasture directly in front of amy .
grace rose and glanced around the pasture staring into the trees and brush beyond .
the land we have put a deposit on is a mixture of worn out cow pastures and over mature orange groves .
i did n't think much about that hole again but , one evenin , right at dusk , i was walkin on the edge of that pasture .
we had to pass through this discothque in the town of caldera to arrive at the cattle pasture , our destination .
but standing in the middle of a cattle pasture , knowing everyone was watching me , made it hard for me to get back into the ambiance , the feeling of my dream .
our mud - covered tires rested in front of a large , swinging gate which led into a grazing pasture for the kline 's horses .
twenty or so cows stood in a cluster in the middle of the pasture fenced .
the gun 's report rolled across the open pasture like thunder , seeming to bounce off the line of the trees ahead and roll back at the two running men .
will complained as he huffed across the pasture .
anyway , all i really know is that when i m put out to pasture , it ll be one with plenty of manure .
i crawled up the bank and stood at the edge of the woods and the pasture .
she could see the rain falling in slanted columns in the pastures .
its located south of here but near the metro city of huntsville with lots of horse pastures and crop fields .
they shot and killed all them bloody killing murderous outlaws that roamed the bread wheat plains , yellow corn fields , and buffalo pastures which welcomed in both safety and stability to them growing villages of true blooded americans like me and you , congressman .
they arrived at dusk , not getting a good eye search of the surrounding crop and pasture fields but hawk had stressed the farm cottage was safe and the new hideout .
as we made our way into the alley and over the fence into mr . johnson 's pasture i noticed how distant daddy seemed .
we had spread our wings and left this troubled planet behind in search of greener pastures .
kaylee 's rational mind had long since flown off to greener pastures , leaving her to wonder if she perhaps needed another tongue to say it .
he careened through the entrance of calf pasture beach , bouncing over a lawn area , scraping park benches , and luckily missing the stout trunks of the large oak trees that lined the entrance .
cow pasture i guess .
gail saw cattle loping about under the starlit pastures .
the trees , bushes , even the cows in the pastures , all wore the same red squalor of clay dust .
he was nearing the right edge of the pasture headed toward a clump of old oak trees about twenty yards in the distance .
they saw a man plundering around the woods on the south pasture and you well know i do nt allow that with anyone .
diverting her eyes , edie watched two field doves racing along the edge of a nearby pasture .
the ford county klavern was founded at midnight , thursday , july 11 , in a small pasture next to a dirt road deep in a forest somewhere in the northern part of the county .
the heavy hoods were removed , and the klansmen , both new members and old , walked proudly from the pasture and into the rustic cabin across the dirt road .
it turned into a dirt road that led to a small pasture where a large cross was being burned by a handful of kluxers .
the flaming cross illuminated the small pasture , discharging a glowing wave of heat that began to roast her as she wrestled with the pole and emitted strange , guttural noises .
he untied her and carried her to a small clearing away from the pasture .
sheriff said it was a pasture eleven miles east of here .
it was standing alone in a couple of acres of what once might have been meadow or pasture , but which was now nothing more than a briar patch crowded with sapling trees about six feet tall .
if you were successful , if you and the council could bribe or bully the local farmers to allow right - of - way through their pastures , cut swaths through the tree - line for the cable pylons and the ski - runs , the rest was publicity and amenities for the public to eat their sandwiches .
an alp , that one would think would be smaller than a berg - a hill , perhaps , or an upland pasture , as compared with a mountain .
twelve inches away , at the bottom of a sharp slope of sand , the small beetle was concerned only with trudging on towards better pastures than he had found under the thorn bush , and the swift rush of the scorpion down the slope gave him no1 time to open his wings .
' you certainly turned out to be a snake in my pastures . '
these reef - fish stick pretty well to the same pastures . ''
i think it 's time to put him out to pasture , papa . ''
a series of nine fences topped with barbed wire surrounded the five hundred acres of farm pasture and woodlands that made up the prison grounds of the southern louisiana penitentiary for women .
the whites goad us and move us around like cattle to pasture . ''
the shoulder was wide , bordering a pasture , which meant that both cars could be pulled off the road .
the remains of a jetliner scattered through a pasture .
and , besides ; they were confident of greener pastures just around the corner .
now , rosen , at the age of sixty - five and getting heavy , had been unanimously selected by his beloved colleagues to graze the gentler pastures of law office management .
so we 're off to greener pastures . ''
a patchwork quilt of hills , woods , and pasture rolled out on either side .
the black , paved pasture around rake field would overflow long before the opening kickoff , sending the out - of - town traffic into the dirt roads and alleys and remote parking zones behind the school 's cafeteria and its baseball field .
a glider can be pulled up from a field , a clear pasture .
` ` opfn fields or pastures close by the water reserves should be the designated landing sites , and once on the ground , the gliders will be blown up while our flyers race away in pre - positioned vehicles . ''
if i ' m allowed to go to pasture , i intend to graze well .
you were merely tolerated , a useless relic about to go to pasture , a drunk whose paranoid outbursts were the talk and concern of your colleagues .
` ` how can you do the things you 're doing for me when for all intents and purposes you ' ve been put out to pasture ? ''
21 morris panov sat listlessly in a chair by a window looking out over the pasture of a farm somewhere , he assumed , in maryland .
a small private plane could hop across the channel and land in a pasture where a car 's waiting to bring the man to paris . ''
the operation went as smoothly as any jason had ever engineered or been witness to , perhaps thanks to the flair of a resentful talented man who had been sent to the pastures too soon .
` ` we can drive half a mile down the road and turn into a pasture that will lead to the rear of the building .
he 's had a long , colorful career as a tax cheat , but now he 's out to pasture .
to the east of the old pasture of high grass , where barak lay , the gently sloping back lawn had been carved out of the forests and the fields , seeded with a caribbean fescue that was as smooth as a golf course ; the rocks , painted a shiny white , gave the appearance of whitecaps in a green sea .
he shielded the glass of his flashlight with his fingers and raced to a cluster of breadfruit trees at the northern end of the rock - strewn pasture .
on the far side of the lake were fields - pastures , for there were cattle grazing lazily .
in the huge pasture , men could be seen walking with staffs towards the clusters of livestock .
they were alone in the large pasture , awash with the vivid colours of the dying jamaican sun .
from there , the growing daylight rolled westward across verdant forests and pastures , gleamed off the white sand beach at praia formosa , and at last chased the night 's lingering shadows away from the treeless limestone plain surrounding the nomura pharmatech airfield .
trailing a dense cloud of gray and white smoke , it soared straight up , turned east , and then plummeted harmlessly to explode in the empty pastures beyond the perimeter fence .
the moon had grown progressively brighter ; they could see a small farmhouse in the center of the pasture , a barn at the end of a short roadway .
the tenants became the heirs of a thousand fields and pastures , streams and forests .
it is het '' they ran along the edge of the pasture on the border of the woods and climbed to the top of the ridge .
` ` dying war horses put out to pasture .
stunned , vasili looked behind him ; the fields stretched into pastures , the pastures into darkness .
stunned , vasili looked behind him ; the fields stretched into pastures , the pastures into darkness .
they entered a large compound ; at its center was a long one - story farmhouse , surrounded by pastures with cattle and a fenced - in corral holding a half dozen horses .
morning came in new jersey 's hunt country , the fairways and the pastures glistening with the sun and the early dew , and the quartet arrived approximately thirty minutes apart .
its geography varied from alpine peaks to deep gorges , pine forests , glacial lakes , pastures , fertile valleys , and even some desert .
the same clumps of forest and pasture also remained .
part of my job as a young associate for the law firm of j. lyman stone will be to hang out here and graze these pastures .
it was necessary to cross a wide dirt road to reach the overgrown pasture , fenced for livestock which were not now in evidence .
beyond the end of the curve , canfield saw that the ground leveled off into a pasture or overgrown field .
the level pasture was now on the left and canfield suddenly swerved the car toward it , going off the road , holding to the dirt border beyond the pavement .
until you went off to your ghetto and i went off to africacbasically put ourselves out to pasture , as far as they were concerned . ''
` ` maybe i ' m not looking for greener pastures , '' i said .
lots of coarse wormwood scrub , dwarf pine , with occasional patches of rich pasture .
a fertile valley floor , checkered with pastures , spread beyond the trees , ending at stark rolling foothills that steadily rose into highlands , then mountains .
he was his own man , crippled soldier of fortune , copper - skinned angel of death , and the status quo here did n't mean bullrag in a pasture to him .
there was a little pasture out back , and the mancos river formed the east border of the property .
... devlin had pulled the sleeping bag over her head , and she was trying to return to a beautiful dream - back at her home in colorado , a cool summer night , crickets chirping , purr of the river coming across the pasture and no moon , but a million stars .
but the pasture out back stood bare ; the river slacked off to a trickle .
a few nights ago , a pack of coyotes had moved through the pasture .
he sat for a moment on the floor near the window , a view of the moonlit pasture through the glass , just holding rachael 's shirt to his face , sliding his hands over the soft fabric , feeling the cloth between his fingers .
he could see the pasture in the distance , glowing under the full moon .
he walked into the backyard , stood looking through the windbreak of spruce trees into the pasture , spotted the herd of deer still scrounging the banks of the mancos river .
normally , i 'd banish her from my thoughts at the first flicker of a memory , but tonight i allowed her to remain , and watching the familiar roads wind between stands of forest and breaks of pasture , i imagined she sat beside me in the jeep .
she could smell her father 's pipe , see the long view from the porch - rolling pasture , barns , the soft bluegreen horizon of lush deciduous trees that would not survive one yukon winter .
in the autumn we 'd bring the rams through to the pasture to graze with the ewes , so that they could go on with the business of producing more lambs for the following spring .
that night i sat beneath the thatch of our cottage , gazing out over the pastures that rolled away from the farm as the sun went down .
there were stone walls on either side of us , the green pastures beyond interrupted by clusters of white sheep .
our meetings were held entirely in secret , snatched moments spent wandering the lanes between bristol and hatherton , riding in the pastures .
we rode as hard as we dared for over half an hour , until we had covered maybe eight miles of pasture , all of it uphill , our horses now becoming tired .
how long ago it had been i could n't say with certainty : enough time for scavengers to strip the field of battle but not enough for the bodies to be removed ; within the last day , i would have thought , judging by the state of the corpses and the blanket of smoke that still hung over the pasture - a shroud of it , like morning fog but with the heavy yet sharp scent of gunpowder smoke .
we were no longer in the battlefield but in some smaller pasture where men had assembled .
jack d'jarvis looked ready to be put out to pasture , and he 'd looked that way for the better part of three decades , but no one but a stranger was stupid enough to believe it .
his plan might actually be to capture and kill each of the women and then move on to new , safer pastures .
his car had gotten us to the interstate , and from there , we 'd walked in across the pastures where they could n't use motion detectors because of the horses .
maybe we should have hit the man , but then we 'd have to run out of here over the pastures .
my gaze lifted across the pastures , and i pulled my jacket tighter around my shoulders .
the air in here was warm , a sharp contrast to the cool , damp air rising into fog in the pastures .
` ` if you do n't want to ride the hunt , we can go over the pastures , but it 's a new moon , and i ' m getting on a horse . ''
martha told me they keep goats and sheep out in the pasture during the day , but they have to bring them in at night .
we are forever picking up our roots and moving on to new pastures .
white wooden fences separated different areas of the pastures , and cows of various colors were standing or lying in the fields , enjoying the last minutes of daylight .
i was just about to check out the cattle in the east pasture .
i looked around the pasture at the various brown and white cows , and then looked over to what i could see of the other pastures .
i looked around the pasture at the various brown and white cows , and then looked over to what i could see of the other pastures .
alanna scooped me up like i was no more trouble than a toddler and without another word , she blurred me to the pastures , where teren was laying waste to their cattle .
` ` he 's in the east pasture , about a quarter mile away . ''
julian knew exactly how nika felt about watching butterflies in the pastures , because he felt it .
their presence always in the back of my mind , i felt them outside with teren , still playing in the pastures .
as i walked into an empty pasture , to where i could sense teren and my children , i came across a scene that made my heart surge .
in the distance , as far as i could see to either side of the home , were the pastures .
shortly thereafter , they found themselves trotting down the steam - powered drop - staircase onto a grassy hilltop pasture near a diminutive forest .
below him , a farmer crossed a small pasture to a makeshift barn .
he felt her take his wrist and begin to pull him across the wet pasture .
she nodded her head , but she feared she 'd made a very bad mistake , even as she sent a calming wave to the restless animals huddled in the far corner of the pasture .
the ground rolled , opening a three - inch crevice from pasture to stable .
she would make her way down river to the next de la cruz property - a collection of cabins used when moving cattle to various pastures - and she would call in the hunters from there .
the rain settled into a steady drizzle and the ferocious wind calmed as she made her way across the paddocks and pastures to the very edge of the rain forest .
that would increase her chances of getting to the de la cruz pastures before zacarias discovered her .
in the distance , he could see a single black cloud churning madly , heading toward the pasture where the herd was bedded down for the night .
he swept his arm toward the hacienda and the wind changed course , following his direction , taking with it dozens of small fireballs to rain down across the pastures and structures .
a ribbon of icy water cut through the valley , meandering through several wide meadows used for pastures and winding in and out of groves of trees .
sometime soon these pastures would be forest .
disappointed somehow , i continued on as the artificial woods thinned and turned into rolling pasture .
she was n't listening until trent commented he might have to move his more sensitive industries to more friendly pastures .
down in the valley , they discovered a creek dissecting a green pasture .
his fake window still showed a live shot of one of his yearling pastures , the artificial light shining through the video screen to make a warm patch of glowing carpet .
the doors were open , and glenn 's authoritative voice drifted to hang over the sun - warmed pastures .
tails waving , the dogs began a methodical search : two in the nearby pastures , one through the building itself , i could n't help but notice that the handler assigned to the stables was using his skills , too , instead of relying on the dog 's nose alone , looking up into rafters and opening latched panels .
belt latched , i draped my arm on the open window and stared at the empty pasture .
i lifted my gaze beyond the expanse of empty pasture stood the wire of the compound 's fence .
we 'd be moving on in the morning , to pastures new .
with that , robert strode off toward the pasture .
but when he tore his mouth from hers to seek other pastures , she whispered , ` ` not here . ''
they passed fenced pastures and dark fields until they reached a long winding drive .
he was still eighteen , still the young man who 'd loved the sunny pastures and the clear blue water of the wilderness .
i'l be sure to mend that fence at the far end of the pasture as soon as i return , '' i lied .
part of me simply wanted to pick up and head back to ivinghoe , where the only thing i had to concern myself with was a cow that had kicked over the pasture fence .
below them , the world spread out , dotted with trees and lush green pastures .
they landed in the middle of a green pasture , surrounding by forested mountains .
marielle ran across a pasture in the moonlight .
at one moment pasha and serge were squinting at a herd far out in a frozen pasture , and in the next moment , all of the animals were standing in front of them , terrifyingly large , shaking their antlers , snorting and pawing the ground as if eager to get going .
dan was a few feet ahead , strolling toward the north pasture , and aden rushed to catch up with him .
aden scanned the pasture , then glanced behind him to gauge just how well the dregs could see him from the bunkhouse if they happened to be watching from the windows .
` ` we 'll begin our tour in the far pasture , '' she said .
he and brendal reached the far edge of the pasture , where a wood and wire fence blocked the animals from the surrounding field .
i heard that you 'd left blue marsh for greener pastures . ''
` ` yes , it used to be a horse pasture a long time ago .
` ` i would like to examine this pasture . ''
mountains rolled into the distance and between them lay an emerald - green pasture .
astamur got up and went toward the pasture .
` ` ... the great giant - adau saw the strange herd of horses in his pasture .
it really messed me up , which was way too much drama for my boyfriend , so he moved on to greener pastures .
maybe we should move to greener pastures . ''
she moved toward the nearest pasture , drawn by the scent of blood .
maybe a country scene , with baby animals frolicking in a green pasture , or perhaps scenes depicting the disney princesses .
open land changed to fenced pastures .
* * * ` ` this is cool , '' macy and luanne , hair blowing in the wind , stood on the lower rung of the white board fence and watched the sheep in one of the o'neill 's pastures , while wynn and dori talked about the farm the o'neill 's ran .
* * * ashe floated over the five mobile homes lined up neatly in the pasture behind his home .
` ` that 's over the o'neill 's pasture , '' neil muttered grimly .
if that pasture catches on fire , we 'll have to get the lambs out . ''
his backpack fit well enough even after he changed to mountain lion , and it was simple enough to sneak out of the house and race away as an animal , until he arrived at the designated pasture .
macy and luanne had gone on and on about the lambs and calves in the o'neill 's pastures , and had visited with dori and wynn several times .
` ` somebody set some off in one of the o'neill 's pastures .
` ` are they gon na be out in the pasture behind the house ? ''
spotting his father and radomir in the pasture behind the house , ashe zoomed his mist in that direction .
neither of them wanted to admit to their parents that they 'd disobeyed and gone out to the pasture to look around .
* * * toff waded through tall grass as he followed father willow toward the higher pastures .
toff trotted through frost - covered pastures to keep up with father willow 's longer legs .
the summer pasture was a good hour 's walk from the village .
` ` father willow sent me toward a stand of trees , when we did n't find her in the pasture . ''
do not think i have my head in the pastures all the time , '' father willow snapped .
the location was higher in the mountains above the nearby city , fenced pasture lay all about me and there was a sprawling home in the distance .
` ` over on the southwest pasture .
it was exhilarating to rise above the fences and take off over the pastures .
he and the other eleven went to their knees in the pasture , waiting for something to come .
many of his ranch employees used golf carts and four wheelers to drive through pastures and check on the brood mares and yearlings .
now he lay dead in randall wilburn 's horse pasture , his eyes wide and staring sightlessly at the stars overhead .
even here , where fields and pastures and farms stretch out beyond the recorder hall porch all the way to the far wall , you ca n't escape the boxes .
each field and pasture and farm is blocked off in careful fences , each fence measured out centuries ago , on sol - earth , before the ship launched .
the hills in the pastures are designed to be evenly spaced , exactly placed bumps of grass for sheep and goats who do n't realize that their hills are just carefully organized , manufactured mounds of dirt and compost .
i 'd like to just walk about the fields a bit , visit the sheep pastures , wander aimlessly on a ship whose path was determined centuries ago .
the pastures and fields are divided by dark green hedges or brown fence posts .
i run through rows of corn that are as tall as my shoulders ; i race along the fence dotted with white puffs of sheep and goats who keep their distance from the low fence surrounding the pasture .
the sheep pastures kept flooding .
i can see the blur of green pastures below .
and the pasture on which they used to graze .
when we get to the last turn , we go by a small pasture that has some mares placidly grazing and i ' ve been told that three of them are with foal by him and we shall have some fine colts and fillies by summer .
from the road , the house looked like a dirty speck in an endless yellowing pasture .
no longer did i live in a dirty speck in a green , treeless pasture .
it looks tiny all on its own , like a single lamb that has gotten lost in the wrong pasture .
he makes me to lie down in green pastures : he leads me beside the still waters .
expecting to see green pastures , i recoiled .
she heard the mailman 's truck at the bottom of the hill and sometimes even the cows mooing in the pasture a half - mile away .
as if the gazebo and town carnival had n't been enough to tip me off , i saw a man with a reflector vest and a flashlight directing traffic as soon as josh pulled into a pasture .
yeah , that 's right , crowd control in pastures is key to small - town life .
before i knew it , liz was joining me on the ground , followed by macey , who bolted for the trees that lined the edges of the pasture .
running down the road in twilight , winding around the little curves near my house , jogging past the cow pastures and a rustic red barn , i keep waiting for ty to sprint up behind me , announcing that he punched dad in the face or something .
we find gael in the greenbriar pasture , inspecting a yearling 's hoof .
out in the pasture , horses bully each other around food and water ; lead horses get their fill before others get a bite or a sip , and if a horse that 's low in the pecking order tries to butt in , he 'll get bitten or kicked .
after the races , at twilight , i ' m hanging out by the greenbriar pasture , watching star graze .
i unlock the fence and head into the pasture .
nodding , i pat star 's neck and exit the pasture .
jack purses his lips and looks at the next pasture over , where mares are grazing with their young .
without a word , i abandon jack by the pasture , haul ass back to hillcrest , and rush into my shoebox of a room , slamming the door shut behind me , rattling the picture of my mother hanging by the door .
if i 'd stayed out by the pasture , if i had n't pushed jack away , he would ' ve kissed me .
for his punishment , i ' m withholding carrots and he is n't allowed to play in the pasture with the fillies for a week .
friday afternoon after i ' ve visited star in the pasture , i meet gael in his office in the manor house to watch racing film .
i make it all the way to greenbriar pasture before i start sobbing .
he gestures at the pasture .
i hang out with star the rest of the day , cleaning up his manure and letting him graze in the pasture .
at dusk , i ' m standing in greenbriar pasture , lecturing the young filly that 's causing me all sorts of trouble .
jack pulls me against his chest , right in the middle of the pasture .
a bright afternoon sun spilled light over green pastures with picturesque sheep grazing in the distance .
razor gave an excited buzz from keirran 's shoulder , leaped to the top of the first wire , and darted into the pasture .
the wind here was cool , and the wooded hills beyond the pasture seemed to go on forever .
` ` huh , '' she said in a neutral voice , then looked out over the pasture again , at the sheep racing through the grass like frantic clouds .
no cars passed us ; except for an owl and the flocks of sheep , snoozing in their pastures , we were alone .
she shivered , rubbing her arms as a cold breeze blew across the pasture , smelling of sheep and wet grass .
` ` wait , i know where we are , '' keirran said , looking reluctant as we slipped over the fence into the pasture .
' i 'll just toss the guards into the pasture , okay ?
as soon as i regain my strength , we begin to make our way on foot through forests , pastures , and farmland , traveling mostly at night to escape detection .
but before i could even formulate my apology , he 'd entered our last coordinate and the egg took off , shooting us out of the hangar , past the cube of the academy building , and then through the pastures and mud huts and chimra pens of the alwon kabarak .
she issued a low , gurgling call , like a cow in the pasture lowing for her calf .
a horse neighed from a nearby pasture .
you thought i was going to be one of those artists who painted amish buggies and cow pastures , huh ? ''
the king james mall had been built on top of an enormous old dairy pasture .
the other part faces an open pasture with a barn .
right over the next hill is scott 's pasture and his back barn .
i turn my back to her and push forward - through the tall grass of the pasture , toward the red barn .
this morning , the slick dew covering ryan 's pasture permeates past my worn shoes to my socks .
a cold breeze blows through the open pasture , causing goose bumps to prick my arms .
` ` you can move a car across a pasture , but you ca n't see your own brother . ''
he keeps his arm around my shoulder and leads me back into the pasture .
with pride , i watch ryan stride across the pasture .
raised on secret pastures . ''
plus , folks are in a good mood lately what with the iavii people who used to crawl all over these parts havin ' taken off for greener pastures .
she reached the turnoff for evangeline and kept driving , heading east toward the green allure of nearby breaux bridge 's loamy pastures .
the car passed a ranch called the lone range , where three palomino horses grazed in a rectangular pasture .
we have the music cranked and the scenery 's flying by - the low - slung clouds , the pastures , the arbuckle mountains of southern oklahoma .
` ` the king wants a champion - and you could n't shoot a cow in a pasture ! ''
i had half - expected there to be ogres and trolls and other of napoleon 's minions hanging about , but instead there are gently rolling hills going off into the distance , marked with neat pastures and farmsteads .
` ` you 're doing really well , '' says wendy , watching me from the fence as i ride the horse slowly around the edge of the pasture .
in the distance i see two men on horseback , galloping toward the big red barn at the end of the pasture .
in seconds we 're in a full gallop , whipping across the far side of the pasture .
we were sitting on the pasture fence at the lazy dog , watching his dad break in a colt , the leaves in the trees red just like they are today .
epilogue ` ` look at me , look at me , '' web shouts from midas 's back , as tucker leads him around the pasture .
i set my lemonade down and stand up , step off the porch to walk toward the pasture , passing through the shadow of the big red barn , the sky overhead empty and blue .
having had enough desert for a lifetime , starkey deemed that they take the amtrak north to greener , lusher pastures .
` ` well , drew why do n't y' all take the blanket and goody basket your grandmother made up and head out to the west pasture .
now you treat her right drew garrett mathews or i will kick your ass up and down the west pasture do you hear me ?
i hopped into the jeep and we set off for the west pasture .
jeff said as were mending the fence in the east pasture .
` ` well i do n't ever intend on hurting her but that is good to know dude ... .. '' jeff and i spent most of the morning fixing the back east pasture fence .
while they took off gunner and i made a bee line down to the south pasture and slowly walked along the river bank while the horses grazed in the field .
jefferson and garrett seemed to be in a deep conversation as i noticed gunner standing up against the railing looking out into the dark pasture .
i have a strict rule ... no one out in the pastures by themselves . ''
i 'll be in the north pasture . ''
it butts up to the north pasture of the mathews ranch .
we were in that same pasture , gunner and i were under the big oak and i kept turning around and seeing all these people looking at us .
anyway , gunner needs help feeding the cows and repairing the fence in the south pasture .
i have her out in a pasture right now .
we left them out in the back pasture for about a week . ''
' because we is meant to be in the middle of london and suddenly we is in green pastures . '
john could bare contain himself ; he were huffing through his nose like a bull in pasture .
herding us like sheep out to one pasture or the other . ''
and of course there was that night two years ago , when conor and his brothers had stood against a brazen pack that had tried to steal sheep out of their pen in the high pasture .
i know you 're nice , and you were raised in sheep pastures , but you ca n't be that oblivious . ''
the unusual slopes and angles of the contemporary library contrasted sharply with the neighboring old barn and fenced pastures .
some distance away , a pair of horses watched the commotion from the pasture adjoining the barn .
` ` you really are n't supposed to come into the pasture , '' the horse said in a friendly , masculine voice .
the horse started cantering across the pasture .
the buildings appeared vacant , but cattle and sheep roamed some nearby pastures .
beyond , the ground was level , open , and overgrown , probably part of an old pasture gone to seed .
but that made no sense , because this building was all stone and really far out , way off by its lonesome in the woods and well away from fields and pasture .
they 'd made their camp in a long - abandoned farmstead : a motley collection that included an old two - story farmhouse , hog barn , cow barn , silo , and a clutch of tumbledown outbuildings hemmed on all sides by wide pastures and distant knolls where they mounted a few lookouts .
a handful of yapping dogs raced and rolled on a near fan of land rising east to a knoll and then to pasture .
she 'd hoped that dad would be there , looking at the night through a big picture window facing the high heifer pasture .
scanning the acres of pasture around us , i realized what the difference was .
i need to be thinking about bringing the ponies in from the pasture and adjusting the thoroughbreds ' feed and how i will keep my little flat above the stable warm tonight , but i am thinking of the news thomas gratton brought .
outside , i hear dove whickering where the pasture meets the yard ; she wants her handful of grain .
chapter twelve puck the morning is raw and pink as i make my way out to dove 's pasture .
i reply , ` ` next time you can cast your seeing eye into the pasture before i walk through the mud . ''
i try to pretend i ' m up in the muddy pasture .
we 're passing by one of the pastures that malvern owns , and there is a splendid spread of broodmares grazing among the green .
the ground is soft and scented lightly with horse manure as i start down the roads toward the shoreline that borders most of malvern 's pastures .
the only signs of civilization are the stone walls that mark malvern 's pastures .
the land is all perilous , low cliffs , cracked and cut deeply into the green : pasture and then suddenly empty air and then pasture again .
it 's coming from out in the pasture .
it 's another one , i think , that 's pushed down the fence on the other side , that 's in the pasture with us , not even three nails a board to keep us alive .
three mares stand at the gate , pressing , desperate to get in - they 're broodmares from some of malvern 's far - flung pastures on the way to hastoway .
closer to the main building , another groom leads a dusky gray with a soaking coat back toward one of the pastures .
grooms with horses going out to pasture , riders taking thoroughbreds out to the gallops for their run , stable boys sweeping down the cobbles .
as he led them across a vast cow pasture , he did n't duck his head against the rain .
both he and piper were silhouetted against the window that looked into the cow pasture .
here it was more saturated still : pastures green and gold ; barns red and white ; dense , messy autumn roses hanging on crowded bushes ; purple , drowsy mountains half - hidden behind the tree line .
the town was flanked by pastures dotted with farmhouses and cattle , as small and tidy as a model railroad layout .
once upon a time , cattle had grazed in these front pastures , cattle of every color .
and it was certainly one of the cattle that had occupied this pasture before niall lynch had died .
and then , as they ran into the surrounding pastures , there was no sound at all .
what had conor ever learned of strategy and leadership in a sheep pasture ?
that night , as conor stood watch over the others , he reveled in the wide , starry peace of the euran pasture for what might be the last time in a long , long while .
my bare feet making no noise on the asphalt , i led rye to a quieter back road near the house and together we walked down the dead middle of it , watching the mist move and shift slowly over the cow pasture to our right .
seeing his face lighten , i added another verse about the dangers of cow pastures and men who stayed near them .
she tugged the edge of the circle larger , so i could see that the man sat in the middle of the cow pasture near my house , the one where i 'd seen the white rabbit .
there was no way i was going to make it to the road , much less to the cow pasture , before they caught me .
my feet slapped hard against the asphalt , and i stole glances over at the cow pasture on my right , looking for anything i 'd recognize from una 's glowing vision of thomas rhymer .
there was nothing saying that things would be all right once i found him in the cow pasture , but they would be .
gasping , i ran to the edge of the cow pasture , hoping at least for some iron barbed wire that would slow the hounds down , but there was only a board fence .
i followed dylan and worm along a path that wound through pastures of grazing sheep before a lung - busting ascent up a ridge .
the cow looked at me , i looked at the cow , and the cow cried chicken first : it bellowed a warning call to its buddies and whirled away , mud and cow crap flying from its hooves as it took off across the pasture .
in the battle soldiers fought , cities were burned , green pastures turned to desert , and the people of many lands were hunted and destroyed .
alternate steep rocky escarpments and shallow rising pastures built up in a fairly orderly manner towards a central point .
this area was the deer gardens , and a large herd of red deer roamed across the rocks and pastures there .
they farmed the sheep and goats on the hilly pastures below the tree line .
the shepherds still graze their flocks on the higher pastures during the brief summer months , but there are fewer shepherds than before .
first he claimed ill health , and then resigned due to personal problems , and disappeared , moving on to pastures new .
they took the gentle hints and decided to rapidly relocate to pastures new .
all the naval architects , excluding her friend who had moved on to pastures new a few months earlier , were at their boards , or into their cad programmes in record time , and each one was given the same instruction , come up with something quick , and think big .
are they held in stables or on pastures ?
the dairy section of their operation produced an over abundance of milk on their higher elevation mountain pastures that was processed into delicious cheeses and dairy products that were famous throughout the colony .
good morning lilly ann , maam , gentlemen , he tipped the brim of his head , i had a herd of cattle brought down from the pastures this morning .
its mr . turner , jimi could hardly get the words out , we were removing a fallen tree on the pasture behind the farm .
with roaring engine , dragging a dramatic cloud of dust and hay behind him he raced the huge vehicle onto the pasture .
even on his discharge papers , when he was finally put out to pasture had he put in the rank / rating box - caf ( a / e ) .
in days of yore , populations in affected areas either moved to greener pastures or died back to a sustainable level .
just so you do n't feel like i ' m shoving you out to pasture , pisces or a cutter will always be operating in your immediate area under your command .
the first thing i noticed was how clear creek , mostly lined with sycamores and the occasional locust , curved back and forth across flat pasture land that was covered with thick grass .
anna gently laid the reins on the side of the horses neck a beautiful chestnut mare that i had noticed grazing in the pasture behind annas house .
there was plenty of open cleared farm pasture around us .
toby called up front to boo , he 's headed for that farm pasture across the street and up a block .
thor hopped off the truck and opened a gate in the roadside fence and boo continued into a pasture .
either way , he was only seconds from the pasture where we were hiding .
thor carried mannequin santa ' and we all sprinted to the end of the pasture , just as charlie returned to earth with a thud .
within seconds decoy kris kringle left the pasture behind .
it also had several stock ponds scattered around it , good pastures and millions of trees .
there was only one drawback that tommy could think of ; the eastern pasture butted up against lake tenkiller .
they agreed they would decide where to build the house , barn , stables , corrals , exercise yards , and what areas would be used as pasture when and if they decided to buy the land .
hell go wild and get real dangerous , austin observed , as they watched the animals move one step at a time across the pasture .
he looked out across the pastures at his horses and their foals .
to think that we go along every day taking for granted the wonders all around us only to jump in a car and head out to see a two - hundred year old tree someones enclosed behind a fence in a back pasture or some fossilized bones they found down by the creek .
the shepherd waved to them as he led his flock up the hill into a pasture enclosed by a dilapidated fieldstone wall .
he looked out over the pasture where the flash had lit up the sky .
the goat was in the pasture with a kid .
she looked at the huge pasture .
she finished her wine and looked out across the pasture .
he looked over his shoulder toward the pasture .
do you know for a fact that the pasture is fenced ?
i thought all pastures were fenced .
instead , she found herself turning toward the pasture at a run .
if david found john in the pasture and they rode double on rocky , they could actually beat her back to the house .
the courtyard was empty but something caught her eye in the pasture behind the house .
he s up in the far pasture looking for you .
john learned to gather wood and peat for the fire , to daily reset his rabbit traps , to clean out the horses stalls with his dad , to move the sheep from one pasture to another and then home every night to the safety of their paddock .
i see it every time i move em to a new pasture .
later , she helped john bring in the sheep from the pasture and the horses from the paddock .
even so , before dinnera cold dinner of leftover rabbit with green tomato preserves from the lardershe set john to constructing a target of straw in the back pasture .
gon na check on the sheep in the far pasture .
next time , he decided , he would leave the horse behind and just walk the two miles to the pasture .
i m sitting in a pasture at night with a gun protecting a flock of sheep .
and here he was sitting out in the middle of a pasture a hundred miles from nowhere in the middle of the frigging night , waiting to shoot someone for messing with his sheep .
she realized she did nt even care about the rain , about how it affected her intention to tack up dan and go keep john company at the north pasture .
she was halfway to the pasture before shed realized she was wearing only a thick wool knitted cap for protection against a fall .
she left the road after fifteen minutes and let the horse pick his way through the snowy pasture .
he sat on his pony as still as a statue , watching the flock and scanning the surrounding scrub and pasture .
then she looked at john and watched him as he continued to scan the horizon , the brush and the rest of the pasture .
later that evening , david returned from the pasture .
john had gotten the idea to spell out u.s.a . in white stones on the upper pasture so that when the rescue helicopter finally came for them , someone would know there were americans living there .
he had milked them , fed them , and returned them to the pasture .
she backed out of the coop , glad that john had gone to the sheep pasture .
david examined the broken fence by the eastern pasture .
it would ve made sense to butcher the cow in the pasture rather than try to steal it on the hoofconsidering the speed at which cows moved that would have been seriously counterproductive .
david shook his head and looked at seamus who stared peacefully out across the pasture .
staring at the goat butter bubble in a hot pan ; watching an arc of roseate terns swoop languidly over the snowy pasture ; cleaning up after one of the dogs .
the thought of going out into the pasture or on any of the trailseven with a group of other ridershad terrified her .
she had even fed her horse and released him back into the pasture before allowing a friend to drive her to the hospital .
then the tapes ran when she rode in the pasture or on the beautiful trails that wound up and around the chattahoochee river near the barn where she boarded her horse .
somewhere off in the pasture , she heard a bird singing .
when david got back , they would move them back to the pasture and take turns watching over them as they grazed .
a kind of broken down cottage or something across the pasture a ways .
in the morning , both horses had hobbled out into the surrounding pasture and the rain had stopped .
but i m afraid if i move them back to the pasture i wo nt have any sheep left come spring .
dierdre and seamuss bedroom faced the back garden with a view of the well and the back pasture , but shed left the front door open in her hurry and the voices carried easily to her .
the horses i untacked , stashed their saddles and bridles in the barn , and turned them out into your cow pasture .
the ones you turned out into the pasture ?
again , sarah fought the impulse to gallop dan across the pasture in a more direct route to town .
sarah decided to stay mounted in case she needed to make a run for it although the thought of galloping across miles of snowy pasture with fences and stonewalls hidden from view did not sound like a good plan .
she screamed , her eyes scanning the entrance to the pasture and the little back courtyard outside the kitchen door .
the gypsies had killed most of the livestock except for the two ponies , star and ned , who had been in the pasture .
if they were on horseback as was generally assumed , they d have to come down either the main road or across the pastures .
he jogged carefully through the underbrush in the light woods that surrounded the pastures .
brendan had warned him not to but he stood , undecided , on the verge of the pasture which bordered the main road .
you would if you d just spent two hours standing in the middle of a pasture trying to fix a gap in the fence .
she turned away from the pasture .
about a half - mile through nothing but weeds and cow pasture and there was a house ahead among a grove of oak trees .
a dynamite company had leased the pasture behind us and they stored gun powder in trailers all along the back forty .
i passed by texas a & m university , which had now spread itself out into the old cow pastures west of the main campus , and the college appeared to be bursting at the seams .
sodium arc lamps lit up a huge pasture area .
there were cows out there in the pasture , black silhouette humps that cast long shadows from the far - away parking lot and building .
a broad thing , cutting through hills and forests and pasture lands .
we came up from a shallow gully onto an expansive pasture with a bulging hill .
its name is lazy pastures .
i ve been trying to search the births and deaths on the website belonging to lazy pastures .
the website is the lazy pastures nursing home , said haleton .
lazy pastures nursing home website came into focus .
the scroll might have been placed in a coffin by a man from lazy pastures nursing home .
the grim reaper has been busy visiting the lazy pastures nursing home these past twenty years .
and in late spring , when our grasslands begin to dry out , our flocks must cross erlan 's borders to reach summer pastures .
summer pasture ?
the lower pastures go brown in summer .
' my lady , do you remember the little goat pasture of the luxembourg ? '
mana set off towards the cliffs , but after a few moments she pulled miriam back to where the trees bordered the pasture .
he could see him clearly now , strolling up the long , green pasture .
in an instant , the fields and pastures were replaced .
no arable land ; only pastures to create wealth .
deep in a cow pasture in the heart of texas suddenly there was a bright flash of white light .
not only am i in a pasture full of cow dung i landed on a tree stump - that s what caused the tilted feeling inside .
captain scarburg did nt know at the time , but pegasus had plopped itself down in a cow pasture a mile or two northwest of the little texas town of celina .
dusting off his pants he left pegasus sitting alone in the pasture , and began walking in the direction of the automobile sounds .
captain scarburg had cursed his lack of ability to discern colors on his arrival in the cow - pasture , but now he was thankful - had it not been for the captains monotone vision this person would have blended into the surrounding foliage of the trees , shrubs and evergreens , totally camouflaged .
clem took the iphone from him , and looked at the pictures of the cow pasture the captain had taken when he first landed .
this is the same sensation the captain was observing standing on that stump in the middle of the cow pasture in nowhere texas .
mike , the wild blue yonder is a cow pasture about forty miles north of dallas and just a bit north west of a place named celina , texas .
this pasture seems to be lacking those experts and forget about the watery landing spot just tell me how i can turn this red light off .
before the hatch closed and re - sealed captain scarburg reached into a small , drawstring , black velvet bag and removed a six inch bronze circular plaque , hurrying to the hatch he tossed the object out into the dew - covered grass of the pasture .
the sound of escaping air was the same sound captain scarburg and clem had heard as they stood in the midnight darkness , miles from anywhere , in a deserted cow pasture forty miles north of dallas , texas .
he went on to tell how he had taken the next two shots of the cow pasture in texas after his landing .
he had to point out how pegasus landed in a pasture about forty miles north of dallas , outside the town of celina .
i was supposed to arrive at 12:30 on friday november 22 , 1963 ; however , i plopped down in that pasture on wednesday the 20th , two days early .
captain scarburg then explained what he saw in and around the cow pasture .
the captain told them about leaving the meeting and his trip to the cow pasture in celina , texas .
he did remember grandpa scarburg said he landed in a cow pasture north of dallas .
grandpa said he landed in a cow pasture .
we must , surely , be in grandpas texas cow pasture ! !
the cow pasture forrest and olive marie managed to get out of pegasus using the portable ladder .
standing in the pasture of brown grass , they could not see a grove of trees , or an old barn .
a quick survey of the pasture revealed wherever they had landed , it surely was nt summer here .
forrest now could confirm he was in grandpa scarburgs cow pasture .
now forrest began to doubt they were in the right cow pasture , he was nt even sure they were in texas .
it had to be , how many pastures would have the grove of trees , the cows , the oil wells and this old barn with an ancient ford truck sitting inside .
forrest remembered his grandpa had told about how he traveled from one parallel universe back forty - nine years and arrived in the cow pasture in another parallel universe .
it meandered across the pasture toward the outline of a big grove of trees about a quarter of a mile away toward the east .
if olive could get this old truck moving , and follow this meager path in the pasture they just might get out of there alive .
leaving the pasture they made a right turn onto a more substantial road .
yeah , right , but we have another problem forrest , the tank was full when we left grandpas cow pasture , but by the time we get to clint murdocks estate we will be running on fumes .
for the last five minutes , it had been sitting in full view in the cow pasture , northwest of celina , texas with its entrance hatch opened widely awaiting someone to enter ; however , no one would enter since the two people it was waiting on were at this very minute traveling down the snowbound texas highway 279 from celina to dallas , texas .
that would be 12:30 p.m. , wednesday , november 20 , 1963 in your cow pasture near celina , texas .
let pegasus settle down in the same cow pasture .
wait a minute , captain , you want to go back to the cow pasture ?
correct , if forrest and olive arrived on wednesday at 12:30 and pegasus returned home on thursday at 12:30 , one fact is known for sure : forrest and olive were not in the cow pasture .
i want to begin my search for them at their last known position , in the pasture northwest of celina , texas .
sent it to my cow pasture close to celina .
when do you want me to return pegasus from the cow pasture back to the launch facility here in the laboratory ?
that should give us all plenty of time to accomplish our objectives and assemble at the cow pasture .
i hid the weapon in a hole in a tree close to the old barn in the cow pasture .
i am going to take two more 1911s with me one i will keep with me and the other i will hide in the same squirrel hole in the same tree in the cow pasture just remember , only use it if you deem it absolutely necessary .
each of you will have a map to the cow pasture .
all right , then i think all that is left is loading my equipment , saying my goodbyes and let you guys know ill see you all in dallas , if not earlier , surely at the cow pasture when we leave to come back , and i want to assure the rest of you staying we will be coming back .
regardless , he wondered if he were in his cow pasture ?
on his previous trip he had been in a different universe , now it was 12:34 , thursday , november 21 , 1963 in a totally different world , and in this parallel universe it was snowing like the blazes in his texas cow pasture .
the captain should be fine if he got out of pegasus when it arrived in the cow pasture .
remember i said think , and exactly thirty - two hours later , at 6:00 p.m. friday i , along with the rest of the pegasus flight control group , will attempt to move the machine from the school book building to the cow pasture northwest of celina , texas .
the reason we are moving it back to the cow pasture is just in case forrest and olive marie , for some reason , get an opportunity to return , they will go to the place where they arrived .
this will allow you to enter pegasus and be transported to the cow pasture close to celina .
if for some reason , you miss this narrow window of opportunity you must and i repeat , you must physically be at the cow pasture no later than 11:55 on saturday , november 23 .
i had given those items to you right before i left from the cow pasture , the pasture that s at the end of the saddleback gulch trail .
i had given those items to you right before i left from the cow pasture , the pasture that s at the end of the saddleback gulch trail .
just remember , be at the cow pasture no later than 11:55 saturday .
he correctly reasoned this was forrest and olive maries transportation from the cow pasture .
the captain ended his conversation saying if they did not meet at the ponderosa they all would meet saturday in the cow pasture northwest of celina .
he reminded them that once they had wound up their surveillance to meet them at the ponderosa if they have time , if not , he cautioned , they must be , and he reemphasized - must be at the cow pasture not later than 11:55 a.m. tomorrow .
chapter fifty - three back to the cow pasture hey sis get on the phone to grandpa .
oh yeah , this old , brown , sweat stained , tattered cowboy hat i m now wearing you presented this to me right before i left the cow pasture and returned to 2012 .
the captain explained that tomorrow they were going to drive back up saddlehorn gulch , find the cow pasture and replace the two vehicles in the barn where they found them ; however , they had two small problems : both the old ford truck and the army jeep were running on fumes both vehicles fuel tanks were almost empty .
around 9:00 a.m. clem suggested , with the snowfall of a couple nights ago , it might be wise to leave the ponderosa in plenty of time to get to the cow pasture in case they run into some big snowdrifts .
we are leaving for the cow pasture and our rendezvous with our ride back to the 21st century .
look , just ahead , forrest announced as they topped the last hill , there s the cow pasture , i believe we are going to make it .
amazing grace the tracks of the ford truck and the army jeep were still visible , however slight , in the snow from the time they had driven out of the cow pasture earlier .
precisely at the same time , this exclamation was made , they saw the red gumball machine flashing brightly from atop the police car that was swiftly approaching the cut in the fence that leads into the pasture .
the police car continued racing toward them from across the pasture .
and pegasus left friday evening just as we had discussed , and it returned here to the cow pasture .
bud wrong is not a descriptive enough word , for the do - do we are in , and i m not talking about that cow stuff lying around outside in the cow pasture .
the departure time back to our cow pasture was also correct .
putting his finger on destination he explained that the gps coordinates shown were not for washington , d.c . but for the cow pasture where they were now sitting .
no , it was nt that swamp in africa , in fact , it was nt africa at all it was his cow pasture .
on the spot where the large cow pasture and old oil wells will be in the future , now an immense forest of primeval hardwood and pine trees intermingled with an abundance of mesquite flourished .
turning his attention from the changed scenery of his cow pasture to his unconscious crew he began trying to revive them .
i was hoping i was wrong , but i believe we are indeed in the same cow pasture but by the look of things outside its not 1963 .
but on my first trip , once inside pegasus , i was able to talk to him from this very same cow pasture .
the captain explained how the arrival gauge had been changed from 2012 to 1812 , but the destination was still set for the cow pasture near celina , texas .
we are at your mercy mike , please do something we need to get out of this 1812 cow pasture here in texas .
the melodious notes from the bagpipes rendition of amazing grace filled the surrounding air of the ancient cow pasture , which utterly astounded the two indians .
penelope , lj and i made so much money on that iron bowl that i went to see mr . larry brock , and i bought that cow - pasture of his and all of the four thousand five hundred acres that went with it , he even throwed in that old , green , ford pick - up truck and your army jeep .
he was watching the rabbits in the pasture to the west .
grandpa loved to ring the bell for lunch , it was one of the cow - bells from times past , he imagined the cows in the pastures and the way things were .
over the years pa & co had worked hard to develop a vegetable farm , they had turned over the pastures near to the house and gradually built up a productive set of crops .
richard watched the severe northern landscape give way to a more condescending farmland supporting sheep , a few pigs and on the next day , lush pastures supporting villages and towns flowed past the window .
she picked up her bag and started towards the low stone wall separating the pasture from the grounds of a thatched , stone cottage .
he makes me lie down in green pastures , he leads me beside quiet waters , he restores my soul .
i just remembered that i left our horses out in the pasture .
i m sure they ll be fine out in pasture overnight .
i told you that the horses would be alright out in the pasture .
you left the horses out in the pasture last night , do nt you remember ?
amandine had assured john that her fathers grounds were enormous , containing numerous leas , stables , pastures , wine cellars , sheds , and woodlands to keep his pursuers occupied .
cold breeze welcomed them as they travel swiftly through the grassland where wild deers grazed upon the green pasture .
he dismounted , unsaddled and unbridled the sorrel mustang , and let him limp off into the pasture while ramn rode on ahead .
they looked down to a distant flat at a group of mexican buildings , and as father sun crept over the mountains to greet the day , cha made out at least a hundred horses in the pasture between the buildings and the sea .
he and his men were to be a diversion , attracting the vaqueros while sahma and the bulk of the men drove away the horses from the pasture between the hacienda and the sea .
in the distance he could see his men pushing the large herd of horses out of the pasture .
ramn studied the barn then stood in his stirrups to look out over the pasture beyond .
muoz glanced around , and when he saw the empty pasture and the house stripped of belongings , he knew why .
a lone carreta rested near the corral , and an ox grazed in the pasture , unbothered by the carnage surrounding it .
by the time the stock was driven into the pasture and the men had dismounted , old estobans eyes were filled with tears .
the runway lights vanished into the ground and only the wind driving the rain could be heard in the breaking light blowing across the top of the waves cresting the black mud , green pasture and golden corn stubble after the harvest .
he said he d walk right out into the pasture when it was time to thin the herd , take a good stance , spit on his palms to get a better grip and just swing away .
when i walk under the trees , i see a green pasture with many cows on it , and beyond these cows i see the horizon .
i ever start acting like that lawyer that was in here earlier and you have my permission to put me out to pasture .
there are also rumors starting to circulate about a new gold find in the area , and the fact that the grateful dead are giving a free concert in their pasture .
80 hectares pasture land 40,000.00 80,000.00 4 .
pio tadina reported that 60 hectares are riceland , 80 hectares pasture land 120 hectares with fruit trees and 78 hectares second growth forest ( p. 146 , roa , vol .
the second growth forest land has been evaluated higher than the pasture and fruit tree lands because forest lands do not only conserve soil erosion and soil fertility but also provide organic matter for the irrigated riceland .
the straight vertical lines that she assumed were trees were thinning to reveal green pastures .
mary watched out the foggy window as the pastures and farmland gradually blended into the town .
they never got around to tying the knot , perhaps if i fall pregnant was her standard reply , and both had been in the right place , at the right time , to be taken on by me , but they had only stayed an item for a short time , then they had gone their separate ways , him literally as two weeks later he took off for pastures new .
a river ran through the centre of this landscape , gently meandering past natural pastures and meadows where wildflowers grew in abundance , adding bright colour in splashes to the thousand shades of green .
i kept along the path which i felt would take us to the sheep pasture where they had taken him , but the red fog was getting thicker and heavier .
bathed in this welcome glow , the valley had taken on a beauty that was even more dramatic than usual , patches of dew - lined pasture and the nearby stream glittering like silver in the soft , yellow hue .
on the pasture south of the rth , the small herd of cattle were lowing contentedly in the calm of the early afternoon .
but bring the cattle in to the near pasture .
cnn , meanwhile , drove the cattle outside to the fenced pastures alongside the northern edge of the settlement where they would graze before being driven back into the rth again before nightfall .
occasionally , they would see thin columns of smoke rising into the air indicating a settlement ; every now and again the flat pasture would be broken up by a slight rise or an even flatter area of marshland .
there , he found oraden grazing with the horses in the pasture .
he willed himself over the fence and into the pasture beside the unicorn .
the wolf in mans form thought of how easy it would be to sneak into the pasture , hide behind one of the trees before springing upon an unsuspecting mare .
horses grazed in the nearby pastures with dogs and laughing children running through fields of wildflowers and stalks of corn .
it bore the scars and remnants of charcoal from the numerous blueberry pasture fires which had eventually killed it .
no tree could survive for long in the middle of a cultivated blueberry pasture .
each spring after the sun had started to turn warm but the snow was still laying deep in the shade of the hand - built stonewalls , the farmers would trudge up the steep roads to burn their pastures .
the ash fertilized the low growing blueberry bushes and the fire removed the competition by killing the fresh greening sprouts of alder , birch and willow bushes setting up the pasture for another productive year .
guess i 'll go up to the blueberry pasture and check the cows .
around on its northwest slope another quarter mile or so beyond where he could see was the fenced pasture where charlie carr kept his yearling stock each summer .
it was about two miles from the farm and off the beaten path so whenever he was on the mountain brad would drift over that way and check on the heifers and steers they had put in the pasture several weeks before .
after crossing the high open pasture land , brad dropped down into the tree line .
he stepped out into the dew soaked weeds and pasture grasses to relieve himself .
he did n't have any trouble following the line of wet silvery weeds and tall grass bordering each side of the trail across the barnyard and down the lane into the cow pasture , then into the orchard .
he could hunt birds around the edge of the cow pasture and in the old orchard just before dusk when they came in to feed on the small withered apples .
` ` come on , dog ; let 's go '' if i take the middle road i can hit the stonewall just below the blueberry pasture and then cut across the pasture to the back road into lynd .
` ` come on , dog ; let 's go '' if i take the middle road i can hit the stonewall just below the blueberry pasture and then cut across the pasture to the back road into lynd .
there she goes over the wall into the cultivated blueberry pasture .
he watched as his brown and white mutt came back out of the pasture towards the wall then she jumped up onto a large flat granite boulder that was part of the stonewall .
brad was watching when the dog jumped off the wall back into the blueberry pasture and raced up the long slow hill towards the top of the mountain before she disappeared from sight and hearing .
` ` he 's running like hell straight down into matt wilcox 's pasture , jim .
brad led off , but soon the boys became separated in the pitch black and confusing terrain where the brush and small trees grew in clumps and cow trails led all over and around the broken ground of the cow pasture .
after a greeting of wet slurping tongue and some of his high pitched tree bark blackie led brad to a huge bull pine on the edge of the pasture .
~ the federalists swarmed in , treading on our pastures with their myriad horses and wagons until the entire lawn deteriorated into a muddy mess .
there were the patterns of the fields and pastures leading to the city .
flushing meadow had been put to pasture at harpers own property and ridden on a regular basis by anna fields .
now , four days later and after burying his brother , ravan left the lesser of the two horsesthe grey geldingin a pasture not very far from the cezanne estate .
if there really was a conflict , the animals would be safer in the pastures .
he was just coming through the pasture gate and motioned from the edge of the field , waving them toward the meadow and the creek .
he motioned to the distant meadow , the one with the small hillside and gate that led to the back pasture .
he was enraptured by this ship , this great horse galloping over its ocean pasture .
chapter 1 a place worth fighting for all over the land are vast and handsome pastures , with good grass for cattle , and it strikes me the soil would be very fertile were the country inhabited and improved by reasonable people .
a pasture , perhaps forty acres in breadth stood before them , ringed by tall oak trees , a stately pine tree interspersed here and there .
out there , in the field , playin at games with jackson , hank said , pointing haphazardly in the general direction of the pasture .
cycling through a small hill , wind - swept pastures of cows and sheep , they invariably paid attention to this human and two cats uninvited guest curiously , a few buffalo also sent wuwu sounds .
as even game got scarcer , people started moving off , looking for greener pastures .
it seemed far too quickly that we were waving goodbye to the last rolling green pastures .
chagrinned , julia dragged her green eyes from the thickly forested hillsides and the rolling pastures .
if he longed for anything , it would be to arrive at a virgin pasture with beckoning clear water .
when he was young , that sound had echoed over pastures , much bolder in challenge .
their numbers will darken the pastures .
cosh would lead tusk , gill and rea to the southwest to hunt and to investigate the condition of the pastures there .
the momentum of the migration still drove it on , and out of habit the herd charged into the unending fields of grass , trampling a broad avenue into the virgin pastures , then fanning out in all directions , track after track separating .
for the privilege of mating with a cow , for grazing pasture and for claiming a drinking place .
by keeping to a fairly set route , the group would feed on the same pastures to be assured of a fresh new growth of tender grass to chew upon .
the mountain sheep have returned to the highland pastures above the tree line .
alone in a cow pasture , drunk in a bar , swapping lies at a ballgame !
so now riyan always made sure that he rotated the flock between the various pastures among the hills .
it took him well over an hour to bring the flock to the desired pasture .
according to their schedule , they should have been heading out to greener pastures long before now .
past several sections of orderly forests , pastures and lakes there came a large home sized two story dwelling .
over many years of living together , they followed the cribu north then back south again according to the season , unlike other elk , who went from high mountain pastures to the low land of the valleys in winter .
remember that if the creatures are gone , the pastures hunted clean , the mountainsides empty , what will you eat then ?
according to a convenience store clerk in the area , amina had moved out for greener pastures .
every scientist and redneck are outside on the manicured lawn or inside the cow pasture or on the smooth waves of the river with their nail brusher pinging their dick and then the sky for radiation spikes with brone as one of them , chuckles with the others .
and anyways them flood gates are concrete , not your mamas horse pasture fencing , sonny , stop and stares at the bag .
well dump her in the cow pasture behind the forest .
cody loads into the old pickup - truck slowly turning west trucking around the occupied cow pastures .
suffer it to be now to get into heaven later , woot , when the cow moos inside the grass pasture too .
cody laughs and walks to the cow pasture and the adjacent horse barn scouting the colony grounds .
he sniffs smelling the fresh pine trees , the blue berry juice bursting from the bush limbs , and the cut grass from the horse pasture .
this is the land of the lakes and forests of reeds , pastures of water lilies and acacia trees that grow by the wayside .
a luxurious pasture one day and a dry and desolate burnt land the next .
the uneven pasture bounced him all over the seat .
and why did you plow the cow pasture ?
i thought people had always been using the summer pastures on antine island ?
the meadow , one of sir nicklebys pastures , was where he and his classmates had trained for over four years , dodging piles of horse balnor as they dueled .
he could see past the village now , make out the pastures and woods that surrounded it .
behind it was a fenced in pasture where cows roamed , eating grass and mooing happily .
he packed the smooth onyx statue , her treasure , in an ox - hide and walked away from the house on his own two hooves , stopping at the pasture just long enough to free the small heard of arabian horses he 'd collected like beautiful toys .
there was an adjoining clearing of level ground covered with various heights of wild pasture , all enclosed by a thick lining of balding trees .
for miles , he had nt seen anything except open pastures grazed by cows and horses .
eucalyptus trees lined one side of the road , with rolling cow pastures beyond .
within the fence was a small pasture where the few livestock mcgrady owned would graze .
her pursuers were crossing the pasture at the bottom of the hill .
that stony patch of hog pasture was all that was left after your fathers debts were settled .
peasants hunting through a cold hungry winter had thinned the local stock , but thal found signs of deer slipping into pastures and budding orchards .
the beast looked ready to spend its final years at pasture , but instead would haul a wagon into mountains .
the pen that housed them was situated on a slight rise , allowing him to see past the split rails through a number of two - story structures beyond an expanse of green pasture to the towers , the three walls , the countless building , the wide grey river .
they re just pastures .
all around the bloodied pasture , men stood as if stunned .
i spent a large chunk of my early childhood in upstate new york , climbing trees , catching frogs , and learning how to cut through cow pastures without getting caught .
perhaps it would be best if thou awaits me in the pastures below .
she tilts her wings and spirals down to a pasture where dragons sprawl , sunbathing in the warm midday sun .
she gestures at the additional youths making their way across the sun - drenched pasture .
vast herds of cattle and goats swell the pastures nearby , their keepers trying to settle them for the night .
instead , there were lush green pastures , with several horses in them .
they keep their stables right between the third and fourth wall as a pasture .
soon , the weedy pasture turned into a rocky hillside , and to a very green , clean looking field .
cultivated fields and pastures ringed the town on three sides , and the river marcaine flowed south past its western wall , making its way through the wooded hills of the northerland to the river moradel in the south .
great swathes of verdant pastures and thick forests was given over for the private use of their feudal lords , and tithes and poll taxes had left them wallowing in poverty .
the awful agencies had extirpated pastures and meadows and dried up the very springs of fertility in the earth where they had touched it .
cunning - gils , answered : say thou to thorbiorn even as i say , that i deem that those horses will not have gone far away from their pastures ; but risky it is to tell of mens names , and it is better to lose ones own than that great troubles should arise therefrom .
he pranced and bucked in joy like a colt on fresh spring pasture .
the black of his eyelids faded , to green pastures , warm hills , the ebb and flow of a beautiful idyllic landscape undulating across his consciousness .
she was strakes ticket to greener pastures .
it was surrounded by lush green pasture lands , particularly on the east , and these were of course advantageous to a thriving economy in livestock though agriculture flourished as well .
he makes me lie down in green pastures , he leads me beside quiet waters .
cattle grazed in the pastures as the sun beat down overhead .
at first glance , i thought he was the just leftover stump of a huge tree that had once towered over our neighbors pasture .
i gasped to see my neighbors thoroughbreds thundering toward us , returning from whatever corner of the pasture they d fled to when their habitat was invaded .
risean wy curlm used it when he came to get me in mr . cutters pasture .
awena crossed a pasture that lay between the river and the lake .
field and rolling pasture began to climb the foothills of the eastern mountains .
i for one would never go there or advice any one to go there , but there are some who see greener pastures behind the confines of the fortress ... like i just said , the king 's courtiers are corrupt and they hold sensitive positions in the fortress .
he turned to look up the side of the cleft , to where zeleia squatted like a wolf looking down on a pasture .
instead of cliffs there were now sloping pastures , dotted with sheep .
sheep grazed on the pastures of the hillsides , on poorer grass than the horses .
fields and pastures surrounded the town and invaded it , reaching into gaps between clusters of buildings to make best use of the sparse flat ground .
but you do nt have them in your pasture .
the goat and cow had been shut in the stable , and the pasture was full of a very muddy dragon , a channel leading to a deep muddy pool , and a muddy son dancing about shouting look what we made !
after a night of lovemaking they had both behaved rather like contended predators , satisfied after having stolen a sheep from the pasture .
they had a herd of goats , which she took out each day to the pasture on the side of the mountain .
she loved those spring , summer and autumn days , in the pastures on the mountain .
mica did nt stay on the pasture all day as she normally did .
on the way down from the mountain , with the goats being a little testy and somewhat reluctant to leave the pasture , she collected some more wild herbs .
it used to be yosts job , to herd them to their pasture each day , but since he injured his hip he was unable to do even this menial task .
but once they were accustomed to the basics , the four of us raced each other in circles in the pastures outside the stable .
she always used the scenery with the green pasture , the lake , the house and the occasional grazing cattle .
he sat in the green pasture before arashani , crossed his legs , stared at the goddess and wondered what she meant by what she had said .
can i suggest we moor our ships on the left bank , as we see it , and alight to that pleasant - looking pasture ?
his forelimbs extend into nimble - fingered claws and the nails of his paw like feet scrape against the green alfalfa grass of our pasture .
he abruptly blurts out as we begin to walk across the pasture .
we stand in the middle of our pasture , the alfalfa grass swaying with the wind that is constant out here .
i move into our backyard , towards the green pasture where logs of wood are stacked one upon another .
later than i anticipated but still soon enough aakir breaks into our pasture from the woods .
yards of green pasture extends in front of each house , most of which are intricately developed into gardens .
rob was relieved to see that the reporters were gone , presumably having moved on to greener pastures .
her name was tulanda , and a few days ago according to the half - uttered gossip gallan had overheard at the pasture , for rites were private she and her mate gorfen had had their first , botched surfacing , which meant that their next and last attempt was imminent .
as for its size , twice as immense as all of luriens hills and pastures and quarries and woods put together , it brought to ones mind not a squalid place of exile , but the centre of a world so awesome and untamed , it might well have been the origin of all things , lurien among them .
green pastures , dotted with horses , sit below the highway to the left .
it seemed that the boys hair was of a strange make , for at times it looked like grass , some strands dancing in the breeze like light , fair pasture , and others appearing like coarse hay , dry and brittle in the sunlight .
already the shadow advances ; already it springs into the green pastures , turning them grey and black .
the two lane road elliot was driving us down was lined on both sides by flat pastures , broken up only by the occasional silo or billboard .
a wide circle brought him around to one of the pastures , where a murder of crows were already at work .
~*~ flying down from the thick of thy surrounding trees , corozon and malaika smile of heart , as eeowyn look up from the pastures and wave .
~*~ standing out amongst the pastures of golden green grasses , corozon looked all about them .
after the potter suv wars , he moved to solo pastures , and herded , in a ring , fourteen groups from ultra - conservative to ultra - liberal and continuing back to the first group .
he was quite astonished , giving a little cry of surprise himself , to see a well grown pig suddenly take wing , though it had no such appendage , but it was seemingly intent on soaring through the vast pastures of the sky .
for beyond those hills lay a broad land of lush pasture and meandering streams in which the beasts could lose themselves and their young ones until the creatures could gain the safety of the skies .
finally she felt comfortable leaving the colt hidden during the day while she vanished back to the familiar hills with their rich pasture to graze , returning at night to guard and nurse her offspring .
soon enough , the colt was loose , bucking and frisking like a calf turned out on spring pasture .
she bowed nervously , still at a great distance , and hastily gathered up her sheep , intent on driving them to a pasture where they would not disturb his lordship .
a whisper came from the fence , just loud enough to cut across a small cow pasture : over here .
they re picking stones out of pastures and stuff like that .
she was still squatting in the pasture , and her head was low .
they were in the high pastures of the benteer mountains on the gantu side .
brok lead the group down through the mountain pastures , and into the foothills .
he told klas to hobble the horse and set him to pasture .
as country roads go , the way gently curled back and forth , over and around the rolling hills , pastures and farms .
he pressed heavily against a gate leading into a pasture .
ldon searched the barn and scanned the pastures outside .
the eastern gateway gave access to the stump filled pastures where the villages sheep communally grazed .
there s a dragon in our pasture !
when he spotted the sheepherders ranch in the distance , he headed straight for the pasture , eager to land so he could rest his wings .
draig asked as the suns rays illuminated the dew - laden pasture .
papa , there are two dragons in our pasture , he called out in a loud voice .
when they finally arrived at the ranch , raven and his family were out in the pasture waiting for them .
raven reluctantly picked up a thick piece of rope from the barn floor and walked out into the pasture where draig and sapphire were standing .
james asked as he pointed in the direction of the pasture .
when he reached the pasture , he could see james was still trying to bring them back , but it was clear they were gone .
raven slowly opened the barn door so he would nt wake his wife and then walked out into the pasture .
but we ' ve lost two more cows from our enclosed pastures since we ' ve brought them in . ''
` ` at night , they were in the pasture .
no animals milled in the pens or in the pasture nearest the steadholt .
the whole of bernardholt - isanaholt now , he reminded himself - could have fit inside the manor , and there still would have been enough room to provide a pasture for the sheep .
what does it know beyond its pasture ?
he walked , alone , until he reached the national forest to the north and the west , or the cornfields and cow pastures to the south .
in a few days the cattle would be moved to fresh pasture ; in the evenings laurence would puzzle out the new volume of chinese poetry under temeraire 's guidance : the ordinary daily course of their new life .
the ground waxed larger beneath her , all fields and rolling pastures in the ruddy sunlight .
i was glad my horse , moonglow , was out at pasture ; otherwise she would have gone nuts .
like sheep which , having been driven to a pasture , can now spread out at their leisure , the clouds began to drift .
but some pastures around the chalk were being plowed up already .
mistress fullsome , the dogelley family have had right of passage over the turnwise pasture since even i can not remember , and you must ... you must ... '' clon ... k. there was a moment , one long moment , when the sudden silence of the clock not ticking anymore filled the clearing like thunder .
to the side of the home stood an equally large , faded - red barn , which opened into a fenced pasture where several horses grazed within .
save me a dance , i cal ed after him as he jogged down the barns wide hal , heading for the pasture .
there were pastures and an abandoned barn where an old dairy farm used to be , a couple of miles of beachfront , as well as a small forest that dipped into the shores of nehalem bay .
lowland sheep and lone from the deep pastures were much discussed .
the king ordered the whole village to assemble in farmer giles 's large pasture beside the river ; and when they were all gathered together ( including garm , who felt that he was concerned ) , augustus bonifacius rex et basileus was graciously pleased to address them .
but you ca n't just make them higher once they 're in place , like some pasture fence .
it took several hours to settle the dragons down and get them unpacked and fed ; fortunately the covert was a very large one , covering perhaps one hundred acres when including the cattle pastures , and there was no difficulty about finding a comfortably large clearing for temeraire .
i fell into the cow pasture .
hard to tell if anything else had been baked or fried - it was too dark - but i did n't smell barbecue , and i could hear the cows mooing in panic at the far side of the pasture .
westward he looked and saw the broad pastures of rohan ; and orthanc , the pinnacle of isengard , like a black spike .
eagle in eyrie , ox in pasture , hart horn - crowned ; hawk is swiftest swan the whitest , serpent coldest ... hoom , hm ; hoom , hm , how did it go ?
there theoden fell , thengling mighty , to his golden halls and green pastures in the northern fields never returning , high lord of the host .
' you 're more full of bullshit than a frightened herd on fresh pasture , mr lipwig . '
not taking any of the animals from their pastures ... . sazed frowned .
the train passed beyond the suburbs , heading into the outer estates - the broad ring of orchards , fields , and pastures that fed elendel .
though i still feel the same as i always did , '' bod said , but mother slaughter interrupted , ` ` and i still feels like i done when i was a tiny slip of a thing , making daisy chains in the old pasture .
lucy felt sure that this girl must be a shepherdess - or perhaps a fish - herdess and that the shoal was really a flock at pasture .
now came he to the dwelling of mavwin , and behold it was a fair house , but none dwelt there , and grass was high in the gardens , and there were no kine in the byres nor horses in the sheds , and the pastures about were silent and empty .
frost lay thick in the pastures of the inner baronies and on the cobbles of the castle city .
seek the sunlight and the day , back to pasture , back to mead , where the kine and oxen feed !
soon he would set all the shoreland woods ablaze and wither every field and pasture .
but they had really much to be thankful for , had they thought of it , though it could hardly be expected that they should just then : three quarters of the people of the town had at least escaped alive ; their woods and fields and pastures and cattle and most of their boats remained undamaged ; and the dragon was dead .
below them lay the woods of orome , and westward shimmered the fields and pastures of yavanna , gold beneath the tall wheat of the gods .
rather than fight through it , they crossed the dry streambed to the coldmoat side , where the trees had been cleared away for pasture .
and in my vision i was able to do what i had feared to do at the shennit ; for i went into the cold water , up to my knee , up to my belly , up to my neck , and then lost the bottom and swam and found the bottom again and came up out of the river into the pastures of the gods .
here we were back in the pasture of the gods .
` ` she put me out to pasture , gawyn .
ahead , the trees broke wide into a small valley with green pastures rising high along the hills to the sides .
the air smelt of sweat and muddy ale , spilled to the wood floor then trampled by the boots of those arriving from the pastures .
those goats out on the western pasture .
` ` i was in the pastures that night , '' the mayor continued .
within moments , the first creature ran down a long pasture outside the back of the pen , marked with poles and streamers , then launched itself into the air .
the scents of new rain , of wild pastures .
open fields would turn to broken hills , villages would vanish , pastures would be arable one day , then suddenly overgrown with vines and fungus .
that land to the south , free of this unnatural heat , would soon grow green , and kandori herdsmen would climb to the high pastures to graze their sheep .
there had been times , recently , when being a queen 's man could get someone into as much trouble as having one too many cows in his pasture .
an image of a careful wolf , testing the air before moving out into an open pasture .
she walked to the wagon lines , past farriers and grooms looking for the best pasture , people arguing in the supply dump , soldiers grudgingly digging trenches for waste .
` ` but a duty that is important , so that you are not thought of as having been put out to pasture . ''
that queen had put him out to pasture .
green pastures .
` ` used to grow in pastures .
a handful of sheep grazed in green pastures .
` ` i wan na go there , '' halle said , absently twirling her hair , as she watched the pastures and farmhouses blur by .
i was beginning to wonder if dad was hoping to come across a house , but i did n't remember anything but pasture and cattle being between fairview and shallot .
he walked down to that brick house we could n't get in , and then he walked back down the street to the house on the end of the road by the pasture . ''
` ` he maketh me to lie in green pastures , '' the new ghost whispers .
he maketh me to lie down in green pastures ...
chapter 7 walter was taking his morning ride through the pastures on his ranch when he heard voices coming from over a hill .
zack was busy loading rocks onto the wagon from some flatland pasture that he was planning on making a field when tom came galloping up on his horse .
she left wintersleigh to seek greener pastures .
somehow i stumbled onto the meadow land at the backs , its little used pasture behind the colleges , where the long grass was thick with poppies and daisies and the butterflies spent their lives .
` ` actually , i doubt that the house itself would hold any clues anyway , antonietta , '' paul said , as they turned away to search for greener pastures .
i love those little gothic chapels that seem to sit neglected in the middle of a green pasture .
the road , rutted and puddled , had taken them through spectacular chalk downs and pastures fenced by hedgerows , through humble villages and market towns and along the banks of a peaceful river that one of the other passengers said was the thames .
the weather reflected her spirits , though her future did not seem as bright as the green fields outside the window , the purple aubrietia that spilled over garden walls , the gay red and yellow tulips , the thousands of tiny daisies and dandelions that carpeted the grassy pastures .
sheep grazed in distant pastures whose horizons vanished into gray mist and low , rushing clouds .
redcoat officers , shouting commands , sent their horses charging to and fro , trying to restore order and organize the troops into fighting formation , and soon answering volleys of shot were plowing into the surrounding trees and enveloping the rocky pasture in thick , acrid smoke .
the monks could handle the heavier outside work , while the nuns , could concentrate on looking after the cows at pasture , or creating lovely paintings , and sewing beautiful tapestries that hung on the walls of the great wooden church , making the interior of kildare a place of beauty , whether by day , with light streaming in through the many windows , or at night , lit by a multitude of candles .
immediately afterward she went to the cow shed with the other novice nun milk maids , helped milk the cows , and then herded them outside into the pastures for the day .
it would be a couple of hours yet before the cows were brought down from the pastures .
we have our own trees down in the far pasture .
the pastures have been turned gray with ash , the lakes taste bitter , and the forests are crackling with fire .
men came crowding , and easily as herdsmen divide sheep mingled in pasture , so the officers formed combat companies .
looking ashore , she could see the beach and white cliffs all along the coast , with cattle and sheep like tiny specks on the green pasture .
the lush summer pastures , the forests teeming with birds , deer , fox and badger , the rolling hills where the goshawks and gyrfalcons hunted , the rushing streams and quiet pools full of trout and salmon and edged with jewel green moss and delicate flowers .
there s plenty of good pasture and land for growing crops .
wade was riding his horse alongside christines wagon through the beautiful hills with lush green pastures and massive live oaks trees .
this angel took me to a place up in the pasture and showed me a place where we would have an oil well .
` ` can you accompany me to the pasture ? ''
from this castle , all the blood flowed in swollen rivers to fill the pastures below .
he had a small but cozy cabin on the edge of a pasture .
the gradual hill on which it was built offered a wide view of the pastures of shropshire and herefordshire .
the firmer lands flourished with trees and plants , whether in the form of forests of beech and pine trees or rolling pastures speckled with shrubs of golden flowers .
david campbell was one of the last small landowners in this part of western scotland ; he owned two hundred acres of sheep pasture and he clung to it with tenacious pride .
he d appointed alexander as one of his tacksmen , to collect his tenants rents and hand them over , which was as unpopular a job as one could ever imagine , made even more so by riddells recent intent to turn farmland into grazing pasture ... and tenants out of their crofts and cottages .
there are about twenty acres of pasture that you could do without , if you had to .
he suggested that we sell the back pasture .
you mean ian sold the back pastures to you , she corrected .
you mean the back pasture .
i sold him the back pasture , just as you instructed .
when ian explained he was only intending to sell the back pasture , riddell expressed an interest and offered a price higher than the man of business would .
the contract was n't for the back pasture , ian .
we agreed that for the time being at any rate i would seek pastures new , which was how i became a land agent much more respectable than an ironmonger , my wife insisted !
i had days of horse riding over emerald green pastures , and sat hours on end by the river , watching large barges of grain float towards rome and beyond .
as his sheeps pasture was hided behind some bushes , they had not discerned him : he peeped through the planted fence - after having heard the horses gallop .
jacob pointed toward pastures bleached white by the merciless august sun .
each stared at the slow pass of barbed wire fences with wooden posts in front of flat pastures dotted with mature pecan trees or stately oaks .
a man on a horse in da pasture was ridin like da devil comin to git me , he said , his voice pitched and rushed .
da last time peppa run way , one a mr . laurents men found him chasin a rabbit in a hay pasture .
from there , riders can cross his farm and enter mine , through the gate that separates his farm from my pasture in the back of your house .
afta i talk wid mr . laurent , i want to take a look at his back pastures .
i tink dey hid out in one a mr . laurents back pastures .
the graveled driveway , an extension of the entrance to the plantations compound , wrapped behind the storehouse , curved right after seventy - five yards and led to the gate to the first pasture and a narrow farm road grated smooth .
he s got a couple mo barns behin the hay pastures .
while he waited for louie , davids eyes surveyed the flat pasture .
i axed mr . laurent why you were ridin a horse in da pasture behin mah house , david said , his voice neutral .
white - faced herefords grazed in pastures intersected with cow paths that crisscrossed the farm road .
metal fences with four rows of barbed wire between wooden posts separated the pastures .
pasture grasses drooped beneath the high sun , a salad of yellows and greens peppered with black dung .
were in the fourth pasture back and the fifth one cross .
afta this pasture , i m gon na follow the road down and cut across five mo pastures to blanchards place .
afta this pasture , i m gon na follow the road down and cut across five mo pastures to blanchards place .
that s how i git to the hay pastures .
david jerked louie to his feet and shoved him into the open pasture .
the body lay crumpled on the ground , unmoving as the horse bolted across the pasture .
da bastard went crazy befo he turned on dat hay pasture road .
i left him in da pasture .
mr . broussard found daniel hangin from a tree in one of my back pastures .
he done took em to check on sumptin in da pasture .
even the cattle had been moved to higher pastures now .
eyes moving relentlessly , he picked a path down to the barn where he stripped the animals of their gear and turned them out to pasture .
more energy went into and more pleasure came from his effort than usual as he checked each side , finishing on the roof by cutting tufts of sod from pasture to cover holes there .
stooping , he scooted quickly to the entry , a fleeting look showing two horses in the pasture , five more in stalls , a wagon and nothing else .
there s seven horses in the barn or pasture , mr .
he ever so slowly creeps alongside the farms west pastures edge .
he saw the new horses at the far end of the pasture , standing in an oak thicket , and wondered where they came from .
cocking his head , eyes surveying grim masses of clouds beyond the pasture , he concentrated on hearing a second person breathing but could not , choosing finally to trust his senses .
two bulls in one pasture never allowing for a calm situation , adam worsened the situation from the first by firing a bullet through the saloon roof , a boisterous way of announcing his arrival to hawkins whiskey swilling bunch , followed by shattering mandanos expensive plate glass window the night after pikes friend santos was ambushed and killed .
yerll find tha sheep in tha paddock beind tha ouse , he growled ; i want em taken down ta tha pasture in tha lower paddick .
down in the pasture wallis , bare - headed and out in the hot sun all day , had had nothing to drink .
within a few minutes , white fluffy balls dotted the lower pasture .
the two figures managed to get ahead of the sheep and cut them off from the river , but even so , half an hour had passed before all the sheep were back in the pasture .
he limped down to the bottom pasture , and found a panel of fencing that had loosened , applied the wire - strainer and tensioned it , then tied off the ends of the wire , and freed the strainer .
no , mr morris , i- termorrer , put tha sheep in that pasture to tha east , morris told him , pointing ; you ll find some cut fence - posts stacked beside tha barn .
the prisoner walked down the pasture where the sheep were kept , and between them , he and wallis got the flock back into the night - pasture .
the prisoner walked down the pasture where the sheep were kept , and between them , he and wallis got the flock back into the night - pasture .
chapter eleven august 28th ; 1822 : as dawn broke , the two men rose , dressed , and made their way down to the pasture where the sheep were dozing .
whilst wallis got them moved to the east pasture , the prisoner went down to the pasture where they were normally penned during the day , and inspected each fence - post , finding four that needed replacing .
whilst wallis got them moved to the east pasture , the prisoner went down to the pasture where they were normally penned during the day , and inspected each fence - post , finding four that needed replacing .
the prisoner picked up the tools and headed up to the barn , while wallis moved the flock of sheep back into their regular pasture for the night , and they washed up in a barrel of rainwater beside the shack .
the pastures were soaked with the fresh smell of water .
huge rocks which had broken off the mountains millions of years ago towered over the pastures .
jesus was walking with his disciples over the pastures and visited the people .
the cows could soon be put out to pasture again , eating all the herbs and flowers growing in the fields .
not all of the cattle had been brought down from the high pastures yet , although there was little sustenance left for them on the tops .
their yells could be distinguished above the bellowing of the cattle as the herds coming down from the high pastures were directed towards the gaps in the head dykes that encircled the arable land .
on this occasion rob had been away for a number of days , herding the cattle out of the hill pastures , and then collecting the notary .
it was a poor scrap of woodland and rough pasture , up by the northeast corner of loch lomond .
in most years only the young people went up to the high pastures with the animals , the older folk would stay in their houses , down in the glen to watch the crops .
the cattle herds were moved from pasture to pasture as the grass was grazed to give each pasture time to recover for the next grazing cycle .
take mackenzie , armstrong and his wife and son out to the royal oak tree in the pasture and hang them , said sir james to a group of his groomsmen who were standing nearby .
the royal oak tree in the pasture behind the manor , near the edge of the forest , was almost twenty feet in circumference and ninety feet tall .
john mackenzie and hobbie armstrong were marched into the pasture , to the royal oak tree where hobbies wife nelly moss , his fourteen year old son halbert , who they called hallie , hallies twin sister ginny , and two much smaller children were waiting for them .
the rain had increased to a steady downpour and occasional thunder was heard in the distance as the approaching storm strengthened and moved from the west toward the manor house and the pasture .
he pulled weeds from the fields , helped clear trees from the overgrown pasture , and learned to draw water from the well .
the cattle had to be counted as they were led from the corral to the pasture to graze and feed .
he prepared the barn and cleared some land for grazing pasture , and consulted will on the prospects .
wade had repaired the barn and cleared pasture for the cattle to graze , and he hoped will could handle the added responsibilities while he was away at school .
he wanted to ride through the fields , checking the crops and the pasture , hoping to find cattle that had successfully mated and would be calving during the spring .
he raced through the pasture , leapt over the fence then trotted slowly toward the fontaine plantation .
the pastures that he had so carefully prepared had been allowed to turn to bramble .
as he rode through the pasture , he saw that all of the cows would survive , but only a few of them would be healthy enough to sell this summer .
being that the pasture was clear , they would have to travel a distance to a brushy spot .
now , in spite of her hard work , she was abandoning her home , searching for greener pastures , and in reality , escaping the memories which had begun to haunt her so vividly .
so far , all he had seen was open pastures and fields .
after a couple of hours of picking stone that had risen to the surface of the muddy field over the course of the prior winter , and laying it out into courses atop the growing stone fence that demarked its border with the cow pasture , elijah declared the field ready enough for plowing .
elijah moved with purpose through the morning routine , opening the split - rail fence to let the cows move from one pasture to a fresh one , throwing a measure of hay down for the animals and picking over the kitchen garden for any remaining harvest .
well , we have not had too much to celebrate in recent times , but both of you are about to move on to new pastures and i wanted to commemorate that .
well , i am not with such a troupe and though i did notice a great deal of tents in your pasture , i supposed that a band of gypsies was taking advantage of you .
have you forgotten the delights to be found in my pasture not a mile away ?
the taller of the two eyed him in some hostility while the shorter snatched his card and said hastily , we are that grateful fer the use of yer pasture , mlord .
fer use of the pasture , aye , henry said , but he breathed fire through his nostrils .
the wagon that carried the numerous props and costumes was just turning into the pasture .
and especially , for having sent him all over the county of somerset in search of her when all the while she was in his pasture .
i have already been given to understand by your most exceptional butler that you have permitted an entire troupe of actors to camp in your pasture beyond the orchard .
here , instead of turning right to go back into town , he led the cow straight on , skirting the rough pasture that adjoined the mine land .
he takes petes word for what s going on , how many head are in which pastures , how many calves the cows gave birth to , and everything else .
chuck gazed out over the pasture .
chapter 24 they reached the corner of the fence where two pastures joined .
were they in the middle of the pasture , with the montana frontier stretched out for miles in every direction ?
older than us , i answer mildly , my attention moving to the pasture to our right in which i can see three horses grazing on some kind of wild grass .
seth was out moving part of the herd to a new pasture .
now , i want you to do a few figure eights to really get the hang of it , dean said and moved twister out of the way to a corner of the pasture in which they worked .
i m gon na go get it out in the pasture for you .
he clicked to twister and they thundered across the pasture toward the calf that had come back toward them a little ways .
dean and tessa lay out on a blanket in one of the pastures .
one night , they lay in a pasture after they d made love .
dean stood looking out onto the pasture beyond the main barn .
at least three of us will have to get out to the pasture to water the cattle .
after the recent rains , it was pleasant to sit on the box of the swaying wagon enjoying the rich aromas of the countryside while looking across the swaying backs of the oxen at the pastures and the hills that fringed the valley .
until i see you here on earth or in heaven , i will always be your loving wife , malinda finishing her letter malinda speaks to william , william it is christmas eve , this year take thomas henry out to the back pasture and look along the fence line .
jumping upon blaze the two of them quietly ride off to the back pasture .
the perfect tree riding double on blaze across the pasture of knee high , green rye grass william remembers back a few years when a neighbor told them about winter rye .
william rides blaze along the fence line knowing the area along this part of the pasture is the perfect place to find the young cedar trees .
she looks the tree up and down , why its nearly 8 feet tall , all the way from the back pasture to the house , huh ?
we ve been afraid they would see her in the pasture and take her for the army .
bury them out yonder in the pasture , or haulem off and throw them off the bluff .
chapter forty quarter horses luke and nate bury the four gunslingers in the horse trot that leads from the barn to the pasture .
and nate , while you re at the barn take all their saddle horses over to the back pasture and turn them loose and let them graze , there is plenty of grass and water .
he suggested they get four of the horses from the back pasture , and let the rest stay loose on the open range ; however , he tells nate to not bring the pinto , he will be too easily recognized .
turn yours loose in my pasture they deserve a good rest .
sam , those horses should still be over in the back pasture .
they had gone to the back pasture and rounded up all the outlaw horses that were still on the farm .
these horses were running free on a deserted farm and pasture .
chapter five wyatt bass was leaned back in his chair with his feet up on the edge of the dining table , picking his teeth with the slim , silver toothpick that the grateful citizenry of salinas had given him when he decided to move on to greener and more violent pastures .
they set an ambush where the path between pastures went through a narrow defile .
jordan was helping me fix the fence on the north end of the pasture , holding the u - nail so i could hammer the wire to the post .
each bit of pasture had a water pipe running to an automatic trough .
just like in spring , burning off dead winter grass from the pasture , so that the new could take its place .
fishing in the river as a boy , leading horses to pasture , studying in class , waiting for the clock to reach the end of the hour , bailing hay in the barn , his first kiss , his first dance , fixing the transmission of the tractor , marching in boot camp in melville , sitting in the turret of the .50s aboard pt-927 , then lila and the circle was complete .
it was so hot that the cows laid down in the pasture with their tongues sticking out , shed say in her exaggerated way .
first you re happier than a cow in a new pasture and now you re quiet and grumpy .
they bellowed to one another incessantly over the pasture rails . ''
normally her horse , stony , was allowed to run free in the pasture , but she had put him in a stall in the barn that evening because of a bruised hoof .
in that moment , the devil bill williams had come sauntering down the road , a bull looking to take over a new pasture .
i m no different than the ancient workhouse who s been put out to pasture before he s good and ready .
he sighed as visions of the pastures and walks with his fianc drifted through his weary mind .
while huge flocks of sheep grazed in the lush pastures the towns inhabitants walked down wide clean streets shaded by the fast growing mulberry and poplar trees they had planted .
but over the years it had become a struggle , as animals died and were difficult to replace , carriages wore out , soho tragically passed away before their eyes , samuel returned to london , and personnel either ran off or amicably departed for greener pastures .
i was about to put the cows out to pasture .
you ve got some beef cattle in another barn connected to a large pasture .
just a scattering of houses on the hills , and all the space between lying fallow , marshland and rough pasture .
the dogs had gone off chasing each other down towards the river , and the horses were hobbled and grazing in the pasture below .
and how instead of doing what everybody expected , and sending his men to fight , he gave them seed and ploughshares and oxen , and dispersed them among the fields and pastures , where they settled , and married local women , and brought up children and horses and their long - legged , long - horned white cattle ; and though cranu did n't live to see it , by his son 's day every single farm in the valley was in etruscan hands . ''
other than an occasional shepherd bringing a herd to or from pasture , few used this out - of - the - way path .
now , a threat has come to our pastures .
also belonging to the commote , but legally free , were the bonheddwyr , pastoralists who moved their stock from winter shelters in the lower lands to summer pastures in the hills .
the welshman , who was passing the winter in this low - lying area until the spring rains came and he could move his livestock to higher pastures , spoke no french or english and the soldiers spoke no welsh , but at first this proved no impediment to mutual goodwill .
strong gusts tore down heavy tree branches , sheeting rain flattened the grassy fields and made mud of the cultivated ones , the wind and rain together disoriented sheep and cattle just settling into their summer pastures , scattering them far and wide and the clwyd overflowed its banks , carrying off more than one coracle .
the journey to rhirids summer pastures , a seemingly neverending loop to the west and then south and then east of rhuddlanall to avoid running into her husbandwas torturous in its duration .
the goats were chased and slaughtered ; knights thundered out into the pastures , whooping and shouting , and hunted down the panicked , bleating sheep .
it came to us last night that the nomad 's most revered possession is his horse , as it allows him to cross both plains and deserts , and to keep his flocks moving to fresh pastures .
dir and askold had ordered that the crews and passengers were to set up camp in a pasture near the docks , for the town was obviously unable to hold the over one thousand men , women and children that walked off the docks or waded ashore .
they had to fatten their animals before winter , but knew that the best of the lands to the west were held by the magyars , who had in any case already grazed their animals on them before they themselves moved west to fresh pastures .
we needed a well to water the livestock we run in this pasture .
as he moved toward the pasture , she envisioned him riding out of her life .
and from what the archbishop here tells us , the monks of einsiedeln also require enforcers in their pastures near schwyz .
thomas had his first customer the same day they completed rigging the sail ; a goat herder moving his herd to new pasture .
parallax - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 644 the 315 a 231 and 231 of 210 i 186 to 162 in 126 my 84 is 84 that 79 on 79 it 74 was 65 her 65 with 60 you 57 me 56 his 56 he 53 for 51 at 44 as 40 she 39 from 38 this 34 an 34 if 34 like 34 miranda 32 we 32 they 30 i ' m 29 been 28 or 28 into 27 by 27 one 26 there 26 not 25 it 's 24 wt 24 but 24 have 24 do 23 were 23 jack 22 no 22 who 22 do n't 22 him 22 be 22 when 21 has 21 about 21 are 20 your 20 had 19 what 19 marchland 19 all 18 carson 18 through 18 judy 17 so 17 up 17 think 17 then 16 got 16 down 16 out 15 back 15 some 15 she 's 15 them 14 he 's 14 its 14 just 14 mr 14 too 14 fisher 14 car 14 light 14 ca n't 14 room 13 did 13 km 13 i 'd 13 six 13 found 12 even 12 could 12 that 's 12 right 12 never 12 those 12 off 12 everything 12 yes 12 see 12 years 11 white 11 go 11 say 11 our 11 after 11 much 11 left 11 house 11 miranda 's 11 face 11 because 11 does n't 10 people 10 something 10 away 10 pride 10 went 10 kern 10 know 10 how 10 their 10 time 10 eyes 10 long 10 since 10 did n't 10 says 10 detective 10 window 10 enough 10 us 9 can 9 wo n't 9 get 9 many 9 way 9 was n't 9 there 's 9 only 9 good 9 missing 9 why 9 well 9 is n't 9 until 9 ice 9 nothing 9 took 9 love 8 going 8 gone 8 would 8 woman 8 more 8 kitchen 8 course 8 another 8 man 8 eye 8 home 8 6 8 here 8 women 8 wife 8 hand 8 once 8 these 8 door 8 thing 8 before 8 first 7 local 7 new 7 any 7 where 7 come 7 other 7 except 7 ball 7 mf 7 made 7 old 7 during 7 every 7 maybe 7 excerpted 7 two 7 will 7 ask 7 head 6 green 6 parties 6 want 6 fire 6 watching 6 end 6 than 6 marchland 's 6 big 6 none 6 now 6 over 6 thank 6 things 6 few 6 hell 6 life 6 mouth 6 force 6 three 6 trees 6 stopped 6 royal 6 truth 6 put 6 day 6 ever 6 done 6 while 6 tell 6 seem 6 name 6 around 5 hear 5 show 5 keep 5 doing 5 behind 5 he 'd 5 today 5 hair 5 near 5 god 5 kept 5 turn 5 past 5 penny 5 you 're 5 look 5 stop 5 again 5 making 5 state 5 skull 5 almost 5 homicide 5 hit 5 wake 5 against 5 i ' ve 5 mind 5 boys 5 office 5 world 5 road 5 best 5 makes 5 sound 5 field 5 such 5 edge 5 guess 5 would n't 5 achilles 5 bottle 5 lot 5 mean 5 place 5 knew 5 olympia 5 mine 5 black 5 whatever 5 blue 5 had n't 5 getting 5 hands 5 said 5 year 5 let 5 still 5 carson 's 5 stars 5 ring 5 blood 5 though 5 lost 5 always 5 myself 5 dust 5 looks 5 across 5 take 5 night 5 she 'd 5 picture 4 dropped 4 married 4 interview 4 documentary 4 truck 4 anymore 4 partner 4 real 4 bring 4 tree 4 bad 4 honeymoon 4 scotch 4 late 4 coffee 4 wheels 4 months 4 under 4 great 4 department 4 kind 4 takes 4 whole 4 hat 4 fact 4 upon 4 sometimes 4 least 4 next 4 uh 4 somebody 4 what 's 4 opinion 4 washington 4 have n't 4 migraine 4 yeah 4 barnes 4 cops 4 easy 4 europe 4 broom 4 pain 4 catch 4 reason 4 words 4 we 'd 4 bet 4 search 4 obviously 4 need 4 does 4 although 4 girl 4 red 4 talk 4 oh 4 feet 4 anybody 4 case 4 places 4 we 're 4 jp 4 art 4 please 4 couple 4 heart 4 second 4 find 4 quite 4 suit 4 yet 4 thought 4 trial 4 am 4 body 4 glitter 4 point 4 either 4 cloud 4 along 4 high 3 wait 3 really 3 better 3 drain 3 yellow 3 folks 3 inn 3 charming 3 humming 3 four 3 simple 3 wearing 3 college 3 dark 3 fast 3 questions 3 members 3 gave 3 kicked 3 letters 3 bed 3 9 3 02 3 living 3 piece 3 copy 3 wave 3 pretty 3 finger 3 start 3 money 3 eight 3 flicker 3 report 3 most 3 desert 3 information 3 drug 3 screaming 3 roll 3 decided 3 tall 3 last 3 leather 3 burning 3 glass 3 else 3 busy 3 brush 3 inside 3 career 3 could ' ve 3 involved 3 gun 3 wanted 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 vanished 3 walls 3 different 3 remember 3 question 3 also 3 kern 's 3 evidence 3 coming 3 camera 3 ultragothic 3 yard 3 dirt 3 bridge 3 turned 3 hotel 3 days 3 keeps 3 band 3 brain 3 stay 3 declined 3 help 3 4 3 publicity 3 artist 3 tea 3 waiting 3 doors 3 word 3 line 3 sonofabitch 3 mom 3 fingers 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 sad 3 cows 3 details 3 honey 3 serial 3 pick 3 morning 3 effects 3 moment 3 mirror 3 sofa 3 disappearance 3 visit 3 ago 3 girls 3 circles 3 nods 3 own 3 mexico 3 rock 3 leaves 3 might 3 thinking 3 water 3 prosecution 3 sell 3 silence 3 full 3 pieces 3 smile 3 block 3 however 3 italy 3 we ' ve 3 among 3 very 3 moon 3 were n't 3 dry 3 indeed 3 tucker 3 sun 3 cop 3 nails 3 judy 's 3 changes 3 named 3 ass 3 between 3 space 3 book 3 kill 3 william 3 hole 3 dreams 3 pale 3 dollars 3 train 3 shoulder 3 guy 3 ground 3 beneath 3 should ' ve 3 anywhere 3 creepy 3 fragments 3 called 3 brute 3 studio 3 school 3 chase 3 resort 3 looking 3 anything 3 bought 3 counter 2 taken 2 sod 2 gray 2 satanic 2 guileless 2 wild 2 fair 2 project 2 death 2 crescent 2 loaded 2 owned 2 cola 2 musk 2 wheel 2 return 2 mason 2 samovar 2 serious 2 drunk 2 surprise 2 already 2 microwave 2 square 2 drugs 2 holding 2 personal 2 happy 2 table 2 caps 2 pulse 2 brim 2 vast 2 student 2 horns 2 country 2 met 2 wonder 2 cabinet 2 sleep 2 eventually 2 prior 2 located 2 huge 2 third 2 ordo 2 jones 2 dad 2 unfair 2 stuff 2 who 'd 2 gas 2 hope 2 fawkin ' 2 templi 2 sick 2 lane 2 wine 2 sea 2 patrons 2 flickers 2 bumper 2 talking 2 bare 2 lips 2 act 2 stolen 2 wrong 2 vegas 2 damn 2 damned 2 switch 2 picked 2 possible 2 shaken 2 orientis 2 iron 2 shit 2 move 2 99 2 moments 2 group 2 soon 2 merry - go - round 2 carsons 2 effort 2 image 2 saturday 2 chair 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 highway 2 teenage 2 wondering 2 came 2 sure 2 onto 2 prostitutes 2 briefing 2 nose 2 calls 2 voice 2 actually 2 would ' ve 2 anyone 2 awful 2 bugs 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 song 2 driveway 2 neither 2 doctor 2 unmarked 2 seen 2 begged 2 means 2 garbage 2 robot 2 recall 2 crush 2 museum 2 pipe 2 probably 2 heard 2 file 2 less 2 scenery 2 ink 2 paper 2 toward 2 washed 2 cast 2 sands 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 movies 2 psycho 2 ones 2 wax 2 clothes 2 suffering 2 woods 2 forced 2 mongrel 2 begin 2 thumb 2 shift 2 older 2 hundred 2 break 2 seemed 2 becomes 2 kids 2 intimate 2 quit 2 runs 2 northwest 2 sit 2 fractured 2 exit 2 soft 2 sex 2 has n't 2 killer 2 screwed 2 drips 2 tragedy 2 straight 2 murder 2 air 2 give 2 gaze 2 windows 2 leads 2 may 2 diamond 2 attached 2 graveyard 2 seattle 2 ah 2 impulse 2 kidnapped 2 number 2 surely 2 starts 2 event 2 wavers 2 pressure 2 far 2 admit 2 cancer 2 sheriff 's 2 ha 2 jc 2 cash 2 stumble 2 sir 2 ruined 2 anonymous 2 ancient 2 june 2 forth 2 exhibition 2 round 2 teeth 2 phone 2 showed 2 buddy 2 norman 2 boxes 2 throat 2 guys 2 curtain 2 lamp 2 hired 2 macy 2 safe 2 clouds 2 notion 2 message 2 magic 2 perhaps 2 dancing 2 bit 2 lots 2 god 's 2 worked 2 revenge 2 stretch 2 police 2 york 2 famous 2 should 2 holy 2 parallax 2 fine 2 watch 2 yourself 2 known 2 stare 2 ceramic 2 positively 2 rituals 2 cup 2 outside 2 center 2 physical 2 trunk 2 power 2 knocks 2 let 's 2 hours 2 gina 2 speak 2 mystery 2 call 2 items 2 mobile 2 argument 2 kurt 2 recedes 2 post 2 bathroom 2 ford 2 comes 2 sculptures 2 caught 2 grass 2 whore 2 media 2 clean 2 drive 2 testimony 2 saved 2 cards 2 buy 2 bundy 2 subject 2 beloved 2 gapes 2 rockwell 2 care 2 sky 2 poorly 2 dull 2 artifacts 2 ages 2 killers 2 mistake 2 blow 2 jane 2 cold 2 associates 2 cheap 2 happened 2 nail 2 thoughts 2 everybody 2 throbs 2 farm 2 become 2 expect 2 history 2 rest 2 cherry 2 swing 2 sip 2 wal - mart 2 romantic 2 legs 2 reported 2 work 2 nauseous 2 naturally 2 horror 2 each 2 coma 2 harmonica 2 close 2 sly 2 constricts 2 gallery 2 photos 2 golf 2 tonight 2 future 2 usually 2 problem 2 exactly 2 warm 2 traffic 2 dress 2 journal 2 blanket 2 coverage 2 weeks 2 horizon 2 placid 2 tips 2 vision 2 daily 2 bits 2 bright 2 same 2 free 2 glory 2 tracks 2 droplets 2 you ' ve 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 friends 2 chain 2 won 2 choppers 2 collar 2 seizure 2 looked 2 doe 2 public 2 kidnapping 2 must 2 faces 2 fisher 's 2 elf 2 interpol 2 dogs 2 touch 2 crash 2 wants 2 flushed 2 ready 2 track 2 bust 2 got ta 2 pacific 2 used 2 story 2 true 2 press 2 tickets 2 straw 2 believe 2 dicks 2 otherwise 2 moving 2 further 2 change 2 bailed 2 crisp 2 which 2 barnes ' 2 shaking 2 small 2 staring 2 former 2 dozen 2 low 2 nearly 2 finally 2 bands 2 turns 2 read 2 stroke 2 heavy 2 drove 2 century 2 task 2 fooled 2 academy 2 falls 2 leave 2 side 2 town 2 lines 2 paid 2 puppies 2 simply 2 vertigo 2 glasses 2 burn 2 works 2 stomach 2 shop 2 brown 2 times 2 persons 2 saw 2 demonstrated 2 chopping 1 registers 1 threshold 1 trust 1 numb 1 cerebrum 1 nature 's 1 artistic 1 throes 1 exercise 1 puffing 1 seeing 1 pawn 1 warden 1 confab 1 reminder 1 theatre 1 smells 1 ron 1 opera 1 torrence 1 dent 1 wizened 1 proof 1 8 1 giving 1 everyone 1 freddy 1 claustrophobic 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 ran 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 importance 1 paean 1 coincidences 1 crown 1 lift 1 identify 1 guest 1 treated 1 failed 1 sweating 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 hacked 1 rupture 1 ear 1 routines 1 toured 1 joseph 1 tires 1 chicago 1 lack 1 debts 1 fathom 1 rumble 1 strobes 1 breath 1 speculating 1 danced 1 fresh 1 figured 1 hatch 1 gather 1 patrol 1 housewife 1 amenities 1 cliffhanger 1 explode 1 minister 1 stone 1 rocks 1 fracture 1 poof 1 cerebral 1 sting 1 forty - two 1 la 1 dismiss 1 differently 1 cracks 1 semblance 1 ghost 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 fumes 1 saying 1 fateful 1 grounds 1 backpack 1 tap 1 ex - cop 1 approximately 1 flash 1 pile 1 evening 1 flatbed 1 taffy 1 deal 1 gasp 1 banker 1 networking 1 truthfully 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 whenever 1 inhale 1 trading 1 grad 1 substantial 1 poison 1 explains 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 leader 1 outline 1 expression 1 atoms 1 saint 1 torso 1 rummaged 1 formulate 1 brow 1 scrawl 1 dragged 1 winchester 1 laws 1 driven 1 cities 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 rushing 1 offered 1 victim 's 1 bleed 1 male 1 shut 1 apprentice 1 concrete 1 tugs 1 daubing 1 hypothesized 1 motes 1 anytime 1 saucers 1 eating 1 gothic 1 telegraph 1 valley 1 two - dimensional 1 dunes 1 oregon 1 tetragrams 1 russell 1 existence 1 good - night 1 jay 1 attest 1 maniac 1 register 1 brilliant 1 universe 1 checks 1 monday 1 profound 1 chambering 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 strains 1 blur 1 ashes 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 pulling 1 drippings 1 absence 1 character 1 grateful 1 bills 1 age 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 infinite 1 draft 1 results 1 foot 1 wrap 1 ticking 1 asceticism 1 tad 1 appear 1 n 's 1 thump 1 equation 1 caresses 1 knife 1 husband 1 fossil 1 natural 1 annette 1 hawk 1 released 1 poised 1 booze 1 moss 1 dapper 1 swami 1 cult 1 staggered 1 wunderkind 1 fills 1 hip - hop 1 prisoner 1 deathbed 1 omission 1 handshake 1 entire 1 cantonese 1 brochure 1 decayed 1 plastic 1 teller 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 beach 1 blame 1 hippie 1 glint 1 deadly 1 melted 1 coup 1 19 1 hill 1 smoking 1 expected 1 spectacle 1 tuned 1 shoot 1 yesterday 1 apocalyptic 1 temple 1 steak 1 studies 1 silent 1 cliff 1 causing 1 action 1 polar 1 vacuously 1 outfits 1 teletype 1 fat 1 atmosphere 1 orange 1 surprised 1 gravity 1 activities 1 author 1 slate 1 planned 1 throw 1 strands 1 dutchman 1 hob - nob 1 masochism 1 cross - legged 1 entertaining 1 janitors 1 rottweilers 1 san 1 caf 1 laborers 1 aluminum 1 clutched 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 dare 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 murderers 1 purse 1 flame 1 aleister 1 riding 1 climb 1 bloody 1 adulterer 1 wedding 1 they 'd 1 running 1 blasting 1 alone 1 little 1 pathos 1 combination 1 awkward 1 robin 1 j 1 gunfighter 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 spouses 1 beyond 1 corresponded 1 farce 1 score 1 dirty 1 masque 1 soaked 1 pit 1 fortune 1 mysterious 1 destroyed 1 rod 1 grimace 1 later 1 drains 1 trooper 1 tune 1 toothpick 1 canary 1 metal 1 resemble 1 disapproval 1 bianchi 1 biological 1 decked 1 ventilation 1 framed 1 kerosene 1 scented 1 periodically 1 firs 1 fugitive - from - hollywood 1 button 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 shimmer 1 jaws 1 brother 1 goes 1 promoting 1 postcard 1 clippings 1 unintelligible 1 sparks 1 angle 1 radio 1 scaffolds 1 forgotten 1 ocean 1 queasy 1 nevada 1 movie 1 fuhrman 1 activist 1 wipe 1 jump 1 theory 1 slurring 1 trashcans 1 sighting 1 beautiful 1 without 1 smacks 1 pictures 1 plaid 1 chapter 1 lam 1 radioactive 1 smiled 1 ruinous 1 pushes 1 endless 1 zero 1 footage 1 tank 1 bacardi 1 order 1 american - style 1 waterfront 1 sinatra 1 disintegrates 1 cro - magnon 1 data 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 chuckles 1 confession 1 scream 1 opportunity 1 d 1 chest 1 stoned 1 shadows 1 instrumental 1 slumped 1 like - minded 1 three - foot - high 1 someone 1 herself 1 agency 1 moons 1 smoke 1 child 1 vigil 1 subtracted 1 long - suffering 1 hooks 1 vitriolic 1 fizzes 1 send 1 states 1 needed 1 badge 1 pal 1 banged 1 skiing 1 cellophane - flesh 1 homework 1 delhi 1 incidents 1 silverfish 1 snort 1 discordant 1 checkered - past 1 expensive 1 illuminated 1 expedient 1 crunching 1 bone 1 goodness 1 ending 1 crosses 1 reopen 1 horribly 1 strapless 1 neurons 1 fields 1 fiasco 1 botch 1 electric 1 begins 1 special 1 totaled 1 horrors 1 changed 1 dodd 1 grimy 1 sits 1 handles 1 uxoricidal 1 palms 1 gin 1 kerchief 1 traveling 1 inmate 1 forward 1 luna 1 beat 1 correctional 1 stung 1 compared 1 strolls 1 premonition 1 positions 1 intent 1 relationship 1 ten 1 meets 1 sake 1 adolescent 1 minutia 1 delicate 1 blinded 1 cross 1 island 1 fence 1 hoping 1 authorities 1 monster 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 fir 1 weekend 1 thousands 1 doves 1 parked 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 3 1 rust 1 storm 1 reveals 1 mountains 1 parking 1 scads 1 sounds 1 n ' 1 horn 1 investigating 1 squeaks 1 part 1 pete 's 1 blobby 1 bullyboys 1 rescue 1 flight 1 chariots 1 shotgun 1 knows 1 cats 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 joyride 1 victim 1 basket 1 tacky 1 sweep 1 weighing 1 clarifies 1 remainder 1 park 1 drag 1 strong 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 sustained 1 marquee 1 balanced 1 fuse 1 presumed 1 paths 1 advanced 1 weekly 1 pasture 1 myth 1 matches 1 quickens 1 west 1 concern 1 farmer 1 fishing 1 stays 1 self - mutilation 1 dabbled 1 restored 1 john 1 ranks 1 indifference 1 numerous 1 glee 1 stalker 1 taint 1 workshop 1 catholic 1 senior 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 arts 1 loads 1 fly 1 degrees 1 mallet 1 casually 1 tremendous 1 1993 1 indecipherable 1 hank 1 dance 1 bobbed 1 received 1 stuck 1 westerns 1 swallows 1 backgammon 1 hi 1 devil 1 fbi 1 chapel 1 fluke 1 hurricane 1 finding 1 mesas 1 died 1 erected 1 bus 1 customs 1 cheaper 1 tricky 1 black - hearted 1 dentist 1 crowd 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 palm 1 rammed 1 cinder 1 flying 1 passing 1 shoulders 1 slept 1 discharges 1 2013 1 carcass 1 middle 1 fishhook 1 chewed 1 peirce 1 launched 1 indulged 1 adams 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flex 1 handed 1 eloquently 1 dutiful 1 liquor 1 high - tension 1 halfway 1 hitting 1 ahead 1 blacktop 1 relegated 1 adored 1 music 1 location 1 lumbers 1 carefully 1 engine 1 label 1 deserved 1 needs 1 focus 1 scratch 1 token 1 disfigured 1 discard 1 buttress 1 splinters 1 withdraws 1 lesbian 1 peculiar 1 discuss 1 deliver 1 gauzy 1 steady 1 fifteen - minute 1 necessarily 1 gnaw 1 rings 1 laughing 1 blows 1 forges 1 basilisk 1 disregard 1 braided 1 careen 1 drinks 1 venezuela 1 france 1 pursuit 1 disappeared 1 collects 1 scattering 1 bronze 1 brave 1 buttons 1 dwindles 1 ant 1 honest - to - betsy 1 ladies ' 1 buzzing 1 bat 1 award 1 ties 1 kato 1 bloodhound 1 consider 1 banana 1 noose 1 knuckle - whiteners 1 jabbing 1 stockings 1 funicello 1 funny 1 pursued 1 design 1 drawled 1 worried 1 maneuver 1 numerals 1 synaptic 1 picket 1 locks 1 digging 1 et 1 pulses 1 blurred 1 united 1 imperatives 1 parents 1 catches 1 chemicals 1 murdered 1 friendly 1 toilet 1 flea 1 monument 1 petrified 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 vein 1 g 1 diesel 1 fueled 1 entered 1 stir 1 hung 1 harangues 1 enters 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 boxed 1 stabbed 1 besides 1 bleach - blond 1 loved 1 hollowed 1 cluttering 1 curve 1 commercial 1 smug 1 muttering 1 disciple 1 worse 1 cinematic 1 respirator 1 snake - oil 1 broken 1 enamel 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sways 1 machinations 1 esoteric 1 holes 1 warmth 1 conclaves 1 news 1 so - called 1 worth 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 snuck 1 slippery 1 hubs 1 do - overs 1 lapd - o 1 fairy - tale 1 doughnuts 1 collided 1 dragging 1 divided 1 crystal - studded 1 frustration 1 sank 1 forefinger 1 lumped 1 yates 1 oblique 1 hospital 1 ce 1 marker 1 early 1 customary 1 maniacal 1 38 1 chloroformed 1 widower 1 smashes 1 plato 1 rumpled 1 addiction 1 backroom 1 criticized 1 swilled 1 throng 1 smooth 1 figure 1 walkin ' 1 ten - gallon 1 being 1 gibberish 1 priest 1 lanky 1 twist 1 planes 1 morgana 1 casinos 1 gravel 1 hers 1 brownstones 1 pleasure 1 gamut 1 porn 1 glances 1 sympathetic 1 bracing 1 candle 1 blinks 1 abducted 1 crying 1 holds 1 veins 1 boa 1 cutbacks 1 snoozing 1 regard 1 corridor 1 glare 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 drawings 1 barges 1 cowboy 1 hobby 1 swimmer 1 crimson 1 fruiting 1 leaking 1 managed 1 stewing 1 off - brand 1 softball 1 margins 1 proved 1 swaggered 1 whittlin ' 1 nurse 1 heels 1 clumps 1 oxygen 1 slowly 1 financed 1 king 1 cease 1 hefty 1 not - guilty 1 carried 1 jitters 1 capitol 1 nightcap 1 sweater 1 distribution 1 spike 1 stranger 1 folded 1 christ 's 1 coat 1 thunderheads 1 mess 1 supernova 1 coach 1 migrant 1 grainy 1 journalists 1 tubes 1 connections 1 pay 1 galleries 1 igloo 1 receive 1 slammed 1 toast 1 fund 1 wipes 1 cut 1 champ 1 clattering 1 flatness 1 realized 1 basically 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 demonic 1 lake 1 chasm 1 packed 1 meaning 1 largesse 1 gentle 1 leaguer 1 rolling 1 evaporated 1 longs 1 pussyfooting 1 obscurity 1 musty 1 martyr 1 hundred - car 1 shape 1 played 1 evil 1 falling 1 dictator 1 talent 1 north 1 1983 - 84 1 violins 1 negatives 1 attic 1 gaps 1 ward 1 maintain 1 afraid 1 abyss 1 kitten 1 housewives 1 gee 1 handsome 1 cooling 1 twice 1 vacuum 1 jewelry 1 counterpunching 1 flies 1 madcap 1 midnight 1 ricardo 1 radio - clock 1 closed 1 mouthful 1 dvd 1 globe 1 filled 1 international 1 o 1 owner - operator 1 dying 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 cannibal 1 usurp 1 priceless 1 burnt 1 police - drama 1 suddenly 1 apart 1 watches 1 curse 1 glorious 1 domain 1 filmed 1 congratulates 1 judith 1 corners 1 math 1 limousine 1 boom 1 watering 1 datsun 1 michelangelo 1 proving 1 anguish 1 ordained 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 squeak 1 grant 1 ample 1 utilities 1 use 1 theme 1 shallow 1 icebergs 1 white - gold 1 retrospective 1 tirelessly 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 panels 1 secretarial 1 dried 1 mentioned 1 rj 1 surfboard 1 back - page 1 bill 1 you 'd 1 facility 1 march 1 tumbler 1 anniversary 1 vindication 1 fellow 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 agate 1 hair 's 1 fool 1 taps 1 spaghetti 1 searching 1 belly 1 owns 1 sunlight 1 stick 1 profanities 1 ancients 1 surveillance 1 pebbled 1 hoarse 1 curls 1 suburban 1 stranger 's 1 wags 1 softly 1 magical 1 hemorrhaging 1 taste 1 ivy 1 trembles 1 planet 1 jury 1 greasy 1 70 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 embalming 1 trying 1 lay 1 entrance 1 placing 1 major 1 comprised 1 shindigs 1 forget 1 bastard 1 disembodied 1 play 1 oakland 1 particles 1 noise 1 infamous 1 learned 1 incongruity 1 auntie 1 mighty 1 rags 1 resurrects 1 widened 1 smoky 1 vessels 1 beforehand 1 board 1 moans 1 choked 1 lights 1 breast 1 guts 1 grasp 1 activity 1 oozing 1 birds 1 gropes 1 cookie 1 provocative 1 marvin 1 warped 1 flesh 1 flooded 1 bermuda 1 note 1 memos 1 rumors 1 market 1 fight 1 western 1 curl 1 eons 1 mitts 1 south 1 sorting 1 rendezvous 1 front 1 certain 1 barrel 1 asking 1 professional 1 geography 1 12 1 directly 1 china 1 fractal 1 rival 1 jagged 1 technicality 1 keens 1 government 1 occasionally 1 swiped 1 somethin ' 1 wholesome 1 promised 1 larry 1 stink 1 cement 1 river 1 bar 1 heads 1 pronounce 1 interest 1 reaches 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 sensibilities 1 cosmopolitan 1 conniver 1 men 1 greek 's 1 quantum 1 sags 1 forensics 1 hip 1 ghouls 1 drenched 1 patty 1 tapped 1 maintenance 1 loaned 1 suspicions 1 shell 1 squalid 1 rocketing 1 fiction 1 bulky 1 curled 1 assail 1 rage 1 grief 1 crater 1 lonesome 1 euphoria 1 pointing 1 sports 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 girders 1 disc 1 yelm 1 clamps 1 earth 1 bizarrely 1 tinsel 1 graphic 1 process 1 collecting 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 eyeballs 1 decipher 1 functionally 1 indictment 1 knowing 1 rotted 1 threw 1 business 1 strong - arm 1 tears 1 shines 1 good - natured 1 pads 1 bitter - sweet 1 hounds 1 wondered 1 lance 1 cameraman 1 exotic 1 bend 1 ceti 1 cortez 1 whereabouts 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 gurney 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 support 1 add 1 wrapped 1 salesman 1 inertia 1 crawls 1 created 1 bureau 1 colossus 1 happens 1 preceding 1 hoax 1 mostly 1 hollows 1 wife 's 1 negative 1 historic 1 hate 1 goddamn 1 constrictor 1 romance 1 designers 1 multiple 1 shaped 1 rental 1 clue 1 fixing 1 tick 1 lady 1 painted 1 marry 1 ticket 1 i-5 1 claws 1 dims 1 comment 1 filed 1 jar 1 humble 1 aftershave 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 micromoment 1 portfolio 1 open 1 mannequin 1 artistes 1 beg 1 interlaced 1 trusty 1 jumpsuit 1 part 's 1 plow 1 snopes 1 dog 1 splash 1 severed 1 jacked 1 bundle 1 clipper 1 disappear 1 shared 1 crossbar 1 kabbalists 1 muted 1 arrive 1 slope 1 pack 1 cicadas 1 connection 1 tapes 1 anyone 's 1 kaleidoscope 1 furtive 1 tat 1 lip 1 mesmerized 1 coordinates 1 rational 1 beast 1 shorn 1 arranged 1 sour 1 cycle 1 pity 1 jenna 1 hatefully 1 repository 1 materializes 1 bag 1 directions 1 impoverishment 1 windbreakers 1 kicking 1 promotional 1 lifting 1 deluxe 1 main 1 nerves 1 scrap 1 doodles 1 interior 1 feat 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 autopilot 1 sorrow 1 excellent 1 crumbling 1 opening 1 martin 1 palace 1 knickknacks 1 annie 1 month 1 simpson 1 float 1 orbit 1 closing 1 exuded 1 oak 1 demolition 1 static 1 tang 1 appears 1 national 1 taller 1 stand 1 incandesces 1 pushed 1 legion 1 ovaries 1 doin ' 1 beginning 1 shuddered 1 prompting 1 italian 1 husbands 1 scythes 1 study 1 arm 1 fundamental 1 family 1 characterize 1 california 1 rabbits 1 proper 1 sends 1 devotion 1 serried 1 midwest 1 bitch 1 halcyon 1 organized 1 safely 1 facing 1 gills 1 slip 1 lean 1 dreamscape 1 grieving 1 gastrointestinal 1 prove 1 fearless 1 bungalow 1 dead 1 curdles 1 together 1 ledger 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 hood 1 photo 1 greys ' 1 closet 1 overhand 1 compressed 1 assumes 1 humdrum 1 speeches 1 untouched 1 east 1 pauses 1 continent 1 security 1 unmistakably 1 purple 1 struggles 1 stared 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 cactus 1 adjusts 1 station 1 linen 1 wrecking 1 arrives 1 investigators 1 ridgeway 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 muses 1 saloon 1 understood 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 old - school 1 bestseller 1 moss - encrusted 1 esperanto 1 thick 1 starving 1 evident 1 remnants 1 random 1 tanks 1 run 1 wedge 1 precedent 1 answer 1 jackpot 1 rearview 1 treasures 1 disposable 1 badges 1 triangle 1 distend 1 sledgehammer 1 exhalations 1 fucking 1 vine 1 availed 1 frame 1 hog 1 remains 1 decent 1 grab 1 scrapes 1 lazy 1 variations 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 built 1 luxury 1 v 1 worries 1 memory 1 gathered 1 accepting 1 bones 1 catalyst 1 spine 1 unrestrained 1 credit 1 brawls 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 emails 1 congress 1 unlocked 1 threats 1 elements 1 accusations 1 observing 1 seems 1 perfume 1 clank 1 several 1 laughs 1 indulge 1 aware 1 stops 1 leagues 1 flinch 1 raveled 1 receded 1 wallop 1 wishes 1 corporate 1 record 1 sing 1 krakatoa 1 bloodstain 1 resemblance 1 designer - model 1 prolonged 1 apples 1 plush 1 mile 1 reel 1 border 1 talked 1 america 1 sweats 1 bound 1 shackles 1 counts 1 mature 1 foams 1 circumference 1 lock 1 tau 1 miles 1 images 1 iceboxes 1 shrill 1 sprung 1 whether 1 forever 1 possess 1 coordinate 1 neon 1 devil 's 1 feeling 1 dogged 1 thanks 1 grave 1 stutter 1 shakes 1 count 1 pillow 1 decolonized 1 deny 1 dumb 1 parks 1 gr 1 consternation 1 cruises 1 backed 1 unfortunate 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 sleepy 1 sagged 1 founders 1 bankers 1 towel 1 melancholy 1 rushes 1 joe 1 molted 1 finished 1 ripping 1 half 1 interrogations 1 straws 1 searched 1 appearances 1 nodding 1 doubt 1 dominic 1 panic 1 assault 1 hidden 1 testing 1 crowley 1 why 'd 1 hinterlands 1 double 1 squeeze 1 glamorous 1 hardly 1 slops 1 outer 1 handiwork 1 rottweiler 1 drowned 1 rooms 1 franchise 1 chums 1 kid 1 spokesperson 1 hives 1 scrambles 1 net 1 caressed 1 superb 1 environmental 1 shadow 1 prison - interview 1 attrition 1 considered 1 soap 1 climbin ' 1 stride 1 worst 1 rutted 1 witness 1 fierceness 1 cubes 1 glaze 1 pears 1 plummet 1 bleached 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 reasons 1 possession 1 private 1 slob 1 title 1 heel 1 rule 1 yarn 1 wind 1 cover 1 nger 1 slipping 1 covering 1 seagulls 1 magnet 1 warning 1 tonic 1 arrest 1 network 1 wrist 1 accounted 1 theories 1 doppelg 1 deserve 1 upcoming 1 tore 1 blinking 1 kindness 1 three - day 1 cruiser 's 1 spliced 1 clever 1 erupts 1 signed 1 became 1 popular 1 numbers 1 hey 1 theater 1 strip 1 overhead 1 miniature 1 shipment 1 handle 1 eh 1 coroner 's 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 87 1 coincidence 1 blurry 1 closes 1 inescapable 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 brood 1 sunday 's 1 hassle 1 bowed 1 drift 1 converted 1 pd 1 de 1 bomb 1 handsets 1 waxed 1 billion 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 blackouts 1 prerecorded 1 doctor 's 1 sat 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 collected 1 suffocated 1 toes 1 ski 1 premiere 1 elongated 1 savagely 1 archipelago 1 settles 1 hangs 1 often 1 intensity 1 cambridge 1 replacement 1 distracted 1 arose 1 ya 1 squashed 1 timeframe 1 chirr 1 treading 1 liverpool 1 francisco 1 summer 1 robots 1 xx-201957 1 whiskey 1 rich 1 fuses 1 prison 1 scary 1 explanation 1 7 1 loose 1 others 1 millstone 1 sent 1 sneaky 1 sinews 1 misdemeanor 1 shade 1 eaten 1 busload 1 alarm 1 fragile 1 clutches 1 decameron 1 builds 1 den 1 no - talent 1 expressed 1 saboteurs 1 given 1 aged 1 lotta 1 whimpering 1 gong 1 denied 1 nictitates 1 coward 1 pantry 1 ad 1 article 1 slot 1 link 1 wham 1 chat 1 lives 1 peer 1 territory 1 weeds 1 speaks 1 dealers 1 mammoth 1 asserted 1 macabre 1 donate 1 insignificant 1 savage 1 memorized 1 catching 1 patronizing 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 plausible 1 pathologists 1 visited 1 piles 1 motive 1 offer 1 pulls 1 dramatic 1 lava 1 haggard 1 tuesday 1 occult 1 rounds 1 flower - print 1 pie 1 bawling 1 thirty - six 1 mood 1 metaphorically 1 draped 1 pattern 1 fully 1 phantasmagoria 1 taking 1 well - pleased 1 cynic 1 agents 1 prefers 1 computers 1 needle 1 sonofagun 1 style 1 humdingers 1 signal 1 hooch 1 mason 's 1 farthest 1 neckties 1 twenty - or 1 herbal 1 television 1 rugby 1 afterimages 1 pulled 1 admitted 1 gods 1 lambada 1 crocodile 1 hears 1 chewing 1 fabled 1 mc 1 deformed 1 himself 1 indelible 1 properties 1 machines 1 county 1 scanning 1 rap 1 hitched 1 bullets 1 alive 1 pays 1 polychromatic 1 latent 1 tongue 1 quote 1 exclusive 1 paraplegia 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pours 1 face - saving 1 wither 1 guzzling 1 select 1 store 1 trip 1 silhouettes 1 pills 1 heap 1 native 1 douglas 1 machinery 1 statue 1 diapers 1 walking 1 attended 1 bank 1 bored 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 axe 1 slap 1 friend 1 youth 1 threshing 1 hums 1 pioneer 1 bull 1 wasted 1 seals 1 logjam 1 blew 1 knees 1 tit 1 they ' ve 1 frequency 1 shy 1 mar 1 doom 1 hamlet 1 lunches 1 dj 's 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 drowning 1 confirm 1 oils 1 empty 1 eco - terrorists 1 terminally 1 mother 1 hit - and - run 1 concentrate 1 exaggerated 1 retiree 1 evergreen 1 rifle 1 leftover 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 quiver 1 swinging 1 eyeliner 1 disqualified 1 vent 1 cramps 1 hits 1 etched 1 grabs 1 sneak 1 lab 1 swallowed 1 worm 1 seagull 1 bee 's 1 beef 1 stark 1 acclaimed 1 resembles 1 quickly 1 snake - skin 1 desire 1 trailing 1 festival 1 fruit 1 could n't 1 gloom 1 stamping 1 solid 1 finds 1 apron 1 are n't 1 culprit 1 tourist 1 darkens 1 newspaper 1 courtroom 1 causes 1 stashed 1 floating 1 dime 1 sold 1 shuts 1 suv 1 smithsonian 1 hang - ups 1 confiscated 1 spill 1 hydraulics 1 immense 1 wing 1 objects 1 palermo 1 unknown 1 machine 1 neglected 1 actresses 1 detractors 1 liver 1 williams 1 trap 1 scribbling 1 obeyed 1 twin 1 extortion 1 pull 1 divide 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 fidget 1 instead 1 sort 1 should n't 1 sauce 1 drank 1 florid 1 accomplish 1 illiterate 1 creased 1 bigger 1 maples 1 tu 1 vice 1 charisma 1 insubstantial 1 warns 1 balloonlike 1 intelligencer 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 divorce 1 clear 1 distends 1 schneider 's 1 nucleus 1 riptide 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 cigarette 1 feminine 1 knives 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 volunteers 1 strapped 1 otero 1 off - kilter 1 try 1 polish 1 pause 1 wayne 1 killed 1 enemy 1 paint 1 snap 1 paraffin 1 despise 1 wore 1 150 1 sunday 1 champagne 1 photographs 1 contacted 1 sandals 1 present 1 republic 1 fanfare 1 fog 1 headed 1 cashing 1 blockbuster 1 dome 1 creases 1 weather 1 comrades 1 unseasonably 1 swapped 1 common 1 stalked 1 precautions 1 driving 1 chord 1 tried 1 supposed 1 smelly 1 tells 1 walked 1 correct 1 noticed 1 alamogordo 1 lovely 1 flexible 1 five 1 utter 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 ja - ack 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 hornet 1 cathedral 1 club 1 jelly 1 list 1 multiplying 1 accident 1 tics 1 stage 1 massive 1 core 1 supper 1 angstrom 1 torpedoing 1 invisible 1 shrivel 1 bops 1 tunnel 1 confront 1 slowdown 1 spines 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 vocal 1 opens 1 designs 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 oprah 1 translucent 1 gold 1 shutter 1 dirge 1 poster 1 chance 1 majority 1 tube 1 aneurysm 1 involvement 1 raises 1 investigation 1 traces 1 correction 1 loyal 1 require 1 strikes 1 flamboyant 1 ride 1 rattling 1 volkswagen 1 montalb 1 starting 1 abusive 1 assholes 1 dairy 1 fata 1 genius 1 hang 1 gangstas 1 brought 1 orgies 1 mark 1 leaped 1 listen 1 foundation 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 shake 1 detonation 1 drop 1 ridge 1 underground 1 invention 1 couple 's 1 circumstantial 1 shudders 1 services 1 reduced 1 ghosts 1 soul 1 community 1 deed 1 flair 1 motels 1 anne 1 flowerbox 922 .
and the glory of salem 's towers and spires seen afar from marblehead 's pastures across the harbour against the setting sun .
he assisted the farmers occasionally in the lighter labors of their farms , helped to make hay , mended the fences , took the horses to water , drove the cows from pasture , and cut wood for the winter fire .
the day is n't far off now , when it consumes the earth and moves on to greener pastures , to reclaim its rightful place in the galaxy .
even most of those had moved to greener pastures after that bad business with the loggers several years back .
eustace sprang away , sailing over the railing like it was a fence in a pasture .
it only took two months after the fall of bayonne for their leader to decide that there were greener pastures and choicer apples to pick .
a helicopter with whirling blades was at the west end of the pasture beyond .
then he led the unicorn out into a small pasture , even though he knew it was actually a garden because pastures were for horses .
then he led the unicorn out into a small pasture , even though he knew it was actually a garden because pastures were for horses .
i cleaned the house , pulled weeds in the defunct garden , checked fences , pulled water from the well , picked rocks out of the lawn and small pasture , and washed the clothes by hand , hanging them to dry on a makeshift clothesline .
had they been in the sway to the south , brine would have guessed he was listening to the passage of a bull or stallion stamping through the pasture , but since they were here in the fields of arns promise , he guessed it was the adult male of another species .
chapter 6 on the other side of the kingdom , at the point in the sprawling landscape where the hills of onador leveled out and the rolling pastures of the sway swept peacefully to the south , reetsle baggershaft heard rustling for the second time that day .
at no time , however , did he hear the continued rustle of the creature as it cut its way through the pasture .
he shook his head and spat at the prairie , clenching his uneven teeth and trying to hold back his growing frustration , a feat which might have proven more effective had he lowered himself in the grass and taken his eyes from the pasture .
and ifn i get back there , he fumed , barreling into the matted grasses where the pasture became camp , an i see ole fancy with so much as a rock in his hand he rounded a pile of feed sacks and the red blaze of the campfire swung into view .
mums was still staring dreamily at the pastures in the east , her watery brown cows eyes soaking up the growing shadows .
looking over , he found the titan as he d left her , her liquid cows eyes still soaking up the pasture .
he slid towards the opening in his canvascareful not to disturb the cat - thing sleeping in the small of his backand searched the surrounding pasture .
cocking his ear at the pasture , he said , come again ?
she held that position for a moment , then turned back the opposite direction and peered out at the shadow - riddled pasture from other side of her head .
mums said , are you referring to the pasture , reetsle ?
had he only his eyes to rely upon , he might have said the pale creature on the other side of the ridge was a cougar or bobcat or some other round - faced feline , but since he was also viewing the animal through a thick pane of past experience , he knew that cougars and bobcats in this region stayed out of the pastures .
the melted - thing filled the pasture with another bubbling cry , and beneath his beard jaysh felt zeph twitch against him .
no , no , no , no , no zeph stared a moment longer , then turned to the gap in the camouflage screen and sniffed the shadowy air , sniffing it once , then twice , then even as her eyes went bulging , jaysh made a grab for her , his fingers sinking in the grass as zeph bolted for the pasture .
chapter 18 sliding over the lip of the devils dome and into the golden ones abode , kowin the healer felt like bolting for the pasture as well .
around him , the silence of the sway continued ringing in his ears , a thousand muted voices screaming out in unison , screaming at the gathering gloom in the east as it came sweeping through the pasture .
they were arms , a pair of gargantuan arms , and if he had any lingering doubts , he need only look at the pair of gargantuan hands rising from the pasture and pressing finger - holes in the soil .
he stopped searching the pasture and turned his head to the nightfall beyond his feet .
jaysh thought back to his harrowing flight across the pasture , recalling the way these vicious fiends had ducked his thrusts and dodged his kicks and remembering as well the gelid feeling of despair that overcame him as he watched them evade his strikes .
it was the thing up ahead of them , the thing that looked like a wall of black cotton sliding sideways across the pasture .
they led out of the pastures to the east , stopped where goat had been violently devoured , and then sprinted back the way they d come .
giving his frustration time to wane , jaysh made another wet donation to the pasture and said , bit late fer that , do nt yeh think ?
on either side of her , the captain and the halfling sat wrestling their steeds , and out beyond that , the pastures of the sway rolled out into forever .
the reasonable arguments she had concocted while riding across the pastures no longer seemed reasonable , not in the face of the swamp she saw taking shape before her .
she had known the price even before she plucked him from the pasture and led him from the fray .
jaysh had never really thought about it before , but it just dawned on him that the pastures of the sway , or possibly the kingdom as a whole , must be steeper in the east .
children grew up blonde and tall , with thick , strong shoulders , and the rich soil that provided generations of german farmers with abundant crops and dairy pastures caused prosperity and growth .
if she glanced over her shoulder , she would see an aged poplar tree and part of a rickety fence that was the end of the cow pasture .
we led the dogs out to the brush beyond the pasture and let them go .
she would run away to sit in the high grass of a pasture or cool her feet in the cow pond .
most prospectors who had any sense went off in search of greener pastures but of course there were a few stubborn old goats that still insisted on playing out their hand .
anton freed himself from his fathers grip and left the house in a hurry , slamming the door behind him and running at full speed across the pasture .
later that night , michael led him to a pasture that contained a single , scrawny cow .
hoss had saved the flank of a horse they d killed the night before in a pasture across the highway , and now he fed it to the newly turned vampire .
much of the land still showed evidence of its past life as pasture : tall oaks with very little undergrowth .
a cow bellowed from somewhere off in the southwest pasture .
she thought it must be killing henry ; his heard was nearing 50 head , and some of them had been put in uncle pauls pastures since paul and bea no longer raised them .
cayden bounced to the other side and soon they were all in a large pasture .
they came out of the pasture in front of the barn , and henry led them back to the pole barn .
the least it could have done was taken those things with it , henry said , nodding to his pasture .
they stopped to rest in an overgrown pasture surrounded by thick woods .
a few tall trees , mostly pine and oak , dotted the pasture with no undergrowth aside from grass that had since grown tall .
when all three vehicles had been started , ryhs backed up the pickup and drove so that the headlights shined on the drive and pastures on either side .
no shufflers wove their way through the pastures or surrounding woods .
it lay unvisited but fecund ; its vast pastures slowly reclaimed by wilderness .
but his brothermiles had always thought of his brothers life in the terms of a huge cow pasture .
and in this pasture waited one , exactly one , pile of cow shit .
he seemed proud of his skills in shepherding one of his lambs into a serene pasture .
she wondered , watching as the clown chased sparky across the enormous front pasture .
sparky was on the far side of the front pasture by the fence .
while the robot was doing battle against their mom and the clown , katie and dabney quickly climbed down from the hay loft and ran for the front pasture .
the walls kept paintings of soft pastures and sailboats on calm seas .
now meandering around the pasture occasionally stopping to eat some hay , then moving on again .
` ` meera 's heading off for pastures distant , might not be back this way for several months , wants to say goodbye in style . ''
cambry walks on three or four steps by himself before realizing that dawg has stopped cold , is just standing there in the middle of the muddy cow pasture .
` ` have you forgotten what we were like then when we were still first rate and the day came fat with an apple in its mouth ` ` it 's no use worrying about time but we did have a few tricks up our sleeves and turned some sharp corners ` ` the whole pasture looked like our meal we did n't need speedometers we could manage cocktails out of ice and water ... '' something happened to me there .
cattle ran around in their stalls or knocked down the fences of their pastures .
i said , ' as far as anyone knows , brian lippy just took off for greener pastures .
next thing you know , they 'll be doing human sacrifices in griffen 's pasture .
and you can stand on your stoop or in your dooryard at midafternoon and watch the cloud shadows rush across griffen 's pasture and up schoolyard hill , light and dark , light and dark , like the shutters of the gods being opened and closed .
suddenly his eyes made out a more solid shadow , standing by the stone wall that ran between the road and carl smith 's back pasture .
she pulled over onto the soft shoulder outside the village limits , and walked out into carl smith 's west pasture to where a roll of red - painted snow fence was curled up , waiting for winter .
the smoke had been in the air all morning , but now , at one in the afternoon , you could see the bright arteries of fire dancing in the green beyond griffen 's pasture .
' go forty paces into charles griffen 's north pasture and look under the large rock .
and the insect , usually completely unharmed , would buzz merrily out of the smoking wreck , looking for greener pastures .
he makes me lie down in the green pastures .
they crossed the road and entered a mild green pasture that climbed upward at a steep angle under the moving white clouds and bright blue sky .
he roamed , led by the moon , through barnyards and pastures , past isolated suburban houses and down unfinished roads where bulldozers and giant asymmetrical rollers sat like sleeping dinosaurs on the banks .
we thought we were going to have maybe two hundred local kids in hake 's east pasture listening to music .
young ashley ruvall saw her coming and pulled his bike a prudent distance off the road and stood astride it in justin hurd 's north pasture until she was gone .
as far as the fire wardens at three knew , the fire could be in frank spruce 's east pasture or a mile into the woods .
in the east , just above the faint fuzz that marked a belt of pines at the end of the east pasture , he could see the sun .
she is dreaming of nice things - of pastures with dried grass coming up to her waist , of lakes where she can float stretched out on the surface , her skin tickled by the taut skin of the water , she like nothing but a little scurrying waterbug whiling away her time between the sea and the sky .
they stay on the road that follows the reservoir 's north bank , and in a few hours they are beyond its tip where the barren dirt plains give way to patches of pasture and farmland .
he found his steed standing idly in the grassy pasture , seeming to be content to stare at the low hills in the distance .
jessica watched as jenny took the horses to the pasture behind the barn .
i guessed that , being a red - blooded , hetero male , he was off pursuing other bikinid pastures .
a small gust of wind flowed over the green grass of the pasture .
sound echoed across the pasture .
further and further he climbed , scanning the pasture for his son .
chapter 4 at midmorning the goats had scattered across the pasture .
they assigned sentries to guard the pasture fences first thing in the morning .
the view of the pasture warmed his tummy .
he bounced over the fence and into the pasture .
the pasture was still and green without a single goat frolicking through it .
there from the window his eyes followed the tracks across the pasture .
sparky flashed back to his farm home , romping in his youth around the pastures with oliver .
he closed his eyes and strove to imagine the feeling of being home in the open fields and pastures .
sparky was nt listening ; it was easier to envision the pastures .
frank looked out over the pasture , green and lacking in bars .
the little ones were all scattered about the pasture : one , two , three , and four .
let us away to pastures new .
the farmer 's flintlock dropped as well , firing blindly into a nearby pasture and striking his ass , killing it instantly .
i ve suffered from it for the last 40 years , wasting away , losing weight out of sheer depression , turning my reindeer out to pasture .
thereafter followed several financially disastrous years during which time those employees that were able to find alternate employment left for greener pastures .
in dire straits , and with no one interested in running the company , the three stooges were promoted after their predecessors left for greener pastures .
i watched a flock of sheep scatter through a pasture at our approach .
he noted that before the path reached the summit it narrowed to a defile which was bordered by the most precipitous of all pastures : everything here is wild , strange and beautiful : the hill up which winds the path towers above on the right , whilst on the farther side of a profound ravine rises an immense mountain , to whose extreme altitudes the eye is scarcely able to attain , but the most singular feature of this pass are the hanging fields or meadows which cover its sides .
other times a small child would have a cow on a rope , making sure that the valuable family ruminant did nt waste any of these little oblongs of pasture , eating up every last blade of grass , grazing right up to the line of the neighbours adjoining plot .
claudio explained that they also had a small orchard in which they grew apples , lemons and soft fruit , a kitchen garden with root vegetables , cabbage and herbs , as well as enough pasture for the three cattle that provided them with an income from the sale of milk and beef .
it dissolved as she watched it , moving on to greener pastures already , so to speak .
conversely , he was not yet ready to be put out to pasture and he was certainly no fool .
even the plant looked as if it were dreaming of greener pastures .
when he reached the now abandoned habitat , formerly the home of simon the wiz abernathy , his neighbors , having already claimed the salvageable items left behind , informed the cop that their friend had apparently , with all the strange goings on as of late , moved on to greener pastures .
munroe washington had torn down a fence and turned his cow pasture across the highway into a $ 10.00 a day parking lot .
the pasture was packed with motorhomes , pickups and cars of every vintage .
you seen my pasture , munroe answered .
were finished for the night , abe said , and they walked across the highway to the trailer in munroes pasture .
in a few minutes they passed munroes pasture .
using the money they collected from their parking - lot venture he and his son , jesse , put in a petting zoo and waterpark at the far end of the pasture .
stirg was a heavy hitter in the past , and now he was out to pasture , and did nt like it .
the team had gotten very lucky , finding people with serious money , ready for new pastures , and with the unusual combination of being cultured and shady .
at the bottom it made a t. on the right was a huge mall ; on the left were houses ; and straight ahead was a large , open pasture with a barbed wire fence .
i bounced over and over , finally coming to rest in the pasture .
` ` it looks like the fire started at a point in our north pasture . ''
they walked down through the first low cool pasture that marked the mere edge of white 's land and put the farmhouse quickly behind them .
she saw a castle where deer roamed in pastures dotted with majestic trees .
he contemplated the road ahead , the neat pastures and fencing .
did he want to replace the memory of stripping off his clothes as a six - year - old and running happily through the pasture until his mother called the state policeman who slipped in a cow - pie and broke his leg , with the name of a vegetable dish ?
freshly coiffed in a manly crew cut , he was a changed sixteen - year - old and began to jog through the pastures and lift weights .
carrying a chainsaw and two axes , the pair trudged over the yellow stubble of hayfields to the cow pasture , grasshoppers buzzing away with each step .
he missed a barbed - wire fence at the last minute by pulling up his knees and landed in a cow pasture .
i ... uh ... landed in a pasture .
the pasture had a fence .
by the time they walked back to the pasture , emersons teeth chattered from the cold .
as emerson followed him across the cow pasture , dean glanced back and thought that yes , she did look a bit odd , but he adjusted the eyeholes in his sheet and kept walking .
after another mile of walking along the road and past fenced pastures , a cluster of white buildings appeared over a rise .
they 're put out to pasture .
of course , we had to swing by pamelas so she could change into something heidi klum might select for snooping through dark fields and rocky pastures under a waxing , springtime moon .
i love old ladies but this one was a bit out to pasture ( sweet , though , very sweet ) and she s definitely breaking down ; she s the proven proposition .
i munch away like a cow grazing in the pastures but to no affect .
yeah , i think my mum said something about them putting him out to pasture because he s not up to working with children anymore and i always imagined him living on a farm and happily eating grass .
i m being put out to pasture , clover thought glumly .
instead , the wanderer 's feet settled first on gravel , second on grass , deserted pasture .
animals scattered , but the air was consumed in their lungs and they died without a scream as the hot wave advanced cross - country like an invading army , a maddened horde whose sole aim was to reduce everything to a colourless sand , to lay waste forest and pasture and raze every construct of man , to scour the land with a cruelty that was savage in its momentum , to push before it he who was fool enough to question the ravening of the dead , those sublunaries to whom he was champion , an unwilling advocate , a soul compelled to wander , he who had failed them even as he failed them now , the heat at his back scorching , the many tongues of a molten lash .
now it was a cow pasture .
they d believed the promises of politicians and look where that had gotten them , and they had believed the promises of their hearts when they had needed to hope that they could somehow make a life out of the land , the bedrock , the barren , rocky land , the beautiful , fickle land that they had acquired so easily but kept at their peril , afraid to venture forth to greener pastures , until there were no greener pastures to venture forth to , and look where that had gotten them , so why not believe the promise of this preacher with his young innocent virgin , why not ?
they d believed the promises of politicians and look where that had gotten them , and they had believed the promises of their hearts when they had needed to hope that they could somehow make a life out of the land , the bedrock , the barren , rocky land , the beautiful , fickle land that they had acquired so easily but kept at their peril , afraid to venture forth to greener pastures , until there were no greener pastures to venture forth to , and look where that had gotten them , so why not believe the promise of this preacher with his young innocent virgin , why not ?
when the wind was brisk and from the south , he could also pick up the clanging of the bells on the cows and goats in the pastures of m. leschemell and the crying of the ewes of m. constans when their kids were taken from them , in the adjoining meadow , just below the village .
in fact every place they had passed was surrounded with fields , and pasture , the homestead buildings like an oasis .
wilsons got these heifers grazing in the midst of things and an occasional young bull he sneaks in there to pasture breed .
even though he hoped it still would be summer or early fall , with plenty of green grass in all the pastures , he would do it anyways : a ceremonial of hay , just two or three , for the cows .
maybe even blending of winter into early springa time when the mountain of the hay would have melted to a pile , a time when the cows would willingly put their noses into all of that sweet hay and dream of being set free into the pasture greening up outside .
that left the sheep in a little patch around the fold , the cattle up by the barn , the horses in the barn or a little space of night pasture that we had fenced off to the east .
soon the stock would be out on the pasture i had leased .
why does thy anger smoke against the sheep of thy pasture ?
that was how he put it , early one afternoon , sitting at the nook in the back of the place where they could look out on the two acres of good creek - bottom pasture before the hills came down , as if to touch this place .
right about at the edge of things : where trees meet pasture and breath finds the air .
she walked past the barbed - wire fence , through the gate and into the pasture , and then , when casey was looking at the gray mare getting acquainted again with the yearlings and the two year - old bay gelding , the younger mare turned and walked back out .
she stood there on the pavement of the county road in the gathering pools of the darkness and soft hush of the land waiting for night and looked at them , humans and horses , looking back at her from the fenceline and the green of acres of pasture , waiting .
during his visits , it usually went this way for a good week before the pasture transfer began .
they had an acre of pasture both to the right and left of the house and the two horses , both geldings , traded human attention for the night ramblings the others were enjoying in the bigger pasture to the west .
they had an acre of pasture both to the right and left of the house and the two horses , both geldings , traded human attention for the night ramblings the others were enjoying in the bigger pasture to the west .
perhaps the trees were smaller , although some of the bigger ones were surely logged off , and perhaps there was more pasture about .
there were holsteins grazing and other clustered under some oak trees in the pasture of one farm .
they would be ready for pasture next month , except the youngest group of ten .
they would travel some in the next few days , with john helping out with chores and most of the stock out on pasture .
they lived in a tar - paper shack at the edge of his fathers land , near the wetlands and downhill from the former pastures back when it was a working farm .
with the money he got from sellin the cows and chickens and the pastures on the other side of the road , he had an artesian well dug , then did the rest of the work himself .
she could just as well have waded the wide but shallow part of the creek that ran through the culvert under the road and divided the small sparse pasture from the barnyard , but she never learned that simple convenience .
i peer below towards the shifting lands and the pastures and meadows blister like skin pressed against a hot skillet .
early afternoon , the forests and lakes are replaced with rolling pasture , which then flattens out into prairie field .
we drop the fee in the registration box , set up our tent , and spend the night with the lake on one side , a pasture of cows on the other , and bear butte standing over us in the background .
from the bedroom window he saw rolling pastures and orchards so perfect you knew they had been arranged .
and then she would have left him for greener pastures and he would have realized that she had deceived him .
when they drop them back down it reminds frank of cows in a pasture .
inside the fence is cropped pasture surrounding an island of swamp maples .
just meet me out at the pasture .
there s a metal gate that leads into a pasture on the other side of maxies truck .
maybe his body would be discovered soon enough that the pasture would still be muddy from the rain .
when the slope ended and the pasture leveled out , the pickup soon stopped .
it was even colder down on the pasture bottom .
the cop did nt have a remote pasture in mind when he gave that advice .
budda figured he could get the attention of the cows in the pasture , but he did nt imagine they could do much to free him from his situation .
budda started to walk beneath the fence to where the ditch would end , but he did nt know how far he had walked or if he was still in the pasture .
from what little budda could make out of his surroundings , he concluded he was still in the same pasture with starkwethers .
he was nt too worried about odyn , yet the old lesabre would easily get stuck in the muddy pasture , and odyn would nt get out to walk but budda knew maxie could chase after him nearly anywhere in the truck .
from how long it had taken odyn and him to arrive at the pasture , he guessed the town was at least five miles away .
budda now was certain that he was still in the same pasture he had entered .
when budda came to the pastures entrance , he still had nt seen or heard anyone .
only one set of tire tracks was visible in the mud , but it had started raining only after the pickup had entered the pasture .
he hurried past the entrance , still inside the pasture .
in that spot , the road was elevated slightly above the pasture .
budda did nt know what kind of pickup the starkwether boys drove it had been too dark to tell in the pasture but it would be foolish to assume the ford belonged to anyone else .
he d left his cellphone , which might still have a drip of battery life , in the backpack , which was in the garbage bag , which was now keeping cortez company at the bottom of a ditch in a remote cow pasture .
chapter 6 6:17 a.m. sunlight splayed a ribbon of light across the pasture i now traversed .
aside from the innumerable bumpkins filing in from all ridges within the pasture and adjoining environs , i noticed an assortment of farm animals on display .
in this case , that amounted to another four hundred paces to a natural recession between the hillocks , which soon reversed itself into an elevated pasture dotted with the evidence of human intervention .
i materialized upon a beach that looked like a pasture of crushed limestone .
tis a dribbling chore to un - seed a pasture prior sowed .
the truth of the matter resided in much grimmer pastures .
he maketh me to lie down in green pastures , recited henry .
yellow pastures , replied kid crazy drummer , giving henry the finger while undulating his hips in a grotesque and somewhat pornographic rendition of elvis performing jailhouse rock .
the investment bankers do some blowcaine off their pinky nails while i think about the emerald pastures of islay .
the rest of the sheep , looking at one another for reassurance and apparently not finding it , dug in after him , emptying the pen into the pasture where the rest waited to be sheared .
at first it looked like he was headed back to the pasture he d escaped from and was going to cross in front of the tractor , but instead the lamb cut hard just short of the versatile and took cover under it .
the boy looked toward the sheep gathered out in the pasture .
james carl and billy ended their conversation and herded in the animals from the pasture through hog panel corrals they d rigged up for that purpose .
they had enough pasture for their goats and horses , wood for their stove and fences , room for the chickens to roam , and their own clear view of the dark night sky where the stars were still shining for them .
the goats needed milking and being led out to pasture .
the pastures from both sides were illuminated , as well as the rows of factories leading up to the iron gate .
into harvested - fields and open - grazed pastures .
compound three or four - storied building alongside creosoted - fences before the graffiti - walled enclosed - ditch between poplar and ash - growing pastures , unharvested - fields .
but he would probably name it after what it was , he said , an old psalm , and old psalm from the mountain pastures .
and , he added , he had been told that the melody had come down to the village from the mountain pastures .
then she added , eyes still back on the years , i asked mauritz about it once , about beautiful music for organs , if he knew of any , anything like an old mountain pasture psalm , or of any organists , but he did nt know .
its swedish name was gammal fabodpsalm , which translates to old mountain pasture psalm .
its a mountain pasture , she said .
down a wide pasture to our right i could see another cabin , and just beyond it a small lake , dark and still .
he passed the huddled cottages and veered left down the wide pasture and made for the little house by the lake , soft lights in the windows .
lets just say she s moved on to greener pastures and were both better off for it .
the landowners are seeing this and sending off my family from the pastures saying why should i not have the best producing herds ?
did you think we have been ringing cowbells in the alpine pasture until you came along ?
xi , elizabeth in paris , 1980 the concorde flew low over the green pastures of northern france , along the meandering seine , and into charles de gaulle airport .
looking at his crops , or walking the draw in the valley , or following cattle in the upturned slope of pasture , these knobby juttings of his corner of the world were as personal as the scars on his body , as the memories of his childhood , as the unspoken desires that he kept to himself .
she drove it to the pasture fence and stopped , dismounted , opened the gate , climbed back on the 4 - wheeler , then drove through the gate , dismounted , stopping again to shut the gate , then on to the pasture to herd the cows for the morning milking .
she drove it to the pasture fence and stopped , dismounted , opened the gate , climbed back on the 4 - wheeler , then drove through the gate , dismounted , stopping again to shut the gate , then on to the pasture to herd the cows for the morning milking .
ray drove the 4 - wheeler to the pasture , to a thicket of trees on the edge of the property line where the family hewed its firewood .
the bumps of the pasture jostled enough that jacob had to link his hands around his father 's waist , fastening himself to the solid torso .
at the top of the hill in the pasture , he glanced back and witnessed the boy raise the axe overhead and take a swing .
after some twenty swings , jacob began to let his eyes wander the pasture for some greater tool , something from the earth , some naturally occurring saw to use on the stumps .
but if jacob walked up the pasture to get it , ray would surely crap a green worm .
even joke hardly waved any more after the gun - brandishing day that day long ago when ray shot a deer in the marak pasture and it bounded across the fence , wounded , and came to rest behind one of frye 's machine sheds .
knowing this history , jacob risked his life to cross the line into the frye 's pasture .
along the ground in the pasture , chunks of metal , old machinery , rims , chains , rolls of wire , scrap iron , broken chopper boxes all of it rusted out from sitting in the elements for years .
on his way to the pile for another armload , he heard the sound of an engine in the pasture .
he could see the rest of the herd wandering in the distant pasture , heads down , foddering on the browning grass .
god knows we ' ve walked this pasture one too many times already .
the faint sound of an whining engine came from a distance , followed by the sight of the 4 - wheeler appearing on the downslope of the pasture , coming toward jacob .
ray returned to the deep end of the pasture expecting to see the same stumps unbroken .
scores of grubs had come along for the ride from the neighboring pasture .
the bumps and mudpies in the pasture forced him to wrap his hands around his father 's waist again to hang on .
the giant tumbled on the pasture ground .
ray said , ` ` what did i tell you in the pasture today , jacob ? ''
the lights of the milkhouse glowed , meaning renee , for the second time in a day , had ridden the four - wheeler out to the pasture and collected the cattle for milking .
you can follow the roadway to the high pastures . ''
chapter 1 david fuller gazed through the kitchen window across the pasture to the deep green of the tree line beyond .
to his right , the ribbon of road rose and fell between rolling , pasture - covered hills .
at the top the open pastures gave way to side streets lined with houses much like his own .
maybe he could just run away to live in the woods at the other side of the pasture .
spreading the strands of rusty barbed wire , he bent down , stepped through the fence , and set off through the knee high pasture grass .
at the top of the rise the pasture sloped away toward the north and west to a shallow valley filled with large treesoak or walnut , he guessed .
he strolled casually to the edge of the trees , stopped , and peered through the leaves just in time to see the man step through the fence at the southern border of the pasture and disappear into the trees at the edge of the road .
he whimpered a tiny cry of triumph as he emerged from the trees into the pasture , celebrating reaching the half - way point .
the real problem , he knew , was that virtually all the fun things to do around the houseplaying catch , hitting rocks into the pasture with his moms tennis racket , playing cardswere no fun without someone to do them with , which led him back to shelton .
he turned the horse loose in a small fenced pasture behind the house , after unhitching her from the wagon in a shed that seemed to have been made to hold a carriage .
and then , like another miracle , they saw a barn , and grazing in a nearby pasture was a horse , a sturdy looking little palomino with a shaggy white mane and long tail .
as they walked toward the pasture , a boy came out of the house and onto the porch .
spinning windmills pivoting back and forth in the shifting breeze , the fields a patchwork of different - colored grains , scatterings of black - spotted cows dotting the distant pastures .
do the best you can and look for greener pastures .
come , let us retreat into the cool pastures .
a modest fleet of sailing vessels rested at his docks , and herds of cattle , sheep and feisty horses roamed his pastures .
i will fetch him out of the pastures , and then we set sail immediately , said mgen - el , and he turned to leave , his armor and weapons clattering .
to hear them talk , the pastures of the royal land stretched far beyond the horizon , where they kissed the deep blue sky , and the black soil yielded abundantly .
shit , some of my brothers and i ought to take that guy out to pasture and pound his heiny .
< > < > < > the crickets chirped loudly as samuel and carolanne strolled along the path near his uncles pasture .
as phoebe loped across the pasture that abutted the outer show ring , she spotted jamie painting a fence post .
his chickie was born in a red barn and wanted to see if his mama chickie still lived in a red barn , so zander ran across the pasture , pushed the barn door open and wandered inside .
we must recover the bullion they have stolen and return the cattle to their pastures .
men , sage said to the drivers , when we get to the ranch , pull the wagons into the barn , unhook the mules , and turn them loose in the pasture .
there d been more rain , the mud had washed away and the car was sitting high and dry on good pasture 50 metres further down the hill , looking like it had just been washed .
glen spooked and his attention fired off in every direction : the log fence and the horse enclosure ; towards the pasture located around the edge of the woods ; the gap in the trees that marked the start of a riding trail .
now there were more than half a dozen horses in the pasture and two old , big dogs that would follow them where ever they went .
and it took nearly half an hour before everyone was bundled outside by the pasture , and tranh and his helpers began the fireworks display that accompanied beethovens fifth symphony .
the snow blower had cut a wide half - mile track around the outside of the pasture beside the house , and when it was done , the track was a deep cut through high drifts of snow , piled higher and higher , as the snow blower circled and blew the snow twenty feet into the air .
the first six weeks of every year at the farm saw each saturday and many evenings taken up with the children practicing on the big oval course in the pasture for the ice races to come in mid february .
after that , for the next six weeks , until tundra rose into the air above the pasture and flew away , when he would turn his head back with his yellow eyes staring back , mother and daughter would go together every morning to tend to the healing of the bird that would be very late in his migration back to the arctic .
the grass in the meadow turned green , as did the woodland moss , and then yellow coins of dandelion flowers scattered their treasure through the pastures .
back in the pasture , the mood was electric with the release of joy and grief and music .
these new circumstances brought with them , aloft in the muggy air , the pervading monition that an individual , immersed as he may be in the thrill of a new persona , must avoid becoming too consumed with this role , lest the role should , itself , succeed in consuming him ; mindful of such dangers , he paused briefly from his duties to catch his breath only to discover a procession of men trekking over a distant hilltop , carving into the elaborate stone pillars that lined it the edicts of a young and ambitious king whounbeknownst to the localshad long since laid claim to this land , declared as his subjects its peoples , and decreed , for the prosperity and tranquility of both , a series of severe religious and civil codes which , on transgression , bore devastating and horrific consequences ; adrift in his secret jealousies and mad yearnings , the sickened and hungry peasant fancied for himself a nature of kingly form , markedly different from that of the enviable totalitarian upon whom he spied : he constructed for himself from the substance of dream his own kingdom where he , too , could be the young and ambitious kingmuch younger , naturally , than he had been external to this whimsy and more ambitious than the implements at his disposal would allow him to be , for in the depths of his imagination , he could be afforded the luxury of forgetting his age and the fortitude to disentangle from the limitations imposed on him by this simple , passionless existence his unextinguished vigor , until he unleashed from within himself the capacity to reduce to dust and innocuous vibration all which had heretofore comprised his immediate circumstances , leaving in the lurch the diminishing residuum of that lurking phantom called time ; as this youthful , but unlikely sovereign , he ruled with utter malice and unquestionable self - interestas all autocrats shouldover a country made up not of men , nor of any other nature of hominian beast , but rather of blades of grass ; and as an embodiment of the grasses shared hopes and aspirations , his ascendancy to the throne was followed almost immediately by another inexplicable transformation , wherein he found himself assuming the shape of the grass itself , albeit , not in the form of a single , solitary blade , but as the whole of which all solitary blades must invariably become parts ; extended further in his fancy , he spread himself beyond the horizons to take on more topographical forms : those of pastures rolling into grass - stalked hills and smoothly - contoured valleys , oscillating upwards and then downwards , convexly then concavely , before descending finally to plainspunctuated by wild grasses , tangles of weeds , roots , and cohabitating mossesall of whom he forged together into a singular soul , a distinct and consolidated group consciousness which rippled passively in the traversing breeze ; if this was not enough , the idling and imaginative peasant was visited quite suddenly by the prospect of consociating with this amalgamated group awareness a realm with which he maintained a greater familiarity : the realm of man ; henceforth , he became the binding force of all social groups , the avatar of that shared pride and sense of belonging that formed the basis of all patriotism ; he became the collective search for meaning in the arts , the sciences , the humanities , and abidingly , in religion ; then he evolved once more : this time into an unquenchable sense of dread , a nagging lack of assurance brought on by those daunting remainders which purported themselves negligible in the face of their accompanying solutions , as though expecting one to ignore blatantly the ensuant implication that no answer could truly be whole ; he , thereupon , assumed the aspect of mathematical determinism , which compelled him rigidly and fastidiouslyas though overwrought by a newfound strain of numeric cynicismto seek to reduce all known quantities to nihility ; accordingly he came to languish in a fresh despair and he descended like a twirling , swaying feather back to the safer and more comfortable sphere of anti - intellectual curiosity , as he wiped sweat from his brow and proceeded once more to till the fields .
flames were shooting up from the stables , the barn , the carriage house , the rat maze , the outhouse , the laboratory , the summer kitchen , the trees , and the pastures .
the farms with their white houses and barns , clotheslines hanging low with their burden of simple clothes , and picturesque pastures that looked like something from a painting .
she was used to open sky , cropland and pasture .
one night , the sort of night that comes when college students common sense is numbed by either too much studying or too much alcohol , peter took them to pastures west of a town aptly named slaughtersville and introduced them to cow tipping , a sport clearly created by bored and , likely intoxicated , country youth .
this cow pasture pool .
bullshit scooped up from a thousand oklahoma pastures .
we pushed our way past the ladies purses , which were rather like store turnstiles , and wedged our bodies through gaps in the wool suits and linen slacks that were as steamy and as stinky in the deserts warm winter sun as any pasture of sheep or field of flax on a hot day in june .
but when i came to the pasture i saw at once that something was not right .
soon thereafter andrew was with his load of water up there on the pasture .
i only mention it because i ve been visiting peaceful pastures a lot in the wake of my latest romantic debacle , and have begun seeing an analogy in the situation of the weary denizens of that establishment .
my father resides at peaceful pastures , which was originally why i started visiting .
i try to tell him a little bit about what s going on in my life at least i did before the donna thing or pointlessly ask him what 's been happening at peaceful pastures .
it 's not very interesting , for either of us i suppose , and after a while i 'll go looking for lina , who as far as i can tell is the only resident at peaceful pastures who 's still pretty hip .
othello is the feline mascot of peaceful pastures , and othello is very hip .
for my next visit to peaceful pastures it occurred to me for the first time to take hubble with me .
i suppose its a bit morbid , but peaceful pastures has sort of become my framework since donna left .
i did nt think a white one would be appropriate , but i found a nice tabby with yellow eyes and a white bib and white feet , and took it over to peaceful pastures .
i held him in my arms when he took his last breath and i buried him beneath a large white oak tree in the middle of a hay pasture last christmas .
the green pasture and the corn - fields made a setting of peace and permanence , where the cattle took their rest under wide branches .
surely their great - great - great - great - great - great - great great - granddaughters persisted somewhere , lived on in a stall or a pasture on some distant or near farm .
to the casual observer , box valley seems to be nothing but green pasture , but if you studied the view more closely you could see scores of farmhouses spread out across it .
` ` yea , though i walk through the valley of darkness , money maketh me to lie down in rich green pastures and restoreth my soul .
the time for decision probably wo nt come until the fall , with the new school year ; by then maybe coach mac will have gone on to greener pastures ; and sterling can play cat and mouse with his replacement .
why , i remember playing in the snowy pastures of bastogne when it was so cold that your hands could hardly grasp that old horse hide .
did he remember the heat of those afternoons , their canoe slipping through riffles , the pastures gold in the sunlight , another summer grew old .
a hillside and pasture had been cleared by generations past , and a compound of buildings surrounded a central windmill .
this field is a pasture , so we have to watch our step .
this field 's a pasture .
we 're bumping along the old lane that goes down the side of our pasture , doing about forty miles per hour , looking for papa off in the hay field .
most teachers go out to pasture and mail it in once they surpass those first three tenure years , but green had been reborn .
the director of media relations had been taking the brunt of the onslaught of media scrutiny , so she fled for the safer pastures of the gap .
the scenery was beautiful ; green pastures were draped in a soft fog , the air cooler than the ground , a hint of snow in the air .
horses and cattle roamed pastures at the skirt of homesteads both rich and poor .
farmsteads were comprised mostly of rough timber and hilly pastures , more suited to grazing cattle and pigs than raising crops .
i ve got just shy of twenty acres , said katie as they followed a well - worn path leading to a gated pasture .
you live the characters emotions and you ca nt be sure of the outcome until the last page.charles hough could not put it downalta de lang table of contents crazy things happen in paradise something to think about a first date in paradise we have visitors the end of my first date in paradise i m a cop againwell , in a way killing time interdigitating another first and options we make a connection mia and the jaguar we visit the scene of the crime mias short fuse mia leaves home the end of an almost perfect day bulls in the pasture langdons condition i get back to work the storm sometimes , life is excellent mia and phyllisan odd tag - team the dream the next daywe take a drive wellthats interesting !
bulls in the pasture earlier in the evening , i had been impressed by mias ability to levitate from sitting to standing faster than a speeding bullet .
have we finished with the two bulls in the same pasture stuff yet ?
if red catches me without my stick , hell check me into greener pastures retirement home before you can say boo .
moffat took in the sprawling ranch house , new barn and stable with fenced pasture beyond .
chairs had been arranged in the near pasture under the shade of the cottonwood trees .
she started to get out of bed when the door opened and in came fred carrying a tray of coffee , toast , fried eggs and bacon and a wildflower he had gathered from the pasture .
the riders moved out at a gentle pace following the trail to the south pasture and up over the rise to the creek beyond .
i asked jock as he navigated the narrow road between pastures full of sheep and cows .
i guess that was a case of the grass looking greener in the other pasture .
and if i catch anyone napping again , they ll be assigned to a cow pasture in hebron , indiana .
rolling pasture lands curved upward on either side of us , and old gabled houses peeped out from amid the thick green foliage , but behind the peaceful and sunlit country - side there rose ever , dark against the evening sky , the long , gloomy curve of the moor , broken by the jagged and sinister hills .
he said that he favored joses plan to put the horses out to pasture while they waited out the change of ownership .
there s a pasture that i have my eye on that would be a good place to keep them , while you decide what you want to do with them .
tom crean bolted for greener pastures despite the wealth of talent .
but cows and sheep sometimes get into it in grazing pasture .
the torch was extinguished the moment the guy decided the grass was greener on the other side of the pasture .
i fell over a fence into the pasture where grandpa winston held his meanest bull .
when i sailed over into its pasture , i literally was struck dumb .
` ` before i came here , i did n't do anything more adventurous than chasing cows that wandered out of the pasture .
the farm , where she kept her horse , was sixty acres of pasture and woodland an hour to the north and inland .
but as we rounded the old victorian i saw my dark bay horse out in one of the large pastures , happily munching rich grass .
the gate to this pasture was on the other side of it .
the approaching noise and sudden appearance of flashing lights from the white and green crown victoria sent blackie , in true equine fashion , fleeing to the far end of the pasture .
then i settled in and wrote diligently , but when i got to the part where i 'd entered the pasture i caught my breath and stopped writing .
i had unsnapped it , gone through , then slid the chain so i could secure the gate from the inside of the pasture .
` ` so , i think valerie would have fastened it on the inside when she went into the pasture . ''
blackie also enjoys the big pastures and companionship with duke , uncle henry 's horse .
she could have filled it easily from outside the pasture . ''
that was thea 's horse in that pasture .
it 's not every day you get your horse stolen , and find him in the same pasture with a body . ''
i went back to the pasture fence , parked my butt against the middle rail and watched him do what horses do best -- eat .
i stopped by blackie 's pasture to make sure he was fine before facing my aunt and uncle .
` ` why would she have been in the pasture then ? ''
as briefly as i could , i told him of finding valerie dead in her own pasture sunday morning , greg 's threat to blackie , and my meeting with detective thurman .
` ` i understand it was your horse in the pasture at her house . ''
` ` how did your horse come to be in that pasture ? ''
` ` i heard you found her in the pasture at her house and your horse was in the field with her .
chapter twelve my new theory niggled away at the back of my mind while i led blackie in from the pasture .
when our ride was over and i 'd given blackie the thorough grooming he needed , i put him out in the pasture with duke .
that would mean deliberately putting hoof prints in her perfect pastures , and i 'd seen how she reacted to a dog trotting through the field at the dressage club 's pasture - management meeting .
that would mean deliberately putting hoof prints in her perfect pastures , and i 'd seen how she reacted to a dog trotting through the field at the dressage club 's pasture - management meeting .
it was n't necessary to have a horse inside when you had lush pastures .
i knew she had groundskeepers who regularly mowed the pastures .
there were water troughs positioned near the gates in each of the three pastures , but none had water in them .
i was certain he intended to haul me to the pasture and shoot me at the spot where i 'd found valerie .
the gravel drive split grass pastures leading to an impressive log house nestled on a slight rise .
the day mechanics abrupt departure was due to greener pastures at the walmart supercenter fifteen miles up the road , and what that really meant was bubba had become the only mechanic in charge of buffords gas and grocery .
bulmer had no doubt moved to greener pastures but was sure to show up again .
the patchwork of green and gold pastures each side were faded with the summer heat .
heading out , he said that he would be working in the west pasture .
now , as hardy turned onto basin creek road past an open pasture , he could kick himself for how flippant he had been about the whole setup , never giving a single thought to what could go wrong .
she began to climb the shallow foothills , a candy - apple red spot lost amid the goldenrod fields and pastures , and noticed the temperature gauge on the dash begin to inch upward .
its a silly tantrum considering were out here in the middle of back - to - back pastures and the vampires are my only way home .
20 it was visible from the highway on the far side of a well grazed pasture dotted with grey stumps and an occasional pavilion of oak and palm .
it faced away from the river toward the pasture , a few outbuildings , and the sun .
when we finally arrived at the entrance to the pasture , it was blocked by a marked cruiser and police barricades .
he even offered to hook up the hay wagon to the tractor , so he could cut across the various pastures to transport guests to the site , saving them the drive on that bone - numbing road .
he promised they d get a great view of the mango grove and the ocean from the lower pasture .
i assume no ones told him about the shooting in his pasture .
he explained the lay of the land to us , pointing out the topography of the double t ranchs upper pasture .
just stay out of the upper pasture , in case there s still evidence there .
i should be able to look down on most of the lower pasture that way .
i continued walking toward the tree line ; i noticed the lack of water for irrigation became more pronounced as i passed through the pasture .
mr . gurnes family has always had an easement to the upper pasture .
a moment later , he put the machine in gear and rumbled down the driveway on the journey back to the pasture .
no , the answer has something to do with that upper pasture and the fact we found your bosss cell phone there .
it would have given the double t ranch direct access to the upper pasture , so we could move cattle like we used to do in the old days .
he did nt want anyone to associate what happened to you on the upper pasture with his plan to destroy rhona and michael .
is that why he was talking about selling the upper pasture ?
they talked over the details , including hiring a helicopter pilot to ferry them over from oahu and do a couple of passes over the upper pasture and surrounding area .
for the next couple of hours , the boscombs hosted an impromptu gathering of guests and friends on their veranda , and sure enough , according to the vulcan security operative watching howard , the soon - to - be ex - husband crawled through the woods and across the pasture , settling himself fifty yards or so from the crowd with a high - powered pair of binoculars .
that s practically right across the street from the entrance to the upper pasture , is nt it ?
a black silhouetted cattle barn in the pasture stood out against the starry night sky .
too much tension between divorcing spouses before that shooting in the pasture and the one man who tried to rescue the damsel in distress was missing ... . there s just one thing i have to ask .
i was looking for a spot on the ranch that might have both ocean and mountain views , even if they were nt quite as spectacular as the ones from the upper pasture of the double t ranch .
we go up there to check on the cattle when were moving them from pasture to pasture .
to the right was a small pen , and behind it was a larger pasture with a pair of small horses .
we strolled around to the back pasture , and one of the small horses ambled over to greet us .
friendly , i agreed , glancing back at the other horse which remained at the far end of the pasture .
i was pleased to see several black - and - white cows still occupied their comfortable , marshy pasture as i approached central turnpike .
summer got the shovel and a cardboard box and went out in the pasture and dug a hole .
the horses were frisky , running back and forth in the pasture , calling to each other to play .
the city of birmingham is located in the heart of dixie , a mass economic composite of cow pastures , crop farms , and businesses .
miss mary sue flagged me down at the pasture gate before driving up to the house .
i left after graduation for greener pastures , wondering if i would ever see him again .
one of the food servers will carry ya across the lawn to doc martins cottage in the north pasture doctoring your wound .
mary margaret stares at his semi - pale penis which might have seen sunlight for some strange reason , probably fucking a cowgirl in the grassy horse pasture , creates the sun - god image .
when he died , it had passed on to her parents , and upon their deaths to hannah and her younger brother ben , as had the surrounding thirty six acres of woods , pasture and farmland .
after eating a somewhat mealy apple from her apple tree , she put on her favorite overalls , combat boots and floppy hat and walked the half - mile to the front pasture to feed and water her five goats .
the pasture bordered woods on two sides and was close to the street , but there were no cars on the narrow , winding country road this morning .
as grandma johnson would say , onni was from the muddy side of the pasture .
and what greener pasture are you off to ?
a couple horses thoroughbreds , of course roamed her pasture , plus those blasted peacocks strutted freely wherever their hearts desired .
the horses in the east pasture frolicked in the coolness , and a pair of those dastardly peacocks strutted along the fence .
chapter 1 some mornings , before darkness gives way to light and a cold wind howls across the pasture and presses against the barn like a giant hand , i wonder what in the hell i ' m doing working on a horse farm .
in the muted light , the fencing rose and fell like a roller coaster , enclosing pastures that were otherwise empty , their inhabitants snug in the barn below .
owners who kept their horses at pasture for the winter would be looking for a facility like foxdale as the show season drew nearer .
outside , a strong breeze cut across the open pasture and funneled between the buildings .
by mid - morning , after the horses had been grained and hayed and the first batch was unenthusiastically plodding across pastures thick with frost , i took the rest of the day off .
the buildings were bathed in an early - morning wash of gray , and a ground - hugging mist had settled in the swales that cut through the pastures .
there were far too many trucks and trailers in the pasture to check them from a distance , so i walked up and down the rows .
the pasture 's tidy four - board fence dipped and rose with the hilly terrain , and the trees that were clumped on hillsides too steep to be mown were in full bud , their colors an echo of autumn .
exhibitors were already warming up their horses , lunging them in the pasture alongside the road , and hacking them in the ring .
` ` i was following his tracks on the trails back there behind the pasture , when they broke off and headed down here toward your barn . ''
i walked behind barn b and stood by the pasture gate .
i cut across the pasture .
the view across the horse pastures , even at night , was awe - inspiring .
near the big door , that led to the pasture .
he envisioned himself facing empty pews at sunday services , the few stalwart churchgoers who did attend diverted to feed on richer spiritual pastures .
she left about two weeks ago , for fields and pastures new .
it had loped away over the green pasture toward the rugged hillside , where its tawny coat blended to an invisibility among the granite rocks .
the deputy gave a whistle , and the horses approached them slowly , reluctant to abandon the lush pasture .
martin stood watching as the riders made their way through the pasture .
it was nine before craig broke out of the gloomy forest into the mountain pastures .
just how did a coward go about explaining to the most devoted person in his life that his best interest required he move along to greener and safer pastures ?
again i trespass , into the green of pasture , waist - high grasses , bushes and trees .
so just like many refugees of the past , from the dust bowl and the great depression , i went west to find greener pastures .
there was no question of crossing the pasture - there he would have no cover at all .
he had bought a house at 48 thomas park in 1980 , on a street atop one of southie 's rolling hills ; more than a few notches above the old harbor project in status , these hills , two centuries earlier , had been a windswept pasture of rich grass with a commanding view .
` ` there 's a girl in my cow pasture , '' don tatum said into the phone , and he sounded both tired and baffled .
she looked like she was heading to a rave instead of a cow pasture .
i turned toward the pasture .
we drove through the pastures in layton 's jeep until he found his perfect spot .
i jumped out of the jeep and just stood there , staring at the horses in the pasture .
he stared out into the pasture and smiled .
` ` mitch saw me out walking this morning and invited me to ride along with him as he checked on the fence in some pasture or something . ''
they headed to the north pasture to go take care of it .
` ` mitch and i were in the north pasture , trying to get some barbed wire off a calf when i glanced up and saw a car driving on the ranch .
` ` this mare has been taken out to spring pasture since before little jude . ''
the guys were moving the cattle to a different pasture and would n't come in for lunch , so we 'd packed a sack lunch type meal , and i would drive it out to them in a few minutes .
they 're always a bit finicky when they get to a new pasture , so some of the guys set up camp for the first week or so . ''
tall and big in a way most men were n't in my area of massachusetts , he had a beer gut but arms and legs that were normal , a bit muscular but mostly gone to pasture .
i could let it go and drift away to safer pastures with my mind .
rolling pastures .
she nods toward the pasture .
we started for the pasture .
she became flustered , turned away from me and started counting the cattle in the open pasture south of the lake .
the cattle spooked , most ran through the gate and dispersed into the pasture but at least seventy head lost route and followed the fence line in all different directions .
jonah , pete , drew and ethan scrambled to get as many as they could , while cricket and i took care of as much of the herd as we could on our side , guiding them across the road and into the new pasture .
the were frolicking and eating in a large pasture just behind princess 's corral .
when his horse was n't stumbling , the gelding was ignoring him , obsessed with a prancing mare in heat , over in another pasture .
i twisted around and saw the dark grass , wood and pasture , all empty .
new pastures .
well , she would have expected it , thinking that her time was up and he was moving on to greener pastures .
shannon had tried to talk cece about the importance of separating business from pleasure but the bottom line was , shannon was a temporary fixture in her life until she moved on to bigger pastures .
` ` these , '' he hefted the bags higher ` ` are filled with organic vegetables and pasture - fed beef and some other assorted goodies that i ' m going to - hopefully - transform into something edible with your help . ''
` ` i think it 's time we both moved on to greener and better pastures , '' reed said with another infuriating shrug .
the endless acres and lush pastures , the little creek that bisected the ramsey land , the horses he 'd grown up with and the cattle he 'd brought into the world every calving season .
i type a few thoughts on that , and then i pause to look out over the dew - drenched pastures , glowing faintly orange with the sunrise .
even though it rained that day , they did n't find any tracks in mr . dawson 's pastures .
at least , not in dawson 's pasture .
the cows had all moved on down the road and into the pasture .
this little spot overlooked pasture land with cows spread out below us .
robert announced , starting tomorrow , our next project will be to locate and bring in all the newborn calves and any cows nearly ready to give birth into the pasture near the barn .
at the news that they would be going out to locate and bring in the new born calves and their mothers to the pasture near the barn , melanie sighed unhappily .
i ve missed the sounds of the ranch waking up , seeing the horses in the pasture , listening to the birds outside my bedroom window , and watching the sunsets with you at the coral .
robert suggested putting buck in a larger pasture so he might get more exercise .
after they woke up , mandy pushed the bed over by the window so he could look outside at the pasture where buck and thunder were grazing .
wheat , corn , potatoesbeyond these a few lumpy pastures with sheep or goats , even one fat cow .
the stables backed the last pasture .
left , it narrowed and wound off toward a stretch of pastures .
he unhitched the horse , leading the animal to a nearby pasture .
when he walks around the jeep , his head passes directly in front of the sun , which is now beginning to set behind the trees far off in the pasture .
it does nt seem like there d be enough pasture for cattle .
have you checked the pasture for poisonous plants ?
will you keep them in the pasture or stable them ?
if you keep them in the pasture what kind of shade will they need ?
mr . weller waved at her from the pasture as she climbed out of her suv .
they sat on the built - in bench on the deck out back taking in the view of the pond and the pasture that ran along behind it .
in less than two hours , they had the horses released into the pasture , fed , and watered with plenty of time to relax with a glass of wine before starting dinner .
amy had a skype meeting with franklin to discuss her art show , so elizabeth took mazie out for her first ride in the pasture .
a cool , gentle breeze rushed across the thick green grass of the pasture .
she rode the perimeter of the pasture then returned , gave mazie a handful of oats , and took flo for a ride .
the cloudless sky allowed the moons light to fill the pasture with a soft light .
elizabeth gave flo some oats and left the horses in the pasture .
she watched as they galloped across the pasture .
she could see the horses grazing in the pasture beyond .
lots of pastures and farms .
they rode over several small rises and soon left the cooler air off the stream to make their way into a pasture filled with dozens of grazing herefords .
` ` got caught on the southwest pasture near lake hebgen when that tsunami rearranged the countryside . ''
the rest in that pasture were fine .
billy did as he was told and they both set out on foot for the high pasture .
the high pasture was a meadowed oasis amid the prolific aspens .
he would then drive the four - wheeler and wagon into the field and spread the hay out into the pasture .
after feeding was done , he d have to ride around the pasture and check the fences for breaks or weak spots .
soundlessly they left the porch and padded off towards the pasture .
the wolf had snuck into the pasture , pulled down a yearling calf , and was feeding on it .
by the time they had reached the south pasture he could barely see past samsons nose .
rey took pete and headed north to the back pasture .
he slowly circled around the driveway then headed quickly out to the pasture .
billy boy , you and i are going to the back of the pasture to fall one of those dead cottonwood trees .
as he wheeled himself out to the pasture , he whistled loudly for samson .
the road wound off into a mix of thick woods and open pastures .
abruptly , his son mounted his horse and rode toward the pasture .
he was renting a little place at the edge of town , where the cow pastures come right up to the people 's yards and sometimes at night you can hear them mooing and when you look out you can see dark shadowy hulks dotting the lanscape .
they were just on the other side of the corral in a pasture , but all i would have needed to do would be open the gate and they would come in .
we wore moccasins , carried beef jerky with us , and spent days out in the pastures playing out different scenarios of indians on the warpath .
a cool breeze came up as we rode along a trail that edged the pasture at the fence line .
the boston common encompasses forty - eight acres and for over two centuries it has served as everything from a common pasture to a site for the city gallows .
a herd of bleating sheep with tangled , dusty , grubby , woolen coats which had finally been blessed with a fierce but well - trained shepherd dog that drove them barking and growling toward greener pastures .
the girl whose father had just abandoned her and her mother for greener pastures , leaving them both to wonder what it was they had done to drive him away .
there was a white fence that stretched the length of the road , fencing cattle and horses into a deep , green pasture .
there was a massive fireplace and seats in the big picture windows that looked out over the green pastures .
tweedle and dee are the slowest old ponies in the county , and they just walk em around the pasture .
john finished hooking it all up , and with macy and john jr . in front and patty and lucy in back , brock helped luke lead the ponies to the pasture .
i was almost two miles out into the pasture when mr . harwell came by in his truck to see if i was okay .
one of the ranch hands had seen me out in the cow pasture and called him .
well , we drive a herd through open range to their seasonal pastures .
anyway , we drive a herd of fifty or so horses from one seasonal pasture to another .
well move the herd from a pasture west of here to one farther north .
just so you re clear you ll be driving the herd of horses up north from here to a good pasture that s east of the snake mountains .
they rode down on the other side towards a low - level pasture area .
the horse herd was in a close pasture eating and chewing , settling in for the night .
he d obviously quit shaving today we need to get about seventeen miles to the pasture where well leave the herd .
the cowboys finished putting the herd into its seasonal pasture and headed back to camp for a little rest , food and relaxation .
it rolled into the pasture beside the dirt road and landed it on its top .
mr . lipton was the first to reach lily , the first to notice the unnatural bend to her neck as she lay face down in the moss - green pasture , the riding hat several feet in front of her .
it was formerly a grazing pasture , and a small creek still ran near the perimeter on one side .
stunned beyond all reason , she watched as thomas hurtled himself over the back fence and into the grassy pasture beyond .
the two hours it took to cover the pastures did him as much good as it did the cattle , he thought .
wes crouched near the gate to the horse pasture , tinkering with that loose hinge .
out in the pasture with his mamma .
she did nt stop until shed reached the gate to the east pasture , where horses grazed contentedly , and then she leaned against it , blinking her eyes dry .
garrett took the reins from her without a single word and headed out toward the pasture where the other horses grazed .
he pulled back the curtain to look out at gray skies and green pastures and white dots of sheep .
in the distance , slightly up a hill , there was a depressed section in the pasture .
during the night he came across a single hut in the middle of a large open pasture .
the pasture around us was lush and green and i could spot a few happy looking cows in the distance .
directly on the other side of the gate was rough looking pasture .
using her raised finger to count windows , she muttered , six , seven , eight , nine , with nine tall narrow windows on either of the main floors , times two , that made eighteen , less one for the door in the centre of the above ground floor , its flights of stone steps to the left and right leading directly down to the pasture that was seventeen .
she pushed her way through the gateless gap to find the unmown hay pasture of gabriels rhetoric .
it was easy enough to keep an eye on the kitten to make sure it stayed nearby but she could nt keep looking up to check out progress in the pasture .
to the untrained eye , in comparison to the green field it had been three weeks before , the site looked an unsalvageable mess ; -the ground was chewed up by heavy machinery , trenches criss - crossed where walls and services were being installed and numerous holes had been dug , pockmarking the field with deep pits and accompanying mounds of fresh earth that made the pasture look as if it had been invaded by giant moles .
he has no desire to try for greener pastures .
why is it fellas are supposed to get the itch for greener pastures but the women never raise their expectations above their lot ?
gone to pastures new , has he ?
lie down in green pastures , he leadeth me beside the still waters .
* * * cass looked out at the crisp winter landscape as she and oscar rumbled along toward the lower pasture .
* * * in the heat of midday , when the sun shone its brightest and the thermometer climbed to seven above zero , cass bundled up in felt lined boots and a parka and walked out to the fenced pasture where the horses stood .
with full bucket in hand , cass approached the pasture fence .
the truck pulled away without headlights , down a gravel lane beside a fenced pasture .
when they reached the center of the fenced pasture , cass shifted the truck into neutral .
the truck started off , cutting a slow , wide arc through the pasture .
the cows bellowed back from a nearby pasture .
the remaining cowboys on horseback drove the branded calves out of the pen and back to the pasture with their mothers .
they turned her love back sharply and she saw deeply into things that she had not properly comprehended before , and with the mercy and the severity of every ruby tuesday , the great heart that had beaten since gan eden , she took jesses mind and she shepherded it beside quiet waters , and in those cool pastures where he was led ruby spoke to him , using just those words that were stored within her , for jesse and for this very occasion .
horses grazed contentedly in the pasture , though a few of the more curious had come to the fence to watch with huge , liquid dark eyes as the noisy machine roared into the driveway .
or maybe just not yet back from the summer pastures - though it was late in the year for that , surely .
it was just like him to begin breaking down some of her barriers , and then take off for greener pastures when the impulse struck .
on each side of the hearse , fields of squat , luminously green plants stretched out into a gray forever , broken up only by the occasional horse pasture , barn , or stand of trees .
breathing hard , he clambered up the slippery grass pasture .
he went to the big picture window that framed the darkened pastures below .
his frog pond , settled comfortably in a flat patch of the pasture , had been turned by mother nature into a beautiful silver skating rink .
a beautiful moon glazed the snowy pastures and backlit the black trees .
acres of white pastures rolled away from the road on either side , bracketed by four - rail fencing .
after all the disappointment she 's suffered , she 's more than ready for the green , green pastures of home .
she could easily see why all the department heads had been leaving for greener pastures .
` ` yes , it 's time to move on to new pastures . ''
his own mother had given birth to him here before taking off for greener pastures , leaving his father to meet isabel six months later .
either way i ' m f**ked , and she 's off to greener pastures .
last night he 'd slept tucked along a fallen log in some farmer 's back pasture .
her bedroom view was the back of the property and a pasture with at least a hundred horses grazing .
i need some help with the south pasture , '' mark said .
the hands were all out on the north pasture , several miles away .
she could hear the cows in the pasture mooing , the horses neighing , and all kinds of woodland creatures playing in the nearby woods .
` ` and now you 're telling me to take a flying leap into the nearest cow pasture , right ? ''
a car appeared at the head of the long driveway between the two fenced pastures .
` ` i keep thinking she 's had a change of heart and is looking for the right moment to tell me to take a flying leap into some cow pasture . ''
a dozen horses grazed in the pasture , far more than she recalled from her last visit .
various horses milled around the fenced pasture to her right .
cliff 's stallion was called midnight , and the brown - and - white yearling cavorting around the pasture closest to the fence was funny face .
` ` i 'd be driving across someone 's pasture , that 's why . ''
to his left was a pasture and a large barn .
` ` they 're landing in duffy 's pasture .
once they 'd transferred the wine to thermoses , they climbed onto the slat - sided , tractor - drawn wagon and rolled through the snow - blanketed pasture toward the wood whose native american name had been long forgotten .
her eyes opened , her gaze drifting over the pasture where dairy cows loafed on the farm 's two hundred acres .
tess snapped , jerking her gaze away and toward a shallow , pebble - lined stream at the edge of the pasture .
she turned and ran across the pasture .
the sun cast shadows of the angels ' wings onto the small medieval village of stone buildings bordered by verdant pastures of farmland .
dozens of cars were parked in a huge circle in a pasture , with their headlights on .
getting up , she walked across the room , past the corner where soon the christmas tree would be placed , and stood at the window , looking out over the pasture .
it starts in 1960 in a small farming town up north , in a clapboard house on a hill above a horse pasture .
on either side of the road , green pastures roll lazily down toward the river .
to her right , the rolling green pasture fell away from the farmhouse and ended at the split - rail fence that delineated the property .
horses grazed in the open pasture , but surrounding steele 's home on the three sides not facing the road they 'd come in on were thick woods .
like he was a temporary band - aid before she moved on to greener pastures .
the runway was next to a cow pasture , and while there was an office , that did n't necessarily mean anyone would be there to let her in .
she looked over the cow pasture and wrapped her coat more securely around her .
there were pastures full of horses and cattle , all of it under a cloudless blue sky that seemed to stretch for miles .
if she had to depend on rafferty 's goodwill for survival , she might as well go out to the pasture , dig a hole and pull the dirt in over herself to save him the time and trouble .
she drove the truck across the pasture to where the cattle grazed ; heads lifted , dark brown eyes surveyed the familiar truck , and the entire herd began ambling toward her .
she got back in the truck , drove a piece down the pasture , and stopped to repeat the procedure .
the yard was full of weeds , the barn and stables had the forlorn look of emptiness and neglect , and the pastures that had once been dotted with prime brahman cattle were empty now .
` ` in the south pasture .
the big horse liked a good run , and he settled into a fast , smooth rhythm as they cut across pastures , his pounding hooves sending clods of dirt flying .
maybe it was better that she was gone ; he could check around the ranch without her spitting and hissing at him like an enraged cat , and he 'd look at those cattle in the south pasture .
first he checked the east pasture , where she had said the fence was down .
lush green grass covered the east pasture ; the cattle should be in it right now .
the south pasture was probably overgrazed , and the cattle would show it , unless the herd was small enough that the south pasture could provide for its needs .
the south pasture was probably overgrazed , and the cattle would show it , unless the herd was small enough that the south pasture could provide for its needs .
it was a couple of hours before he made it to the south pasture .
the cattle he could see scattered over the big pasture did n't constitute a big herd , but made for far more than the small one he 'd envisioned .
the pasture was badly overgrazed , but scattered clumps of hay testified to michelle 's efforts to feed her herd .
she had to drive carefully ; the pasture was too rough for breakneck speed , even if the old relic had been capable of it .
` ` after the fencing is repaired and the cattle are moved to the east pasture , i can handle tilings from there . ''
they 'll do the rest of the job today , then move the herd to the east pasture tomorrow . ''
she got in the old truck and drove around the pastures , looking at the new sections of fence john 's men had put up .
tomorrow they 'd ride over on horseback and move the herd to this pasture with its high , thick growth of grass .
it was so bad she might need to move the herd to the yard to graze instead of to the pasture .
she had half expected john to be among the men who rode over the next morning to move the cattle to the east pasture , and a sharp pang of disappointment went through her as she realized he had n't come .
she bumped along the pasture in the old truck , which was n't much good for rounding up strays but could keep the herd nudging forward .
nev swore long and eloquently under his breath when he saw the big gray coming across the pasture .
the cattle were grazing peacefully in the east pasture ; all the fencing had been repaired ; everything had been taken care of .
at least the cattle could drink from the shallow creek that snaked across the east pasture , so she would n't have to worry about them .
healthy , spirited horses pranced in the corral or grazed in the pasture .
it was only a dream , while reality was edie humming as she did housework , the stamping and snorting of the horses , the placid cattle grazing in the pastures , john 's daily phone calls from miami that charted his impatience to be back home .
it was a pleasant ride across the pastures to her ranch , but she did n't enjoy it as she normally would have , because of the knot of tension forming in her stomach .
her nerves were so raw that she could n't even think of eating the morning she planned to go to the house , and she paced restlessly , waiting until she saw john get in his pickup and drive across the pastures .
he 'd been driving across rough pastures since boyhood , long before he 'd been old enough to have a driver 's license .
` ` let me get this straight - you 're working down here so i do n't find out the job 's harder than i think and take off like a chickenshit loser for greener pastures ? ''
fruit trees marched across the pasture in a dozen perfect rows toward the barbed - wire fence line , their symmetry broken only by a weathered wooden barn and a few outbuildings .
twigs snapped beneath his heels , leaves crinkled , but other than the nervous nickering of the horse in the pasture , the world was still and quiet .
you will then go to the apple orchard - it 's in the west pasture , along the stream - and begin to pick and sort the ripe fruit .
deep in the back pasture , she came to a bend in the river that created a still , green pool .
` ` god lives in the west pasture , mr .
` ` there , too , of course , but we visit him in the west pasture . ''
he 'd walked with mama for hours , tramping through the grassy pastures , strolling through the sun - dappled orchards .
run on down to the pasture and catch cleo for me .
they were in the middle of ( he west pasture .
plenty of pasture out there for mamie . ''
well , it sure looked like jimmy had finally decided it was time to move on to greener pastures .
and then to spot him at a distance - exercising a horse , working at the pasture fences - or to come upon him unexpectedly face to face , emerging from the tack room or coming down the ladder from the loft where he slept .
he 'd have to catch that wee bitch venus , presently enjoying herself in the back pasture .
there was a fenced pasture behind the buildings , where a small flock of sheep was grazing , and a stone archway showed the ordered rows of a vegetable garden , where two lay brothers hoed weeds in the resigned manner of men who had long since accepted their sisyphean lot .
six good horses in the far pasture , including one that he would n't have minded seeing closer to - a big dark bay with a white blaze and a nice arse end ; good muscle , he thought approvingly .
they were broken to the saddle , at least , and had spent the day in pasture .
he was a horse accustomed to open pastures , roomy stalls , noise and people .
she looked out the window at the snow - dusted pastures they were passing .
you were as drunk as an old warrior put out to pasture and there was no stain on your bed .
just pass me the box of bon - bons and put me out to pasture .
` ` and he has a nice pasture for his horses , and a warm stable ; i think jack might be happy there .
he laughed suddenly , and nodded toward a corner of the pasture before us .
` ` you 'll no ha ' left them in the pasture again ?
pole fences ran along a pasture down to the road and she could see dozens of cattle grazing lazily in the sun .
pointing out several of the stock horses in the pasture behind the barn , dent explained erik kept the horses for his men to ride .
aundy looking around and noticed spring seemed to be arriving as the rolling fields and pastures were beginning to turn green .
or you could run more cattle and put the wheat ground into pasture or plant seed to cut for hay .
wanting to feel the warm spring breeze on her face and think about what she needed to do , aundy ignored the voice in her head telling her to be cautious and instead settled her full skirt over the back of bell and rode off toward one of the pastures .
she loved the farm , the rolling fields that would soon be bursting with wheat , the green pastures , and the open sky .
he has a bunch he 's been trying to sell so he can move on to greener pastures .
if they get out or we need to move them to another pasture , i may ask for your assistance , but other than that , you wo n't have to work with the sheep .
when all the sheep were penned in the pasture , o'connell returned to the house with a dog and a boy in tow .
i do n't want to leave bob in charge for too long , '' nik said , glancing toward the pasture where his dog kept watch over the sheep .
you ca n't go sit out there in the sheep pasture with him . ''
a mind as sharp as his should n't be wasted sitting in a pasture watching sheep .
as she walked out to the far pasture where nik had the flock , she breathed deeply of the fresh air and soaked up the warm sunshine while listening to nik play a cheerful tune on his harmonica .
` ` the soil of your pastures is much richer than mr . o'connell 's , '' nik said , gazing around the green hills with pride .
leading him to the barn , she took off his saddle and bridle then turned him into the pasture .
laying the lamb gently on a mound of grass , nik scrambled to his feet and sprinted toward the pasture where the flock was grazing with george , lem , and hank right behind him .
aundy would have run off to the pasture except glen hurried down the back steps , talking as he approached them .
no missing or wounded animals were found when they checked the pasture , other than the dead lamb .
george and bill helped move the sheep to a pasture closer to the house , where it would be easier to keep an eye on them .
patting his back , she sighed as she looked over the flock of sheep , so peaceful as they grazed on the green pasture with the blue sky above them .
if someone had told her a year , or even six months ago , she 'd be riding a horse sitting on a hill in the sunshine admiring a neat red barn , planted fields and a pasture full of sheep , she would have thought they 'd lost their ability to think rationally .
` ` fred , bill , saddle up and meet us in the pasture .
i 'll bring some food over and garrett is riding to the pasture to see if he can help track whoever did this .
all the horses had been turned out into the pasture except rocket fuel , the gelding adam had designated as the horse valerie would work with , and a mare and her new foal .
sleek horses with glossy coats grazed in pastures bordered with sparkling white fences .
she 'd noticed two cowboys on horseback crossing one of the pastures .
` ` we turn the horses out in the pasture unless the weather 's lousy .
` ` why is n't she out in the pasture ? ''
on her first visit to the triple bar , she 'd paid attention to the obvious display of wealth in the pristine pastures and the elegant two - story house on the hill .
jessie usually preferred a less demanding ride , over fields or level pastures .
lucinda stared out over the perfectly manicured lawn , the flower gardens , the pastures beyond where her beloved horses bent their sleek , muscular necks to graze .
he asked in a rough to her laughter , the infectious giggle when she was up to some mischief , the belly laughs when he told her jokes , the joyous chuckle as she watched foals romping in the pastures .
he jumped out of the car before it stopped rocking , dodging into the thick cover to the side and leaving the car to block the exit from the pasture road , just in ease this was where the shooter had left his car .
acres of rolling pasture spread out on either side of the driveway .
` ` jeremy is dealing with two cows that got out of the fence down in the south end of the pasture .
we 'll move the equipment to a back pasture , temporarily cover it with tarps to protect it from the weather , do some cleanup , and use that space . ''
she wondered if archie chance had cleared that pasture for his cattle back in the forties .
they stood together watching a number of llamas graze contentedly in the pasture .
the boy said next , pointing toward a llama at the far end of the pasture .
by the time dawn swept over the pasture and the nearby water , bringing the bright crisp sunshine of november , jack had packed his bags and booked a flight out of sea - tac for louisville .
but outside of the garden - in a pasture , for instance - when stepped in inadvertently , manure was nothing more than crap .
as we drove toward the quarry where the moai had been carved , lush , open pastures unfolded on either side of us .
beyond the pastures , we could see herds of wild - looking horses loping along .
chinook had lived most of her life in a pasture ( along with a goat ) and had never had so much as a saddle placed on her back , which was a big part of the reason my mom could afford to buy her .
only the chewing continued , and jeremy was reminded of the curious way cows looked at you when you approached the pasture fence .
beyond her , the horse pasture shimmers like a green ocean , and she passes through the gate that leads toward it .
while midas eats , she readies him for her ride , and a few minutes later she 's leading him from the pasture , toward the trails in the forest , looking exactly as she did six years ago .
off to the side of the house was a weathered barn and a small corral ; beyond that , an emerald - covered pasture enclosed by a tidy white fence stretched toward a line of massive oak trees .
horses from the pasture began to canter toward her as she tossed the hay into various troughs .
when we were done , she opened the gate and the horses trotted into the darkened pasture .
over her shoulder , i could see the dog wandering in the pasture .
rolling , tree - shrouded hills and lush green pastures fanned out on either side of the freeway .
golden pastures studded with apple trees rushed past them .
after today she was resigning as his massage chick , and she was off to greener pastures , thanks to damon roche .
` ` serena better damn well not retire me out to pasture . ''
` ` should n't you be moving on to greener pastures ?
these were the servants loyal to her husband , those who had remained behind while others left in search of greener pastures .
behind jenny were meadows and pastures ; before her a tangled mass of pitch - black trunks and bushes .
farther off to the side , a solitary man in a cowboy hat stared out over the neighboring pasture , his face in shadow .
off to the right were the rodeo stands , where she had watched the bull - riding contests earlier ; directly behind them was a series of small enclosed pastures , which held the bulls .
after that , there are pastures to irrigate , and a few times a year , i have to move all the cattle from one pasture to the next , so they always have good grass .
after that , there are pastures to irrigate , and a few times a year , i have to move all the cattle from one pasture to the next , so they always have good grass .
as they crossed the pasture toward the fence on the far side , luke maintained a comfortable distance .
` ` it 's different when you 're out in the middle of a pasture , without any cover . ''
` ` i bet many of your sorority sisters would n't be caught dead checking out a bull in the middle of a cow pasture . ''
` ` the second pasture needs some water . ''
beyond it stood the aging barn and lush pastures nestled amid green rolling hills .
by the time she turned toward the pasture again , horse had sidled up close , dwarfing her .
it 's a pasture . ''
at the pasture , he hopped out and opened a gate before nosing the truck through and closing the gate behind him .
` ` like i said , this is part of the pasture . ''
the fog continued to thicken , especially in the distance , the pastures entirely hidden from view .
as he worked on some fencing in the far pasture , replacing posts that had begun to rot away , he occasionally found himself smiling as he thought about her .
she wants to add another couple hundred pair , but we do n't have enough pasture , so she 's trying to find a place for us to keep them . ''
` ` maybe you 'll find that other pasture you need . ''
his mom presented a business plan that included selling nearly half the ranch , including the christmas tree grove , the pumpkin patch , and one of the pastures , assuming a buyer could be found .
` ` to tell me what happened in south carolina , '' she said , fixing him with a determined expression as they walked into the pasture in search of mudbath .
a light wind was blowing , carrying with it the sound of crickets calling from the pastures .
jack had grown up the de facto son of a country squire , with two brothers , a sister , and twenty acres of rolling pasture , perfect for riding , running , jumping - anything a young boy could fancy .
in a year , she 'd married an operator who squandered more , conned her into funnelling most of what was left to him , then left her for greener pastures . ''
played it out in the pasture .
the kids who came to the farm from town would run wild through the pastures , barn and woods .
the rumble of a truck interrupted us and becca turned from her perch on the railing to watch as cage pulled up from the pasture .
rushing back up the small hill toward the house i silently prayed that she had n't been looking out toward the cow pasture when she drove up .
pastures that had been green in june were now brown , dead .
once he 's dead , his men will move on to greener pastures . ''
this rise was destined to be part of another farm , and more farms and pastures would cut up this little valley even further .
she and jason had been wrapping up final details on a graphic - art design project she 'd freelanced for his last ad campaign at the new york firm - he was leaving his nyc job and heading to greener career pastures in california .
` ` besides , after tonight , i ' m finding i ' m not quite ready to be put out to pasture yet .
but he could n't fault her if she had moved to better pastures .