` ` shh , it 's okay , sweet pea .
` ` hi sweet pea . ''
she 'd made a dinner of grilled lamb chops of all things , with rice pilaf and creamed green peas .
two peas in a pod , she thought and pushed away from the wall and walked in , loving their exuberant greeting as they both threw themselves into her arms , their strong little arms wrapping around her neck .
they were like two peas in a pod : ornery and stubborn as mules .
dj pleasure rocked the house that night with dance hit after dance hit , from ' scream and shout ' by the black eyed peas and brittney spears to ' shufflin ' to ' gangam style ' .
she 'd been sixteen before her parents allowed her back into the dining room and even then , there was constant criticism of her , so much so that she wished she could retreat once again into the kitchen where she could eat without an upset stomach or fear of being reprimanded for placing too many peas on her fork or slicing too small a bite of whatever meat was being served .
i swear i 'll put something harder and larger than a pea in bed with you . ''
a black pea coat draped over one arm as he drank a steaming cup of coffee .
` ` try this : apple blossom with sweat pea .
the baby 's tummy was full and her shirt sleeve had the dried remnants of pureed peas on it .
a spoonful of peas sailed through the air , hitting isabella , the next to the oldest of all the siblings , in the neck .
maybe he should throw his peas at his sister , along with his roll and what was left of his portion of the roast beef .
sleep tight , my sweet pea ... .be strong ... i love you ... .my dad 's soft voice whispered through the darkened night .
` ` hi , sweet pea , '' i murmured , choking on tears .
her big , brave bodyguard - the king of the security mountain - was worried about a tiny being barely the size of a pea .
to her mind , these went with the vintage style gold watch - a twenty - first birthday gift from her grandmother - which was the only other jewellery she wore , having hidden byron 's ring at the bottom of an open bag of peas in the freezer .
she looked down at her very naked left hand and suddenly remembered that byron 's ring was still in the frozen packet of peas in her refrigerator .
michelle and erin were settled in the lounge room , like two peas in a pod with their light brown hair cut in short bobs , their delicately featured faces recognisably mother and daughter , and both of them dressed in blue jeans and red t - shirts .
in between dutifully checking their progress , she cooked a lamb ragout , made the sweet corn and sour cream dip her family always devoured first at parties , wrapped slices of prosciutto ham around melon balls , opened a packet of brie cheese and laid pitted dates beside it , prepared the snow peas and florets of broccoli for last minute microwaving .
she would not let me leave a single pea behind .
` ` you two are peas in a pod .
she followed the asparagus with a small helping of peas in cream sauce , pork stuffed with apples , lobster in a pastry shell , and then blueberries .
there 's a southern tradition of eating black - eyed peas and ham hocks on new year 's day .
i do n't find frozen peas , so i wrap ice in a dish towel and put it around my swollen hand .
he opened the freezer cabinet , pulled out a package of frozen peas - when on earth had he purchased frozen peas ? -and placed the vegetables over his throbbing forehead .
he opened the freezer cabinet , pulled out a package of frozen peas - when on earth had he purchased frozen peas ? -and placed the vegetables over his throbbing forehead .
micah threw down the peas and rubbed his hands over his face .
she flung herself on the sofa and wrapped herself in the blanket she 'd snagged earlier from the suite 's bedroom and watched her assistant as she buttoned her pea coat .
` ` and being a dick - headed pea brain , he assumed your mechanic friend was guy , right ? ''
she muttered something about them being two peas in a pod , and then turned her attention back to her nails .
i had decided to make a cold pesto pasta salad with peas and grilled chicken , one of my old standbys and one of the few things i could make with no recipe .
when i had ripped open the package of frozen peas , handfuls had spilled out and were now rolling around on the counter .
she 'd finally decided to make them black - eyed pea stew , hummus tahini and dried - fruit salad .
i would have stayed longer but someone on that floor has a bladder the size of a pea .
paxan and i had been like two peas in a pod , appreciating the same jokes , enjoying the same books and food .
both dylan and mason smiled , already two peas in a pod .
` ` here 's your rainbow sorbet , sweet pea . ''
` ` i love you , sweet pea . ''
he mowed through mashed peas , carrots , and a huge handful of cheerios .
and while so far in the six years he 'd known her , nothing like pea soup had ever ejected from her mouth , you never knew .
` ` stick a bag of frozen peas in your pants .
` ` oh , sweet pea , this is n't fallon .
ms . penny does n't read to me like you do , and she makes me eat peas .
i hate peas .
the two of them were peas in a pod and they always had been .
` ` no owie , sweet pea , '' she told him , patting his head .
if you trust me to do it , i 'll pick up the avocado and snow peas from mort sanger over there .
peeking out of the bathroom , i moved as quietly as i could toward the door , slipping into my shoes and a wool pea coat , then snuck out of the bedroom .
jordan and i were like two peas in a pod , as we 'd always been , and dinner was a great time .
ian 's eyes rolled back in his head and his nuts shrunk up tighter than peas .
keely would be absolutely pea green with envy .
the sugary sweetness of the sweet peas ?
` ` you offered to kill the man with poisoned black - eyed peas ? ''
snow peas .
he glanced up from smashing a pile of peas with his fork .
` ` you and tell are two peas in a pod . ''
as twins , carson and calvin have always been two peas in a pod - no one was surprised when they married sisters . ''
` ` hey , sweet pea . ''
she brought out the food - roast pork , mashed potatoes , gravy , wheat rolls and a medley of cooked carrots , onions and sugar snap peas .
she 'd planted peas , beans , lettuce , radishes and other vegetables with shorter growing times .
cam had a bag of frozen peas on his face .
chapter 17 before that thursday , suro would n't have thought turkey gumbo chicken breasts , stuffing , cranberry sauce , mashed up peas for spidey , and a party platter from the only sushi place in chicago suro had deemed ` ` decent , '' would have made for the best thanksgiving feast he 'd ever had .
he was turned to the side and had swapped his tuxedo for a black pea coat and skull cap .
pavel looked like a miniature version of his uncle , even though he was light brown and wearing a neon green anorak , while nikolai was white and wearing a pea coat .
and yes ... yes , there was nikolai rustanov standing at the bottom of the steps with his hands jammed in his pea coat pockets , a thunderous look on his face .
two peas in a pod . ''
she thought they were two comfortable peas who could carve out a pod that would last them for the rest of their lives .
patrick grimaced at her before he launched a pea over the table at her head .
susan tilted her head , it was black eyed peas with ` ` do n't phunk with my heart . ''
ease with the peas . ''
` ` ease with the peas ? ''
they were two peas in a pod that together made an unsightly mush .
her grandmother sat beside her , at the old - fashioned red kitchen table , shelling peas as she spoke to kateri in that ever - gentle tone that never failed to make her feel safe in a world that had been anything but .
her grandmother snapped the peas apart , her movements more frenetic than before .
she handed kateri several raw peas to eat while she continued shelling them .
kateri crunched the peas while she listened .
kateri stole another handful of peas from her grandmother 's pan .
they were two vulnerable peas in their own little pod .
as she struggled to put her peas on her fork the same elegant way he did , he reached over and touched her hand .
he took the fork from her grasp and stabbed the peas with it .
his smiling face as he teased her about not eating peas .
` ` come on , sweet pea , '' he said .
` ` ' sweet pea ' ? ''
` ` you 're kind and funny and all those great things , but what you 're not is forthcoming , sweet pea .
` ` demons and full moons go together like peas and carrots . ''
two peas in a- '' ` ` no . ''
two demon peas in a demon pod . ''
` ` stay right here , '' he whispered and then he disappeared , returning about fifteen seconds later with a bag of frozen peas in his hand .
it was extinguished quickly with a bag of frozen peas against my face .
i guess the frozen peas did the trick .
` ` i ate all the good stuff , '' i offer , hoping she is n't offended by the tidy pile of peas and carrots i left behind .
her attention flitters over my injured hand for a brief moment , which is now wrapped within a bag of peas .
eugenia had set down a cold salad of potatoes and peas , another michael curry gentleman 's special , tossed in oil and garlic .
it laid a diffuse white glow over everything and made even the peas and onions look romantic and mysterious .
` ` i have a red and blue striped waistcoat , '' henry interjected , reaching for the peas .
` ` that 's jessamine 's plate you 're spooning peas onto , not yours .
henry , having set down the peas , attempted a genial smile .
by the time they had eaten the meal the little hairy man had brought back with him from revelry - which consisted of smoked trout , a bowl of fresh shelled peas , several small raisin - cakes , and a bottle of small beer - tristran felt quite at home with his new garb .
` ` let 's get loud '' faded into ` ` pump it '' by the black eyed peas as rubi set a leisurely pace toward the corner bar .
` ` she 's not old enough for creamed peas yet , '' jenks said dryly , not turning from his spying at the window .
` ` you stink like fireplace and strained peas , and i could hear your bare feet on the tile even though it looked like you were wearing boots .
` ` i ' m going to miss you , sweet pea , '' she said , giving the fussing baby a kiss on the forehead .
` ` bye , sweet pea .
` ` here you go , sweet pea , '' he found himself saying as he inexpertly wiggled lucy out from her sling , the little girl 's eyes drooping .
trent smiled , half - turned , and shocked the peas out of me when he brushed the nearby chair free of imaginary dust and sat down , moving gingerly , as if he 'd never had to trust plastic webbing before .
i was going the wrong way , but this guy scared the peas out of me .
` ` it 's okay , sweet pea .
jonathan parker hated peas with a passion that could not be surpassed ( perhaps this knowledge could be used if we ever decided to torture him ? ) .
a couple hundred should do the trick , but though everything from the dishware to the canned food had a place , and a weird one at that - the brownies were next to the peas - he could n't find a single medicinal bottle .
hence , the peas .
` ` i may be a few peas short of a casserole , but i ' m smart enough to know what that means .
vika found green beans , peas , carrots , and potatoes , and mixed them all together .
and maybe we could have meat loaf , mashed potatoes , and black - eyed peas after .
i cook peas on the stove .
i pour the peas into a serving bowl .
i stare at my peas .
i move my peas around with my fork , and my thoughts drift back to the aptitude tests .
i just grabbed what looked good to me at the time , and now that i take a closer look , i realize that i chose a plain chicken breast , a scoop of peas , and a piece of brown bread .
i eat like a robot , rotating from chicken to peas to bread and back again .
i notice that all the peas have fallen off my fork , which was on its way to my mouth .
he gets up and hands me a can of peas - but it is n't full of peas ; it 's full of scrambled eggs .
he gets up and hands me a can of peas - but it is n't full of peas ; it 's full of scrambled eggs .
` ` sounds like you need a vacation , sweet pea .
` ` sweet pea , go get your brother .
or whirled peas .
daniel said tersely , shoving his fork through his peas .
i still have nightmares about the day she stood behind me in the lunchroom until i finished all of my peas .
` ` so , ara met a boy today , '' vicki said , serving a pile of peas onto dad 's plate .
dad set the bowl of peas on the table and looked at me .
mike asked , passing the peas to vicki when she motioned for them .
he threw a pea at her from mike 's plate .
morgaine did n't even bother looking up this time ; she just sighed and pushed her peas around her plate with her fork .
but she was kidding herself to think david would side with her , either ; he and mike were two peas in a pod .
i summoned a globule of water , about the size of a pea , into my hand and let it skate across my palm , perfectly intact , and down to the base of my wrist .
ty was rummaging through the freezer , a bag of frozen peas already on his hand as he pulled out another bag .
then he moved away again , pressing the peas to his face and mumbling more about ty 's impressive right hook .
` ` no , sweet pea , '' ty said .
she steps back out with a black pea coat tucked in the crook of her arm .
i threw on a t - shirt and jeans in his truck , my black pea coat over that .
` ` so you just expect them to live off canned peas ? ''
in an instant she seizes my wrist and lands me on the ground , bashing my head over the pea gravel .
i fly forward with the charge of gravity laying over me , heavy as lead , and do a faceplant into a nest of pea gravel .
my head grinds into the dirt , my mouth fills with pea gravel , and through the agony i can hear the very distinct sound of chloe 's laughter .
her pea green eyes stare out in horror .
maybe that 's what makes you two peas in a pod .
i could n't help but ask , stirring my peas around the plate .
` ` you and will are two peas in a pod . ''
fazire , who was living in a temporary fog of happiness that no further grand gesture had been made by nate ( he did n't know about the money and lily was n't about to tell him ) , made fish fingers and mushy peas for dinner , tash 's favourite , though lily detested it .
that 's a long time , callum , nurturing a mortal , watching her grow up , putting band - aids on her skinned knees , arguing with her about eating peas and hoping you bought her the birthday present she wanted most of all . ''
sonia took his lead and divested herself of her own dusky - blue , woolen pea coat .
so i focused and blurted , ` ` i fed him baby food peas . ''
that 's not unusual , sean says the damn thing is the size of a pea and it 's not easy , maneuvering up there .
he stayed on the phone while i started up the grill for the steaks and seasoned them ( i also seasoned good steaks , salt and pepper , seasoning salt and worcestershire sauce , brilliant ) , put some new potatoes on the boil and got the water ready for the peas when they needed to go in .
even jake helped and he did this by ordering amber to assist with putting the peas , carrots and corn in bowls and working alongside her , putting the warmed rolls in a basket .
and he wo n't tell you , he prefers filling his body with what he calls proteins and carbs , by that he means is meat and rolls , but he needs vegetables and it took me some time but i found that conner likes peas .
` ` peas , '' i whispered , wondering why i had n't yet served them and knowing that night , i would .
those two were two peas in a pod and ganged up on me frequently and , frankly , i did n't have it in me anymore to give any lip .
under this i discovered corn , carrots and peas in a thick delicious brown gravy .
course after course followed , a nice goat 's cheese wrapped in puff pastry with red onion marmalade and then a huge , succulent portobello mushroom cap topped with puy lentils and minced garlic drenched in olive oil with a side of sugar snap peas .
` ` peas , '' isabella said and fiona stopped floating along with them , her shock and excitement was too profound .
and anyway , she was finding excuses to put food in the house and giving fiona 's children peas .
isabella muttered , entering the kitchen to see the groceries unpacked , the peas were at the boil and the water for the noodles was already at a flame on the stove .
then she whispered in sally 's ear , ` ` i have to get the peas .
isabella dumped the peas in a colander , put them under a cold tap and turned to jason .
isabella shook the water off the peas as mikey answered , ` ` yep , sophomore and junior year . ''
isabella turned from draining the peas , placed a tea towel under them and walked back to sally , sending mikey a pleading look .
isabella disregarded this , poured the peas into the bowl sally was mixing and , attempting to shift the conversation , advised , ` ` be careful now , stir it gently .
you do n't want to smush up the peas too much . ''
the peas in the tuna casserole were smushed to mush but it did n't taste bad mainly because isabella added tons of cheese and cheese makes anything taste better , not to mention sally 's crunchy bit concoction for the topping ( with isabella 's helping hand ) was first - rate .
` ` gammon and egg with chips and peas , '' she answered , then went on quickly , ` ` prentice - '' he interrupted again , ` ` pudding ? ''
she opened her mouth to speak again when a pea flew through the air and settled in cherry 's farrah fawcett locks .
once the pea flew out , she turned to the older woman .
` ` did you just throw a pea at me ? ''
in answer , the woman picked another pea out of her fried rice and threw it at cherry .
two peas in a pod , the way they love you .
like ally , two peas in a pod .
it was so tight , she was afraid eating as much as a pea would cause a tear in the dratted thing .
if the guy lacks any sort of good luck , he usually ended up with a bag of peas pressed firmly against his best friend .
the first course was served amidst the chaos of sneezing , laughter , flame staring , an unfortunate soup incident where serafano almost lost his life next to a pea ... and then blessed silence as the second course was served .
not to mention , i can not take you seriously when you have split pea soup dripping from your chin . ''
this courtship was much easier when she was in her country estate telling the infuriating man to woo her while he had split pea soup on his chin .
a brown and yellow armchair , a pea green cabinet , more shelves with candles .
he asked , grabbing a bag of frozen peas out of the freezer .
when i told him about going up to the cliff to see if it would spark my memory , he looked as if he wanted to knock the bag of peas upside my head .
he threw the peas away and slowly opened his fist .
feeling surprisingly lighthearted , jocelyn nibbled upon the delicate mushrooms in cream sauce and fresh peas .
` ` troy , at your service , and , sweet pea , big is most definitely better . ''
` ` i ' m here to make sure that you and your little sweet pea get out of here alive . ''
his little sweet pea gave a small snort of disbelief as she moved to stand at his side .
but what woman with a brain larger than a pea drove around country back roads in a skimpy black gown that barely covered the essentials and three - inch heels ?
carl , would you pass the peas ?
and peas . ''
she quickly picked up on his plan for that week 's box and they worked silently together to pick the remaining strawberries , artichokes , asparagus , peas , and squash .
they were two peas in a pod , with the barest difference that her ex - husband had gone one step further than making her his mistress and had actually married her .
sophie put her hands over her stomach , even though she knew there had to be something barely the size of a pea inside her .
shoving the paperwork into her pocketbook , she pushed aside the pea green curtain and faced off at a crapload of managed chaos : people in scrubs and white coats were ping - ponging around , jumping into rooms , jumping out of them , giving orders , taking them .
standing on the loose pea gravel of the drive , he took a drag of his cigarette and then held the thing in his left hand .
crossing the pea gravel , he zeroed in and did n't waste time with any showboating or big reveal from out of thin air just to get a rise out of the f**ker .
the dead operative was lying like a doormat on the fringes of the forest , half on / half off the pea gravel of the drive .
the two of you were peas in a pod - i ' m sure you know this , but he was so proud of you . ''
as he ducked inside , the pair of squad cars tore right up to the double doors , dust rising from their wheels grinding to a halt on the pea gravel .
finally , the yellow police tape had been run around and nailed into a tree on either side of the pea gravel .
mels hit the pea gravel and slid along the drive .
the guy stood up and brushed the pea gravel from the seat of his pants .
naturally , his star boarder , rolly - short for roland - was out like a light , the guy 's roasty - toasty pea brain taking yet another thc - induced breather .
sitting beside her bed , in a chair that was n't big enough , her husband and her son were like two peas in a pod .
` ` hey , sweet pea .
` ` okay , sweet pea . ''
` ` i ' m calling to see how my sweet pea is doing of course . ''
` ` calm down , sweet pea . ''
these were the popular girls from school - you know them , all blonde , all cute , all skinny and all of them had a brain about the size of a pea .
i thought we were like two peas in a pod .
` ` hiya , sweet pea , '' he purred into the phone .
whenever they visited grandma and grandpa 's house , grandpa had let brianna help him husk corn or snap peas or tinker in the garage .
she showed him a picture of bowtie pasta with prosciutto , onions and peas in a parmesan cream sauce .
they were probably going to have frozen peas with the fish - a healthy enough choice but not a particularly exciting one .
sure enough , martin was putting some peas on to boil .
lance shoved his hands in the pockets of his worn jeans and hunched forward in his wool pea coat .
` ` but take it from me , sweet pea .
` ` it 'll be cold so ... i 'd go with your pea coat , furry boots and that knitted beanie .
` ` you 're not a safe bet , either , sweet pea .
the cream sauce for the pasta had onions and peas and bacon .
` ` he does n't like to eat his peas , '' whitney confided .
he pictured the handful of peas and the miniature piece of fish he 'd find on his plate and missed the candlelight steak dinners he 'd once enjoyed , in a town several miles away , with irene .
heath asked as he arranged baskets of tomatoes , carrots , zucchini and peas on the table .
when he tried to fling a pea across the table at his younger brother , his grandfather took away his spoon .
` ` she puts peas in it ! ''
isabella said ` ` peas '' as though she meant ` ` bugs . ''
as the days of june passed and the baby 's movements became more obvious , she planted tomatoes , corn and zucchini , peas and carrots , and some bulb flowers she 'd found for sale in a magazine - dahlias she 'd ordered from denmark .
the smell of steak , potatoes , peas and garlic bread soon filled the kitchen and made his stomach growl , but he was almost too anxious to wait for his food to heat .
it 's like calling someone ` ` sweet pea '' .
` ` did she put peas in it ? ''
i step over to the freezer and grab a bag of frozen peas .
when the song is over i remove the peas and throw them back in the freezer .
canned corn , peas , sloppy joe sauce , powdered milk , rice , kidney beans , and vegetable oil .
i found a can of corn , peas and carrots , some frozen mixed veggies and half a pack of broccoli .
i helped him put stuff away while inspecting the delicacies his mom had sent home : turkey , mashed potatoes , peas and carrots , fruit salad , rolls , cherry pie .
he had that black wool hat on and dark pea coat over his always - present hoodie .
` ` oh , and just so you know , mason likes peas now . ''
` ` and about how much you want me to do it to you again , only maybe slower this time and longer ... take my time ... '' he has to be drunk as well and two drunken peas in a challenger make for sporadic decisions without even a flicker of a thought about the consequences .
she was laughing as she reached into the freezer and pulled out a bag of peas that looked to be ten years old .
his plate was full of plastic fries , plastic peas and an actual plastic can of tuna .
the selection included three kinds of olives , crackers , some artichoke and parmesan dip that jake had made the day before , a hunk of rich , crumbly english cheddar , radishes , raw snow peas and some crusty sourdough bread .
it 's our only solid reference point in this pea soup . ''
there was an array of appetizing dishes including a beautiful vegetable pate , curried potato salad studded with fresh green peas , cold asparagus spears dressed in hollandaise sauce , little savory pastries filled with shrimp , and cold soba noodles steeped in a ginger - flavored marinade .
caitlin and tavi both ordered the fresh pea soup with mint and the vegetable pilaf .
she turned away to take a potato and pea salad out of the refrigerator .
they wore lots of low - cut gowns during the renaissance , '' verity defended herself as she added stone - ground mustard to her potato and pea salad .
walker picked it up and was pleased to note that the fried chicken , mashed potatoes and peas inside were still warm .
all the starving kids in the world and yet folks in the cove tossed out perfectly edible stuff like chicken and mashed potatoes and peas every night .
three peas in a pod . ''
he worshipped william , and lark and he were like two peas in a pod .
not a pea - souper , but enough mist to darken the sky and slide between the trees of the dense wood at the bottom of the hill .
the smaller guy bounced off chad like dry peas from the wall .
he let me tempt him with many a punjabi dish , and did not insist on boiled mutton and very soft peas .
` ` temper , temper , sweet pea . ''
sweet pea ?
when they got home , dad pulled a bag of peas from the freezer and jerked his chin toward the couch , all without a word .
they rummaged through the refrigerator , spilling everything out onto the counter and then standing side by side as they assembled the meal , a random assortment ranging from microwave popcorn to apple slices , two leftover pieces of pizza , and some frozen peas .
it was a song about black - eyed peas and collard greens .
i had done my best to cover the hickie with make - up , but half of my face was a shade of pea green so the added color to my neck was not such a big deal .
the cold seeped through my jeans making me wish i was wearing my long pea coat .
` ` it looks like we 're two peas in a pod . ''
i browned a couple of pork chops and put them in the oven , microwaved a potato , and heated some peas .
because i did n't want to seem like i was sulking , i came out for supper , which was lowly and comforting tuna noodle casserole with peas and onions .
they were certainly two peas in the same pod ; they were relishing my anxiety and pam 's intoxication .
roast chicken , mashed potatoes , homemade gravy , and a huge bowl of peas .
` ` peas for color '' my mother always used to say , a phrase she 'd appropriated from my grandmother , who always felt there should always be a little green on each place .
she smirked , removing a plastic container of leftover peas .
jillian looked at it quizzically , no doubt wondering why a retro orange and pea - green afghan was the focal point in a room such as this .
now i could n't think about any walls banging except the one regan was currently banging the shit out of and spraying down with pea soup .
it was orange and pea green and very retro .
no one 's stopping you , '' i insisted , sliding away from simon and back in front of my plate where i began separating my peas from my lobster .
and it was n't just the pea pod i was holding ...
we were served a beautiful paella , coastal style with chunks of prawns and spiny lobster , chorizo , and peas .
those taylor boys are like two peas in a pod ; perpetual bachelors with no interest in settling down .
wow , daniel and his dad are two peas in a pod .
it was pea green and looked like something from the 1970s that she 'd nabbed from a thrift store .
` ` is that a pea ?
tonight he wore jeans and a navy pea coat , which only added to the effect .
* * * i walked mallory back to the town house with a belly full of layers - heavy on the mashed potatoes , lardons , peas , and grilled chicken .
her voice sounded like she 'd squished it to the size of a pea .
he was about to yell at her , to tell her she was being played , but there was something odd about that jaw and the way it shifted from side to side , like she was rolling pea gravel around in her mouth .
he 'd seen many moments , some that had shrunk his nuts to the size of peas .
the dj kicked up the black eyed peas and the strobes made those couples dancing look like zombies on crack .
more black eyed peas .
a minute later , he had her steak dinner in front of her , served with pea pods and roasted potatoes .
wyatt and johnny had been two vampiric peas in an undead pod .
she could practically smell the salmon , the roasted duck , the wild peas and rice , the cafe au lait penetrating through the moist hot air , enveloping her and urging her on .
when my father pointed it out , she had thrown a can of peas at him , catching him on the shoulder .
` ` they 're birds with brains the size of a pea .
she rifled through the frozen goods , pitching bags of peas , corn and waffles in the sink before sighing .
flecks of metal and rock the size of peas and pinheads dotted the upper back of his left calf .
` ` two peas in a pod ? ''
she held her beer in her left hand , a bag of peas draped over her right .
except maybe , who are you and where 's the pea pod from outer space that 's holding my sister hostage ?
` ` but do n't say i did n't warn you when you leave with mashed peas in your hair . ''
bread and cheese and joints of roast and buttered peas and peaches stewed in honey and wine .
they 'd dined in his rooms , a simple supper of chicken and gravy with carrots and peas and a cherry tart for dessert .
` ` it 's not very big , merely the size of a large pea , yet it 's quite sensitive and must be stroked on the right spot . ''
the smear looked suspiciously like pea soup .
he did n't care what was going through their pea brains .
besides the meat pie , there were new peas , carrots , fresh bread , and stewed fruit .
jamie 's mouth was full of peas , but he nodded enthusiastically to show he 'd like a trip to a badger sett .
abigail had merely pushed her peas about her plate and then asked to be excused early , saying she had a migraine .
this he shared with the old man , and with a tin cup of water from a nearby stream , it made a very fine meal indeed ... ... -from laughing jack that night , melisande sat at dinner and contemplated a meal of boiled beef , boiled carrots , and boiled peas .
melisande used the tines of her fork to scoot the peas to the edge of her plate , feeling rather sorry for mary .
she 'd actually begun to wonder if he was avoiding her , if something was the matter , but he seemed perfectly normal now as he forked up peas and joked with the footmen .
melisande ate a pea .
there was a silence as melisande con c meto templated her cooling peas and carrots .
` ` they 're traveling to scotland , '' bernie the footman said as he brought the dish of peas back into the kitchen .
we are as alike as two peas in a pod . ''
` ` after a day 's march in the rain , our provisions were always wet , including the dry peas and meal . ''
i rather thought they might be related to peas , only more sour , if you understand my meaning . ''
` ` as i was saying- '' ` ` very , very sour peas , '' lady hasselthorpe said .
strange , but he got the feeling they were two peas in a pod .
a cold rinse off , a can of peas , and a piece of meat were a new heaven that i often longed for .
i would have sung like a bird if you 'd tried to make me eat peas . ''
leeches are right up there with needles and peas for me .
for the second time , some of you.mack was doing a great job of acting like he could n't give a flying fudge about me being at the table sitting directly across from him , with his casual nod and sudden interest in the arrangement of his peas on his plate .
i put some peas on my plate , the smallest portion i could manage and still officially be eating them .
` ` damn straight , '' mumbled ian , jabbing his fork into a pile of peas .
i snorted and then hid my mouth behind a forkful of peas as the conversation carried on without me .
him and ian both , two butthead peas in a pod .
i wonder when we need to start feeding the babies peas . ''
they are two awful peas in an even more awful pod .
` ` you 're forgiven , sweat pea .
tell me what 's going on in your little pea brain right now . ''
` ` yes , it 's quite appalling that i was raised on fish , chips , and mushy peas .
you have to think of it bursting inside you ; filling you and filling you , drowning you into nothing but - '' and then he was like a puddle of mushy peas in the space of a second .
he stopped moving as the feeling of lukewarm mystery casserole and smooshed peas hit the material of his pants , quickly soaking in to reach his legs .
- peas from the freezer .
in the icebox i find peas .
the peas are gone .
two peas in a pod : my son sitting quietly - for a few moments at least - in my husband 's lap .
` ` i 'll show you around campus tomorrow , sweat pea , if you want , '' luke said with a smile and wink to grace .
` ` are you happy , sweet pea ? ''
` ` talk to me , sweet pea .
` ` good morning , sweet pea .
` ` me too , sweet pea .
his diaper sags halfway down to his knees and there 's a big stain of what looks like peas , but could be something grosser , down the front of his cars shirt .
` ` you 're welcome , sweet pea .
` ` sweet pea , come here . ''
just before adding the pea pods and sauce , someone knocked on the door .
come on , eat your peas . ''
` ` i dropped a jar of peas and i thought i got 'em all , but i found some renegades later on and forgot beth was there when i did . ''
` ` little f**kers , '' beth said promptly , obviously remembering the moment when joss encountered the renegade peas .
she peered over at tessa as the housekeeper set down chipped bowls of yellow pea soup .
because when i woke moments or hours later , i was covered by a pea green and orange afghan , and simon was standing at the kitchen island eating a bowl of honey nut cheerios .
` ` what about the dried peas and the oatmeal ? ''
having inquired as to the normal fare aboard ship , i had taken the precaution of stowing - along with my surgeon 's cask of lime juice and the collection of medicinal herbs - three hundred pounds of dried peas and a similar quantity of oatmeal , intending that this should be used to supplement the seamen 's normal diet .
he declined absolutely to trouble with such nuisances as soaking peas or boiling oatmeal .
he had bounced from wall to wall like a dried pea in a wean 's rattle , unable to tell up from down , right from left in the heaving dark , and not much caring , either , as waves of seasickness rolled through his body .
there was no sign of him in the kitchen itself ; only three or four women , kneading bread and snapping peas , who looked up curiously as we came through .
it had also a constant stream of men going in and out , emerging with sacks of flour or dried peas .
he had a large stone in his hand ; his brother - it had to be his brother ; they looked like two peas in a pod , both half grown and gawky as turkey poults - had a good - sized club .
now the sty itself had shrunk to the size of a pea , and at least three - quarters of the eye was visible .
rachel was sitting on the bench out front , shelling peas into a basin , the basin sitting comfortably atop her stomach .
` ` restless , '' she said , catching the edge of the basin as a vigorous kick made it bounce , scattering peas .
` ` so am i , '' she added , as i brushed the spilled peas off her petticoat and poured them back into the pan .
` ` i hate to see you let anything get in the way of your happiness , sweet pea . ''
we were two peas in a pod .
they were really two peas in a pod .
he bought a couple of ready meals , some bread , coffee , milk , frozen peas and painkillers for her foot .
he handed her the frozen peas for her foot , then busied himself with the rest of the microwave meals , following the instructions on the packaging .
she got up , wincing , so that the peas fell onto the floor and poured herself another .
jess lifted her bruised foot and placed the bag of frozen peas back onto it .
she turned to the front , adjusted the frozen peas , and thought about trains .
we used to fight quite a lot , because she was only fourteen months younger than me and mum said we were like peas in a pod .
a large , georgian rectory , its tall windows partly obscured by showers of pale wisteria , its drive a caramel pea shingle , it was the perfect house for a colonel .
and while i fiddled with bits of potato and talking peas and made silly voices , she told them .
i had to agree with her as i stared at the pea sized image .
` ` no , we ca n't today , sweet pea .
i added my navy pea coat then watched the street from our living room window .
i shrugged off my pea coat and ben hung it on the hooks provided by our table .
i pulled my navy pea coat around my chest and burrowed into the scarf looped around my neck .
he 's wearing dark jeans , a navy shirt that accentuates the light color of his eyes and a darker navy lightweight pea coat .
she had a bag of peas stuffed in her nursing bra , and her hair was a mess .
the fruit trees , cotton , black - eyed peas , squash , potatoes and corn were all well known to the occupants of this house .
his eyes shrunk to the size of peas , his muscles shriveled , his flesh went tight , and his heart imploded .
the ball of storming energy the size of a pea doubles with each heartbeat , and it keeps growing till it engulfs my muscle .
they all seemed to be wearing pea coats .
a grizzled old man in a captain 's hat and faded pea coat with a set jaw and glassy eyes that had seen better days .
my weapons are like pea shooters compared to what these fucking creatures can unleash on us , galvin said then he looked at michael when it sunk in what he said .
sarah remembered the old story about the princess and the pea , but she kept the smart - aleck comments to herself .
green peas .
sure , he was a kind of dictator over them , but they were like delicate little green peas in this new garden from hell that fortune had cast them inside of , and they needed someone to lead them and teach them the ropes before they died at the hands of the deadly menace that was all over pennsylvania and might be moving directly toward them with malevolence in its heart .
mostly it was three pieces of white bread for each person , one vienna sausage , half a cup of warmed peas and carrots , and some canned peaches .
adara slowly ate her peas , trying to decide if she should speak .
as he gets closer , he notices that the building is a glass and concrete structure with a pea green stone - chip exterior .
` ` peas in a pod those two . ''
imagine dropping a pea into the middle of the ocean .
chapter 1 - introduction there are many small things around us like a pea , an orange , entire earth .
senseperts sweet pea , her favorite shampoo .
sure it was a near death experience , but so was choking on a pea .
his dad held a bag of frozen peas .
his father tossed him the peas , and began talking .
as i put water on to boil , i think of how he liked to mix peas and faux - tuna in with the noodles .
tomatoes and peas vining right up to the top of the skylight .
turtles are pea brained animals , stupid as stumps . ''
somehow , i have no idea how , they banded together and merged their little pea brains into a powerful single mind and will .
that pea brain was one of blakes creations , he said .
he grows beans , peas , tomatoes , cucumbers , corn , potatoes , squash , and next to the apple orchard he has strawberries and raspberry bushes .
now i can finally tell the black eyed peas just where the love has gone . ''
upon handing louis a more few carrots , a handful of green peas and a half of head of lettuce he continued to speak as louis welcomed the meal , ` ` oh and here a loaf of baked bread i stole from mrs . beamer 's kitchen shelf .
bit of a shiner , but nothing time and a bag of frozen peas ca nt fix .
sugar snap peas straight from the garden .
one of my favorites , but they ca nt be snap peas , they re the size of cucumbers .
it indeed snapped when she broke it in half , revealing gulf ball sized peas .
ok , it looks and tastes like a sugar - snap pea , but its impossibly huge !
he carried steaming plates piled with over - easy eggs and snap peas to the dining table , where elizabeth joined him .
can i see where you goths grow the giant snap peas ?
directly in front of her were snap - pea vines that reached to the top of a twenty - foot trellis , zucchini plants with leaves the size of elephant ears , and lettuce plants with heads already the size of water melons .
okay , well , the pineal is a tiny little gland about the size of a pea , and it lives in a dark cave just behind and above the pituitary gland , with which it has a relationship .
it was like the pea under three cups game .
a shower of smaller rocks ranging in size from a morris oxford to a birds eye frozen pea had been thrown over the main cylinder of the vessel .
his aura was an unpleasant pea soup color that was turning to gray .
the korean sisters were like peas in a pod , identical in every way , even down to their little eek sounds .
she grabbed a can of peas , opened it , and snagged a spoon .
she tucked them under herself , logged onto the chat program on the laptop , and ate her cold peas .
she needed to clean up the peas that she 'd spilled at some point and wash the spoon .
she looked at the clock , then at the spilled peas , and jumped into action .
she cleaned up the peas and took a quick shower .
five minutes later , he returned with a cloth bag full of canned peas .
he removed the canned peas from the sack .
you are as like as two peas .
back to my nice hotel , enjoy the evening , up early tomorrowbut not too earlydrive down to dover , lunch on the ferry , pretty ghastly food but they do serve mushy peas , and home at around 8 p.m. and another 1,200 , they pay my travelling time .
her brother , who had spent the whole time rearranging the peas on his plate , raised his head .
as mordon ate the mealwhich consisted of venison , peas , chicken stew , beans , and a glass of waterhe wondered where the escaper had made off to , and who it was .
he like to be fashionable and dress well , for instance , today he had on a dark purple tie , gray dress pants , gray pea coat , black dress shirt , and a silver chain hung from his jacket pocket to his pocket watch .
i should have had dr . quickly gravity zap me a pea coat .
francesca unloads one of her bags and slides her arms into a grey pea coat .
she lays her pea coat over herself instead as she gets comfortable on the couch .
she shivers as she lays her pea coat , hat and scarf on the table with our jackets .
tinned soups , peas , sweat corn , noodles , soya mini hot dogs , pilchards , beans , corned beef and lastly a tin of spaghetti os .
the earth expression is : two peas in a plantation pod .
lydia said i had a can of peas in my hand , and she was sure i was going to bean kate in the head with them .
for some reason she found it funny that i would bean someone in the head with a can of peas , and she giggled .
roast pork was served with peas and corn and gravy .
i m jolted at the sight of horatia , tall and thin in sleek jeans and a navy blue pea coat .
he reached for the peas .
the old navy pea coat discovered in the local thrift store was over all of it .
down the back of the pea coat her wet hair draped so brown it was almost black , staining the pea coat with wet .
down the back of the pea coat her wet hair draped so brown it was almost black , staining the pea coat with wet .
lets go up to the dining room , sweet pea , she said , lifting her little girl from her lap .
that s okay , sweet pea , nathan said , winking at natalie .
oh sweet pea , i missed you so much !
the sky was green , the pea - soup fog of london .
upon it was a piece of chicken pie , some potatoes , and a small pile of peas .
i skip down the off ramp heading for home , and bangers and mash , with peas and gravy for dinner .
i need to feed me for the next year ; ill plant potatoes , onions and carrots , and green beans and peas and pumpkins , red peppers and tomatoes .
i thought that the master and ptard were both like really good mates , two peas in a podor am i wrong ?
they took off their jackets and pea coats to show him how big they were .
was it politically correct to compare a svellik to a young insect with the mental capacity of a pea ?
yet , like many enchanted beings in the pea , the centaur was intensely loyal to the wizard .
the pea is rapidly contracting !
jake and regent ted looked like two peas from one pod .
fried chicken , mashed potato with butter , peas , gravy , corn .
i do n't understand how come your species became self - aware with only a pea brain like yours .
most of my platoon is there , planted in a nice straight row , like peas .
eat your peas , penelope sylvia .
i do nt like peas .
she whined , which james immediately mimicked in his typical high - pitched rendering of her voice before rolling onto his stomach , picking up her fork , and scooping up a forkful of peas .
he told me , as penny finished the last of her peas and scampered off with grace , and she s the only one were going to have , so she s my firstborn and my only , and in those circumstances , how am i supposed to help the fact that i find everything she does so utterly adorable and wonderful and perfect ?
lydia said i had a can of peas in my hand , and she was sure i was going to bean katie in the head with them .
they got to look in the freezer compartment of the refrigerator to see if any of the packages of frozen peas and beans actually contained frozen dope , slyly mismatched .
something along the lines of frozen peas , frozen ersatz veal steak , and coffee from the goddamn unhomeostatic friggin ' coffee machine , which never worked even at the start .
for months , it was the brightest object in the sky , always excepting the glowing white pea that was the sun .
like pea soup . ''
the carrots tasted rather strongly of carrots and the peas of peas , so to speak .
the carrots tasted rather strongly of carrots and the peas of peas , so to speak .
folds and overfolds of dunes spread across the flat : silica grit measured out by the winds , mounded into waves - pea sand , grit sand , pebbles .
they grow peas and corn and beans down there .
corn was the main crop , but there were beans and also some peas .
chapter 043 things were notgoing well , rick diehl thought , as he wiped pureed green peas off his face and paused to clean his glasses .
the skin there actually bubbled and moved , and as i watched a round lump the size of a pea formed in the skin and burst , expelling a round buckshot that fell to the parking lot .
` ` this is a real beef roast , real spring potatoes and green peas and white rolls . ''
with it , joe brought to table mashed potatoes with gravy , cranberry jelly sliced into thick red discs , green peas ( ` ` only canned , say sorry , '' he told them ) , and a dish of little boiled onions bathing in sweet canned milk .
canned meat , canned peas , canned fruit .
or maybe a big plate of spaghetti and meatballs , with italian bread and peas swimming in butter on the side .
miss nancy , shelling peas in the kitchen when he found her , stared at him for a long moment , then shook her head , her chin jutting .
though michael had invented himself as many a person has done in california , creating a style perfectly in tune with the style of so many other self - invented people , he was always partly that tough kid from the irish channel who had grown up using a piece of bread to push his peas onto his fork .
she had a narrow , erect body , a truly superb carriage , barney noted , and small , up - jutting breasts with nipples no larger than matched pink peas .
but she 's in a better place now , andy - she had dinner with jems christ tonight - roast beef , fresh peas , mashed with gravy !
some hit the bars - barbie heard the metallic rattle , like peas in a tin cup , even with the gunshot ringing in his ears - but none of them hit junior .
i might have been reading my own biography , there in the library ; psychologically we were as alike as two peas in a pod , and by understanding him i understood myself .
priscilla sat on the couch in a pea green turtleneck and a scratchy - looking wool skirt , and scowled at me in disapproval of dickensian proportion .
one barrel roll and he 'd be like a pea in a shaker .
sable and his accountant had just come from a small , expensive , and particularly exclusive restaurant in greenwich village , where the cuisine was entirely nouvelle : a string bean , a pea , and a sliver of chicken breast , aesthetically arranged on a square china plate .
it 's got nothing to do with peas .
once it had been filled with tall corn and green bursts of beans and peas .
deel plowed it under and tom helped deel plant peas and beans for the fall crop , some hills of yellow crookneck squash , and a few mounds of watermelon and cantaloupe seed .
they went to the line with their favorite checkout girl , the one who did n't mind when their daughter helped scan the bar codes on the soup cans and the frozen peas .
so that , for example , if any man were to tie up a number of pebbles in a kerchief and let it down into the water on a string , when he pulled it up the pebbles would have turned into peas or rubies or the eggs of vipers .
fat charlie sat down where she pointed , and within seconds there was placed in front of him a plate piled high with stew peas and rice , and sweet potato pudding , jerk pork , curry goat , curry chicken , fried plantains , and a pickled cow foot .
they were the finest , the fattest , the greenest peas you ever did see .
from the moment anansi saw the pea field , he wanted them .
anansi , he waits down there all the day but when night falls he climbs out of the grave , and he goes into the pea patch , where he picks him the fattest , sweetest , ripest peas .
he sleeps as his wife and his sons find the peas gone ; he sleeps through them seeing the pot empty of water and refilling it ; he sleeps through their sorrow .
each night anansi comes out of his grave , dancing and delighting at the cleverness of him , and each night he fills the pot with peas , and he fills his tummy with peas , and he eats until he can not eat another thing .
each night anansi comes out of his grave , dancing and delighting at the cleverness of him , and each night he fills the pot with peas , and he fills his tummy with peas , and he eats until he can not eat another thing .
then they go down to the tar pits , and they buy them sixpennyworth of tar , enough to fill four big buckets , and they take that tar back to the pea patch .
and down in the middle of the pea patch , they make them a man out of tar : tar face , tar eyes , tar arms , tar fingers , and tar chest .
` ` it 's my pea patch .
it was sort of like macbeth , thought fat charlie , an hour later ; in fact , if the witches in macbeth had been four little old ladies and if , instead of stirring cauldrons and intoning dread incantations , they had just welcomed macbeth in and fed him turkey and rice and peas spread out on white china plates on a red - and - white patterned plastic tablecloth - not to mention sweet potato pudding and spicy cabbage - and encouraged him to take second helpings , and thirds , and then , when macbeth had declaimed that nay , he was stuffed nigh unto bursting and on his oath could truly eat no more , the witches had pressed upon him their own special island rice pudding and a large slice of mrs . bustamonte 's famous pineapple upside - down cake , it would have been exactly like macbeth .
she shifted her peas around her plate , admitting that she had been a real bitch this afternoon .
wearing onlya pair of baggy swim shorts that reached his knees , he swayed slightly as he stirred his homemade gungo pea and coconut soup , a family recipe .
a plastic capsule the size of a pea .
those two were peas in a pod .
despite the differences in size and gender , the pair were two peas out of the same pod .
to reveal the real peas under all those fake shells .
looking at a readout , the ships from earth and mars were clustered together like a handful of dried peas thrown in the same bowl .
peas she easily recognized - they had those on luna too - but there were some other sorts of vegetables that she did n't know , mixed with rice and covered in a thick , aromatic sauce .
there was an algar woman with long dark hair shelling peas at the table with him .
' we ' ve got dried beef and flour and peas and all in the back of your wagon . '
she cut steaks from the side of beef and made a thick soup of dried peas , seasoned with chunks of ham .
a heap of smoking chops lay on a silver platter , and there were boiled onions and peas and carrots swimming in a delicate cheese sauce .
the meal consisted of peloi trail rations , smoked mutton , dark bread and a thick soup made from dried peas .
she began setting out a ham , a few loaves of dark , peasant bread , a sack of dried peas and a dozen or so leathery - looking carrots , humming softly to herself as she always did when she was cooking .
not like his brother , but then jaime and tyrion were somewhat less than peas in a pod themselves .
` ` perhaps a dish of peas and onions , some fresh baked bread with butter , and a flagon of mulled wine to wash it down .
behind them , two young lordlings rode side by side on a pair of chestnut mares alike as peas in a pod .
ser osmund 's brothers osney and osfryd were peas from the same pod , tall men with hooked noses , dark hair , and cruel smiles .
no doubt the mountain 's men were still rattling around inside like so many dried peas in a suit of plate , but they were not ideally suited to restore the king 's peace to the trident .
you and cersei , pink and perfect , as alike as two peas in a pod ... well , except between the legs .
elsewhere were casks of apples and pears , dried peas , dried figs , bags of walnuts , bags of chestnuts , bags of almonds , planks of dry smoked salmon , clay jars packed with olives in oil and sealed with wax .
three of them had entered together by the lord 's door behind the dais - one tall , one plump , one very young , but in their robes and chains they were three grey peas from a black pod .
he fills his cart with soups and pastas , with corn and peas , with even , he 's delighted to find , custard .
they 're clearly peas in a pod , ai n't they ?
the trails leading to and from the tree were littered with pea - sized scat .
like baby food peas .
i got ta go to work now , sweet pea , i said as i stroked her hair .
they re two of a kind in the plantation pea pod .
and , ebro thanks jesus for his double gift now that jesus has decided that rusks duties as a human is all done and is needed for his new duty as angel while getting to keep feisty but hardworking mccamy as he chuckles with amusement who is just like ebrotwo peas in a single farmers pod .
oh , mrs . fitzroy , now they want roasted pork with beans in lemon juice , tomato soup , cornish pastries , crusted lamb with roasted vegetables , carrot cake with icing , salmon with pineapple and green peas , and the best beer and ale we can offer !
i raked the peas on my plate and heard lace asking me something else so i looked up to ask her what shed said .
i returned my eyes to my peas and listened to him ramble about the lack of meat from todays meal and he was still so dang hungry .
i drowned him out and messed with my peas again arranging the grand design of an exquisite smiley face in the center .
when they did nt think i was listening , i was silently arranging peas on my plate one night to know the layout .
there are crops nearby , corn mostly , also tomatoes and sunflowers , cucumbers and snap peas and peppers .
wild boar roasting on a spit over the fire filling his nose with pleasant smells making his mouth water in anticipation , at the same moment she is chopping up potatoes , onions , peas , carrots , garlic , beans and rice mixing them together with exotic smelling spices in a large pot also hanging over the fire for the most wonderful soup .
yes , yes you re very smart for a pea brain .
he reclines on the couch with a package of frozen peas pressed to his forehead and tries to remember his conversation with alisa .
i d rather not say , sweet pea .
she put on her black wool pea coat samantha gave her .
lyssa feared her wool pea coat would be ruined if she got caught in the rain .
it is something your pea sized brain does nt understand and something your sickly mits should not latch on to .
moments later , vanora emerged with a bag of frozen peas and two cans of orange soda .
he s nothing like that pea brain .
listen to this joan propped open a thick legal volume on the defrosting packet of peas she had forgotten to put back in the freezer : where a harbor master has reason to believe that the ship owner has committed an offence under section 131 by the discharge from the ship of oil into harbor waters , the harbor master may detain yes , but were talking about the open sea too late , jade caught a whiff of burnt onions .
he opened the cupboard and shoved a can of green beans in between two cans of peas .
i was just wondering , baby , if you ve had a chance to sample the gerbers strained peas yet ?
you guys are two peas in the podafraid of your own shadows .
they re quite a pairmets fans no lesstwo peas in a pod .
* a feast laid before them on the long , polished , wooden table ; an assortment of rice dishes ; some filled with vegetables such as peas , carrots , bean sprouts and onions ; some with chicken and some with beef .
think retro seventies at its finestorange cupboards , a pea green refrigerator and stove , and white linoleum flooring .
two peas in a plantation pod !
she looked down at her plate , mixing the peas around absently with her knife .
were just two peas in a pod , avice finished and laughed .
were just two peas in a pod , avice laughs .
water from the storm clung to everything , including the pea gravel outside the screened porch .
she makes steak , potatoes , peas and salad .
` ` now eat your peas . ''
his glances became more erratic and harder to follow as he twirled around , but i caught a flash of something in a pea green shade on one of his twists .
they were peas in a pod , no mistaking it .
they were thick , like pea soup , but they swarmed only beyond the circle of stone pillars .
the house had a small , well - maintained garden with abundant tomatoes , cucumbers , beans , peas , vegetables of all varieties .
then she added a few peas to the mix and pulled a few weeds .
sophie goes to the freezer , pulling out a bag of frozen peas .
i stand , grabbing the bag of peas , pressing it to my eye before leading nicole to my room .
oaka did this and fato gobbled up the piece that oaka had cut , which was barely bigger than a pea .
you let me know if that wrist or anything else bothers you okay , sweet pea ?
fish , potatoes and peas are all on tonight 's menu with homemade huckleberry pie for dessert .
mrs . lightfoot came back with a pack of frozen peas .
alejandro touched the pack of peas to his face , winced , then pressed it against the bruise .
oh , yeah , he said , and quickly picked up the pack of frozen peas to press against his bruised cheek .
the boy sneaks a quick look to his left , then right , his hands shoved inside the pockets of his black pea coat , and i can tell that he s schooling his face not to look embarrassed although he clearly wants the ground to swallow him whole .
dad fastens his knife jacket before putting his black pea coat on .
what does that pea brain of yours think ?
manna from heaven , or in our case alexi , dad would say when he saw a plate of sausage , peas , chips and gravy ; or beef dinner , or pork dinner or his other one , chicken dinner .
as we walked along the rows of peas and beans , broccoli and melons , sally told me that the garden had been built years ago when the farm was really big .
she was always driving off in her mini with boxes of tomatoes and lettuces or beetroots and peas for restaurants and shops around the county .
i walked through the lines of leeks and potatoes holding out his sandwich until i finally came to the peas .
he was popping pea pods .
he was placing each pea carefully next to the plant it had come from in a series of long lines he really did like things neat , did keith .
i trod on them , scattering the little round green peas .
i looked down and suddenly saw i d accidently disrupted the long lines of peas .
woah , sorry , keith , i said , i did nt realise you were , er lining up the peas .
he tackled me and drove me off the peas and we crashed into the rhubarb in the next row .
all the peas are gone , he shouted as he hurried back to the spot where i d broken the line .
all the peas are gone , and the sky is grey .
he was talking about the peas .
perhaps the story of how missile and preston really did win the last big one is getting mixed up with all the cabbages and peas in that garden of yours .
nothing against peas and carrots , but they were peas and carrots , and this was an extra - special , double - chocolate brownie .
nothing against peas and carrots , but they were peas and carrots , and this was an extra - special , double - chocolate brownie .
last time i watched her play , halfway through the game she thought she was shelling peas with her mom , and every time arnold tried to pick up a checker shed slap his hand and tell him to keep his mitts off the peas .
last time i watched her play , halfway through the game she thought she was shelling peas with her mom , and every time arnold tried to pick up a checker shed slap his hand and tell him to keep his mitts off the peas .
martin and jen are like peas and carrots , tammie .
cause man , i do nt give a pea stain about your blue jeans .
he s pea stain his jeans upon seeing us then get him to drive us home .
the two of them were like peas in a pod , always with their heads together when they saw each other , discussing what to modernize on the farm or how to repair the tractor .
you see two peas in a pod .
craig nodded while he swallowed the peas in his mouth .
my guess was that peas or something equally lovely currently covered the tank top .
we should talk , sweet pea .
no , it does nt , sweet pea .
switching to a sweeter subject , billy jack ai nt grossed out by you , sweet pea .
i did nt mean to add more depression into your life , sweet pea .
she could feel a thick veil of resentment , like pea soup , emanating from miranda .
sweet pea , she cooed , my dear , are you okay ?
the left over eggs ( i really wish she had nt told me her brilliant way of making it ) were boiled and mashed , and then colored a light pea green color .
she answered his questions and picked at her peas .
for a start , were going to need more than that pea shooter you brought with you .
~*~ hi , sweet pea .
be careful walking home , sweet pea .
sweet pea , whatever is bothering you , we can work it out .
sweet pea , rose whispered , stroking selenas bangs back from her face affectionately .
i always knew you were special , sweet pea .
i did nt see much of you at the party , sweet pea .
green could be , but was not reserved exclusively , for peas .
i like her , he said , elbowing a boy next to him , who ignored him and continued to push his peas around his plate .
the food looked more normal , some meat , cooked to death , mashed potatoes and peas .
jessica nodded and xander retrieved his pea coat from the seat beside him .
the walk from his lecture hall to the parking lot was only a few blocks but the wind was strong enough to gust aside the tails of his pea coat .
xander nodded weakly and pulled his pea coat tighter around his body .
my brain and the thing in it had shrunk back to the size of a pea and had a complex growth of spider - like veins coming out of it .
surgery could nt remove the pea without causing grave consequences to my motor skills , cognition and sight , so our options were to blast with radiation in the hopes of killing it , drugs to shrink it or leave it alone and see how it reacted .
now , its the size of a pea and is in the area of the pineal gland which you know has been associated with extrasensory perception .
with arans help , she managed to can a lot of tomatoes , harvest corn and pick a bunch of peas .
they had bread stuffing , cranberry sauce and some frozen green beans and peas , all courtesy of the supply run to hannafords .
he felt he was a little pea under a shell , waiting for the shell to be lifted .
round and sweet , its colour green that wakes you from your morning dream okay , peas are green and a cockerel crows in the morning .
i tuned the radio to j104.5 fm and caught the tail end of the black - eyed peas latest song .
spraying pesticides over food crops killing the little critters before they eat the pod and the pea .
two peas in a pod .
yes , we are two peas in a pod .
i mean its brain is the size of a pea .
how d those peas get there ?
you even needed a frozen bag of peas . ''
so each time his goblet was refilled , he took a pea from a nearby untouched pile and placed it next to his plate .
several platefuls of food and three peas later , stewie felt like he was about to burst .
picking at his peas , he waited impatiently for the rest of his sisters verbal assault .
attempting - with little success - to scoop up a spoonful of peas - he was too tired to argue with her .
with a ferris wheel and a loop of colourful tents at one end , and a parade piling up like river - wash against the big green pea of the grand gourd .
you ever hear the story bout the baker who could nt recognise two peas in a pod ?
during baby josephs feeding time , petey would sit under the high chair and lick up the mashed peas and carrots that would fall off the spoon , or eat the pretzels joseph would throw off his tray .
how are the peas doing ?
over wheat bread served with barley rice and peas , the smell of ghee , along with warm spirits , prevails .
home on the range , shine on harvest moon , take me out to the ball game , star spangled banner , jive talkin , girl you know its true , i m an old cow hand , tie a yellow ribbon , the yellow rose of texas , eating goober peas , hang on sloopy , muskrat love , my love , endless love , at last , alone .
if you wan na get paid so bad , whynt you get a job at the rail yard , sweet pea ?
after all , they had always been like two peas in a pod , albeit one a garden pea and the other a black - eyed pea .
after all , they had always been like two peas in a pod , albeit one a garden pea and the other a black - eyed pea .
after all , they had always been like two peas in a pod , albeit one a garden pea and the other a black - eyed pea .
she had on an open pea coat with a glittered pink cashmere scarf .
i hate peas , said amy as she stabbed the said - not - cared - for object on her plate with a fork , and leered at it as though it were a dead insect .
he knew that fresh beef was a rare treat for these men who usually survived on cornbread , peas and bacon .
they would soon wake up when they smelled cod and chips three times with salt , vinegar and mushy peas , geordie thought , smiling .
the purple berries from the tree are the size of green peas .
like when i was a child and my father gave me a pea to represent the earth then walked me many blocks to tell me where the sun was , and then told me we could n't even walk to the first stari cried then and almost cried now .
i , on the other hand , wore jeans that hung loose at the waist and sagged at the ass , along with diggs too - large pea coat , since my own reeked of smoke .
but , when the second main course of slow roasted chicken , seasoned with secret special seasonings that mrs . dyebuko concocted up herself , and the corn along with the delicious snap peas , well , the people of riverwolf pass just simply could not stop eating , no matter how full they actually were.the food tasted better than any of them had ever tasted before and they were all waiting with baited breath for the dessert to come out so they could gobble that down too .
all of which resulted in he and his brother continuing to look like two peas in a pod .
she ripped off the burnt - orange pea coat and handed it to me .
amidst the dark sunglasses , baseball caps , old - man hats , trench coats , and pea coats , i did nt spot malcolm .
peeling potatoes , or apples , or shelling peas , for instance .
now eat your peas and stop babbling . ''
he spotted the rectangular medallion case under a pea coat and tucked it in his waistband at the middle of his back .
her black pea coat is short and ends at her waist which is thin but her ass in huge .
the only food he had left was powdered milk , cereal , and canned peas .
david ate the last of his canned peas , the shanty feeling more and more like a prison .
i felt a wee bit sorry for evelyn , having to put up with those two peas in a pod .
we got some peas and ham .
he turned toward the sound and found mill , his erstwhile host , with a plate of black - eyed peas and cornbread in one hand , a rusty old lantern in the other .
in the lantern light , he saw that the peas had ham hocks chunked up in them and they were steaming in the dark .
instead , he only managed to rise up on all fours and puke his peas and cornbread .
cheddar cheese soup , marinated ottomanelli 's quail broiled with fresh sage , sweet potato fritters and baby peas , homemade corn bread , and then , as a change of pace ( keep 'em off balance ) , an endive salad spiked with coriander .
extras on a movie set are taught to say peas and carrots , peas and carrots .
extras on a movie set are taught to say peas and carrots , peas and carrots .
she came in looking like the princess on the pea , with red hair falling over her shoulders , a white lacoste and trendy jeans .
i tucked the bracelet into one of the long pockets of my worn leather pea coat .
papa lifted the pea coat from the chair where i 'd draped it that afternoon .
were two peas in a pod .
when the front yard came into view he could see his mother sitting in a wooden rocking chair on the front porch shelling peas .
now bring me that other bag of peas over here .
actual produce that was even remotely healthy , ranging from as lettuce , tomatoes , salads , carrots , cauliflower , chick - peas , potatoes , and any kind of fruit was at point zero in all the west coast states .
the bags were labeled as an assortment of lentils , peas , beans , other legumes , potatoes ; basically any food that can be stored in dry condition for a near indefinite period of time .
after preparing two portions of fish fingers , chips and peas , i ushered the children to the table and within seconds they were shovelling down their dinner at lightning speed .
the ball of energy was no bigger than the size of a pea .
they had venison for dinner , along with powdered mashed potatoes , boiled peas , bread and butter .
a couple of men wrapped in thick pea jackets leaned against the crane and muttered in russian or something .
berry glides up the white tiles to a long row of chest freezers packed full of fish fingers , peas and pies and anything else that can survive being embalmed and frozen and then sold on light years later as if nothing happened .
did you really think that you could take a sniper down without so much as a pea shooter ?
bob thought , the pea was under the first cup all along !
finally gloria set out the food : pork chops , baked potatoes , snap peas and carrots .
too much engine noise and he probably had headphones underneath his helmet pounding death metal into his pea brain .
we had yorkshire puddings , mashed potato , carrots , peas , a breast of chicken smothered in gravy and i helped myself to a generous dollop of mint sauce and english mustard , which made jason screw his face up in disgust .
the traveller was now propelled unsteadily into georges chest , bouncing off it like a pea off a tank .
there was n't much there - just a bag of frozen peas and a bag of oven chips , both in the top compartment .
he went back to the freezer , opened one of the drawers , and pulled out an open pack of frozen peas .
frozen peas would never support the weight of a person .
he kept his attention on the bag of peas .
he opened the freezer again , and took out the open bag of peas .
opening the bag as much as he could , jake poured the peas onto the stairs and the floor below , then he let go of the bag .
the clattering sound of a couple of hundred peas on wooden floors was enough to alert the watchman .
the guy stood at the top of the stairs and peered down , seeing the bag of peas below .
lorries- trucks lungi- traditional garment worn around the waist in indonesia , bangladesh , india , sri lanka , burma , brunei , malaysia , singapore , the horn of africa and the southern arabian peninsula machchan- brother - in - law , also used as a friendly greeting ( tamil ) mallu short for malayalam speaking people , the language spoken in the southern state of kerala makgeolli- alcoholic beverage native to korea , made from a mixture of wheat and rice , which gives it a milky , off - white color , and sweetness naan a leavened , oven - baked flatbread that is typical of and popular in west , central and south asia nadan curry- kerala beef curry narak- hell ( hindi ) pitaji father ( hindi ) rajya sabha- upper house of the indian parliament rakshash demon ( hindi ) rowdies- gangsters , lumpen saala brother - in - law ( hindi ) , also used affectionately for friends saar - sir sambar- a vegetable stew or chowder based on a broth made with tamarind and pigeon peas , and is very popular in the cooking of southern regions of india samguk yusa- memorabilia of the three kingdoms , is a collection of legends , folktales , and historical accounts relating to the three kingdoms of as well as to other periods and states before , during , and after satyagraha- fast shikoro shut up ( korean ) shikya- bastard ( korean ) soju- a distilled beverage native to korea , comparable to vodka , though often slightly sweeter suprabhatam- auspicious dawn prayer tauba tauba- god forbid ( hindi ) thalaivar leader ( tamil ) thammuda- younger brother ( telugu ) ttong shit ( korean ) upama- simple rice snack usually served for breakfast vatan country , motherland ( hindi ) yaar- dear friend ( hindi ) zamindari - a zamindar was an aristocrat , typically hereditary , who held enormous tracts of land and held control over his peasants , from whom they reserved the right to collect tax .
from a bentwood box , he picked up several long vines like dried sweet peas .
the great geneticist gregor mendel interbred red and white peas to get pink flowers .
maybe that s true for peas , i resisted .
the peas had been law abiding citizens until the youngest , luciano , decided that vastly more money could be made from drugs than fish .
as the only son of the pea fishing company owner , he inherited the business from his father .
experience proved pea correct when the drug wars made less sophisticated transportation techniques obsolete .
these were people dedicated to continuing the war on drugs , the war that made pea and others wealthy .
of course , claire knew of the rumors about the pea crime syndicate .
she was sure that pea had murdered jos , but also knew he had the means to cover it up .
he grew up on the pea boats , proving his loyalty many times to his boss .
ramon and his men did most of the dirty work for pea .
cregan was familiar with peas temperament and had seen him kill his most loyal men for small mistakes .
cregan just cried as pea moved close to his face .
then pea ordered , you should see your buddy from folsom on sea fury ( another pea ship ) .
then pea ordered , you should see your buddy from folsom on sea fury ( another pea ship ) .
managing a drug distribution network was dangerous for pea .
the plane departed at four with the pilot and ramon in the cockpit , because peas girlfriend was frightened of the big body guard .
she enjoyed the high - rolling lifestyle , traveling with pea even if he was twenty years older .
ramon sat in front again , while pea sat in the back , groping his girl on the way to the bellagio .
an hour later , pea and ramon were driving down a dusty dirt road toward an old borax mine to meet victor morales , his nevada distributor .
morales ignored ramon , addressing only pea , hola , mi amigo .
victor was concentrating on pea without concern about his two hired killers .
morales looked nervously between pea and ramon .
the pea ships carried more cargo than any land - borne channels , which also made pea an enemy to hundreds of smaller distributors .
privately , some of the obstinate distributors would need to be dealt with by pea and his allies .
you think they got anything on pea ?
he knew only pea would attack him north of the border .
that pea would make him a pawn in their world was unforgivable .
his man confirmed that he saw the boy inside and was told that pea would show himself after melndez freed the boy .
they had been used to kill many times and he was sure that pea himself was no match if he came alone .
when melndez freed his son , he would enjoy killing pea slowly with a knife , once the boy was safely out of earshot .
there was not going to be any collaboration between pea and melndez .
it was pea .
in truth , richards and the fbi suspected pea also , but had to keep an open mind for other possibilities .
richards had a preliminary report from the fbi that peas two boats were tied up all night and the big one only left after sunrise .
he had been careful to avoid competing directly with the pea organization that controlled western territories outside la .
both pea and al - zeid avoided direct confrontation , but there were occasional conflicts between their dealers when they tried to expand into common areas .
in just over ten years , his gross sales were approaching peas , even if his profits were less .
it always excited pea to arrive at his private hangar at san jose international .
its cabin was tall enough for pea to stand , but ramon had to stoop at the waist to move around .
ramon lay on the couch across from pea , sleeping while in the air .
the man had no interest in reading or talking , which was one of the reasons pea trusted him .
nearing the airstrip , the pilot did several spiral turns at lower altitudes , while pea and ramon examined the perimeter carefully .
mojo was almost a head taller than pea and a physical match would be completely one - sided , but this was a business meeting .
i know yous right , pea .
on the other hand , the supply was limited , which pea could help .
mojo was nt smiling , but he was looking at pea seriously .
kasey had tried to get court permission using the new technology to activate the microphones on peas registered phone in order to listen to conversations that take place near him , but her request was denied after several weeks because the national security agency would not authorize use of the technology for evidence in open court .
this gave pea the idea for installing chambers below the freezer holds on wanderer and fury .
this was the only time pea worried .
mel never questioned pea about rumors of drug trafficking , and she accepted that armed guards were necessary to protect the family .
she never asked pea about his business .
she did nt care much for peas constant attention seeking and public appearances .
laura was completely defenseless against pea .
she knew they would never touch her as long as pea was pleased .
the major of san francisco was elected mostly because pea contributed huge amounts of money to his campaigns and to high - visibility projects where the mayor got publicity at ribbon cuttings .
of course , his first night on the job , dumping his predecessor into the sea , was a reminder of what pea did to people when he was unhappy .
queen did nt have a helipad like the two larger pea ships , so whoever it was was nt planning to land .
i need more evidence , involving pea himself .
even though the risk from his distributors making a deal with the feds was now mojos problem , pea still needed to have an escape plan if mojo was compromised .
it struck pea that jenson did nt want to acknowledge him by name , although he clearly recognized the voice .
his driver parked in front in the center of the circular driveway and opened peas door in the back .
his first name , which could also be a last name , was easily explained at the hotel , but confused anyone that was tracking pea .
after the play , the auditorium lights came on and hundreds of people filed out politely , several stopping to greet the peas .
most of the cast and parents went out to celebrate , but pea instructed the driver to go directly home for security reasons .
ramon recognized him as one of mojos men and left pea at the front desk to register while he went to stand by the other body guard .
the bodyguard kept his eyes on pea across the lobby and simply twitched his head toward the lounge chairs outside under the covered veranda .
he had no professional security training and did nt know what he was looking for , but it kept him occupied while pea relaxed .
mohamed al - zeid , mojo , walked quickly to pea , who stood in the middle of the room , smiling broadly .
he seemed to be calming down and listening as pea explained .
as they approached their cars , pea extended his hand to al - zeid .
peas own actions ( or someone like pea ) were helping lose their own battle .
peas own actions ( or someone like pea ) were helping lose their own battle .
they all knew they were discussing luciano pea .
you know who pea is .
we have some circumstantial information , but not enough to go after pea .
john and the other two spent another half hour talking about the kind of evidence that would put pea away for good .
he frequently went back to california to work with the state staff , so his being with claire for a few days should nt alarm pea , but he d have to work fast .
she knew he d done dangerous things before , but never against someone like pea .
he wanted to know how it was done so he could help snare pea .
traitor sue ann flannigan had met luciano pea at a dedication ceremony at the stedman academy in san francisco .
she was certain that pea was a legitimate businessman , but he had dealings with others that were probably on the fringe .
she started finding out details about the legal initiative in washington for pea , not understanding the gravity of his interest .
what she did not know is that the investigative and enforcement company that pea used had identified sue ann as a target for influence when they first investigated jos riveras role in the states plan .
after eliminating jos had nt stopped the initiative , pea needed to go after claire , but she was nt alone .
hunter was stunned when he saw her with pea .
ramon used the auxiliary car to drive pea home .
worse , she was in danger by even associating with pea .
he could nt risk telling her about pea killing jos .
for your safety , you need to act perfectly normal and not let pea know that i talked to you .
could she really throw away her family for whatever pea gave her ?
pea might be on his way out of the country right now !
there had to be some clue about how pea eluded capture smuggling dope .
he knew the basic layout of the docks from google earth aerial shots and the relative location of peas three ships according to their assigned berths .
he d been warned and decided to go tactical , presuming that pea would nt expect him back in california immediately .
this was an intangible war with pea .
i ve got some information that could help you a lot , putting pea away .
hunter nodded and said , i know how pea moves his drugs .
if they match the crease marks under joss car that should prove pea killed him .
even if we could get the dimensions admitted , i m not sure it would prove anything conclusive and would probably be a signal for pea to boogey out of here .
you could also get killed or cause pea to bolt out of here .
if the feds need to catch pea in the act , hunter would lead them to him .
i guess i just want this guy pea out of our lives .
the short of it is that i ve been dating luciano pea for almost a year .
he was worried that pea had survived to be the drug king of california because he was nt easily deceived .
she just hoped he was nt fighting pea on his own .
the government was not going to help until they had an ironclad case against pea , and they might all be dead by then .
another part of her wanted to see pea suffer the way they were suffering under his threats -- the way jos had suffered .
he had nt told leigh about peas visit .
that guy , pea , must ve thought you were trouble for him .
for the next thirty minutes , he told her about sue anns confession , and they discussed what a madman like pea was capable of .
the threats from pea were still lingering in the background .
she faked a kidnapping so that i would be forced to help her boyfriend luciano pea .
how did your cousin get mixed up with luciano pea ?
he was going after pea , even if the law could nt touch him .
if john had anything to do with her disappearance or associated with someone who informed pea , hunter had just made himself a target .
hunter knew he was placing himself in the crosshairs for pea .
he slept uneasily , possibly because it was a dead girls apartment , he was sure of it , and also because it was only a matter of time before pea came for him .
he also stated that john richards was the only person besides claire and him that knew of sue anns relation with pea .
our main interest right now is the alleged drug smuggling by pea .
we know all kinds of stuff about pea .
when he left , and the door was closed again , she said , hunter , i do nt know if this is useful to you or not , but pea just started a pact with another big smuggler .
we think mojo now does all the distribution , or most of it , and pea supplies all his goods .
you can read all about mojo on the internet , he s not private like pea .
well probably get mojo sooner than pea , and he might bring pea down with him .
well probably get mojo sooner than pea , and he might bring pea down with him .
she was taking the right precautions , and he felt certain that any concern by pea would be focused solely on him in california .
he was tired , thinking about protecting his family and helping the police to finally nail pea .
he had reported the situation to pea , which was something the senate code of ethics would not condone .
he knew the risk he was taking now with pea .
he did nt panic , there was no threat on him at the moment , but he was frustrated furious that a monster like pea could just rip his family apart .
the only solace that night was his fictional plan for pea and his family .
either pea had new higher - caliber assassins or this was something else .
hunter nodded , you mean with pea ?
he basically introduced the senator to pea after determining that jenson was of low moral character , shall we say .
jos had some kind of distant family relationship to the peas and got close to luciano after he got involved with the state .
i guess pea figured he d be worth something someday .
he had to take this directly to pea and not sit waiting for some sniper to lay him out .
it was difficult to recon the parking lot in the deluge , but the risk was low that pea would station men outside a dead girls apartment for days on end .
while they were talking , peas phone buzzed .
korb moved to the chair opposite pea that always seemed slightly lower .
he just needed to kill off pea to finalize the deal .
he d need to watch carefully to see if any violence was reported in the bay area involving pea .
hunter just wanted pea put away or killed .
in san francisco , captain korb left his guest and walked to the bridge phone to call pea .
richards had been untied and stripped twelve hours earlier before the freezer was energized , after korb met with pea .
korb panicked , thinking he d gone too far without getting the answers pea had demanded .
was pea really shipping more drugs to his collaborator in san pedro , or was something else happening ?
hunter had nt said anything about her , but they both knew he thought pea killed her , too .
even for a man like pea , it was a lot of money .
the process in san pedro had been going on smoothly since before pea collaborated with mojo .
ruiz was waiting for pea and his friends to visit him before noon at his high - desert fortress .
but mojo had had a distribution network before collaborating with pea and was now cutting jesus back to be a local dealer .
jesus was trusted and was now motivated to cooperate with pea .
inside the equipment building , other pea men readied a rocket propelled grenade .
tell him to call luca pea immediately when he comes in .
hunter hoped that passage of the bill would finally put an end to peas business .
look , pea , its over .
what do you want , pea ?
he d had the plan in his mind for days , or weeks , but never brought it to the surface , until forced by pea now .
the one thing pea would value was his family .
this is what pea was using against hunter , love of family and now it would be used against him .
the front fence of the property was built like a fortress , and he assumed there would be guards on the inside , all peas murderous men .
hunter wondered what pea would do if he knew his guard was this lazy .
it rang four times before pea answered .
look pea , i want to know that laura , my fiance , is alive .
after some moments they heard a sullen reply from pea .
they re with me , pea .
i m trading with you , pea .
look pea , if you want your women back , you have to deal my way .
you know all about killing people pea .
shannon was crying , which pea could hear over the phone .
i m not the criminal here , pea .
more than the trauma of this night , their lives , their illusions about pea were shattered .
he did nt know if pea could be trusted .
he feared that she would be shot down in front of him as he approached just to satisfy peas sadistic blood - lust .
hunter could only imagine what pea was thinking , watching from the bridge of the ship .
hunter did as she asked , even though they were still in proximity of pea and his men .
hunter took laura to sue anns : he figured pea would be too busy cleaning up the mess in pacific heights and getting out of town to check there .
he took satisfaction that pea had lost his wife and daughter as payback , but he would always feel awful that he had used them as leverage .
he felt sick that pea was still a free man .
finally , they could convict pea for lauras kidnapping .
the case against pea was finally rock solid .
when the meeting ended , kasey left to prepare the charges that would put pea away for the rest of his life .
exit pea had used his private cash to finance the two drug shipments intended for mojo .
he knew pea would clean up the guards bodies and weapons on his estate .
laura and claire had gone to the eastern shore to be with the malones until pea was behind bars .
the fbi swooped down with warrants to arrest pea , ramon and korb .
we ve been peas in a pod since this trip began .
you two are like peas in pod .
microwave chips and peas in a bag .
i made out a man , bending over me , holding a bag of steaming chips and peas , which i could smell very clearly .
the cab door was open - that was what i had run into , a door doubtless left open while the driver went for chips and peas .
the police car zipped past , watched by the bearded man with chips and peas .
when he tossed his chips and peas into the cab and bent over me and put his hands under my arms to lift me up , i was sure it was because he was making a citizen 's arrest .
had they already been dead by the time coyote had stopped for chips and peas ?
it 's made from sweet halwa , chick peas and a bread we call puris .
yet , in the hands of someone trained , any gun , even a low caliber pea shooter , was more dangerous than something in the hands of someone like scott , untrained and shaky .
hello sweet pea .
as i walked toward the store , natalie opened the door , greeting me , hey sweet pea .
musta been a pea shooter .
bye , sweet pea .
the girls ' plates were heaped with chilled chicken salad , tiny buttery green peas and dainty squares of gingerbread .
the door was sprayed with jagged round holes about the size of a pea .
set off from the kitchen was a pantry with shelves of jarred pears , peaches , blackberries , tomatoes , okra , corn , squash , peas and beans , colors muted by the blue glass of mason jars .
her daddy had bought it for tommy when she turned twelve and took to sitting in the hallway , either sewing or shelling butterbeans and peas .
like her sitting in the breezeway shelling butterbeans and peas while merry gay and bernice picked them in the garden out back .
soon to be cozy after all chores were done , after the women had put up tomatoes , peas , peaches and pears for the winter , fodder , hay and corn set aside for the cattle , hogs and chickens , cords and cords of firewood cut that seemed like enough to last for months but would last all of one .
we ate a stew of potatoes , carrots , chicken , cabbage , corn , and peas .
the majority of the house was comprised of copper brick and the trim was a ghastly pea green i d had on my to - do list for , well , the last ten months .
no , its his name because he s so boring i want to snap his neck like a pea pod .
a tall muscular man stood on the top step ; wearing a black pea coat .
she was shelling peas as she watched him approach , her hands functioning efficiently and mechanically above the dishpan on her lap .
on one side of her was a large paper sack of freshly picked pea pods , on the other was another sack for the discarded hulls .
about eight kids were lined up against a pea green colored wall ignoring a cop who was lecturing them .
i looked at him , then at the other peas in the pod , and bellowed , you see this floor ?
one had a hole the size of a pea through the bridge of his nose .
special agent christopher princes house had started smelling of fried chicken , collard greens , macaroni and cheese , black eyed peas and sweet potato pies hours since the crack of dawn .
george was eight years younger than edward and although there was a likeness , they were nt like two peas in a pod .
they were the two peas in the preverbal pod to say the least .
both men were wearing night vision goggles , which made the sky and ground appear a bright pea green .
she stopped , with a packet of frozen peas in her hand , and realised it might have been him .
a white dinner plate held green peas , red beets , corn , and what looked like a chicken breast smashed with a branding iron .
skid climbed a cement stairway freckled with pea gravel , and sorted through a ring of nine keys for the one for his door .
they were wolfing steak and ale pie and chipped potatoes with mushy peas .
now i heard that dave and mike were like two peas in a pod ; always together .
black eye pea , said her young assistant , wiping the same window over and over .
they were becoming two peas in a pod , which was alright with steve , kept the bird man from bothering him .
no peas ? ''
my mother and grandmother would shell peas or butter beans .
my mother and grandmother sat in padded wooden chairs not far away , on the other side of the porch , shelling peas .
gran and my mother shelled butter beans and peas on the other side of the small porch .
the soft snap and crunch of the butter beans and peas stopped .
the peas and butter beans had been shelled .
under the strict supervision of my mother , i began picking tomatoes , cucumbers , peas , butter beans , corn - almost everything in the garden .
` ` no , no , those peas can wait . ''
i was sitting on the front porch , listening to the cardinals and watching my mother and gran shell peas and butter beans , when i saw a cloud of dust coming from the bridge .
i took a large bite of peas and stared at my plate .
` ` a painted house '' hail hit first , hard tiny specks the size of pea gravel , and i headed for the tractor .
next to it were the beans - black - eyed peas , crowder peas , green beans cooked with ham , and butter beans .
she and gran spent hours during the summer and early fall putting up vegetables from our garden - tomatoes , peas , beans , okra , mustard greens , and corn .
the women were shelling peas .
gran was in the kitchen boiling purple hull peas and canning them as fast as she could .
for a miserable hour i pulled black - eyed peas off vines .
i did , and she said i could after i picked one more basket of peas .
he longed for collards , peas , okra , fried chicken , barbecue pork , and fatback .
a plate lunch of cold chicken with a few peas went for three dollars ; his cost , a buck twenty - five .
you 're like two peas in a pod .
we 're peas in a pod .
something like roast stuffed sucking - pig with rice and peas -- too hot for the day , decided bond , but a feast for most of green island when the rich ` ` tourists '' had departed .
` ` colella 's got a potato nose , cauliflower ears and a pea brain . ''
they had erwtensoep , holland 's famous pea soup ; sampled kutspot , potatoes , carrots , and onions ; and boerenkool met worst , made from thirteen vegetables and smoked sausage .
that was followed by filet of chicken with snow peas and pecans , veal filet with szechuan sauce , and four - flavored fried rice .
there were baked potatoes and yams and fresh peas in the pod , six kinds of salads , homemade hot biscuits , and corn bread with honey and jam .
standing on the sidewalk , back to us and before the open clarendon gate , is a tall man dressed in jeans , boots , a pea jacket , and a black watch cap snugged down over his ears .
mike reaches into the pockets of linoge 's pea coat and brings out the yellow gloves .
although it 's summer in henry 's dream , linoge is dressed as he was when we first saw him on atlantic street , in front of martha clarendon 's house : pea coat , watch cap , bright yellow gloves .
at the tip of the v is linoge , dressed in his watch cap , pea coat , blue jeans , and yellow gloves .
linoge sweeps on , and a change is taking place as he walks : the pea coat is becoming a robe of royal silver - blue , decorated with suns and moons and other symbols of cabalistic design .
roast , potatoes , corn , snap peas , rolls , and iced tea .
` ` probably something gross like boiled pork and rubber peas .
he sat alone in a booth , picking at roast beef and peas , listening to harmless chatter around him .
beans , peas , mashed potatoes , and several slices of dry toast .
she cooked blackeyed peas in ham hocks .
soraya watched them leave , two peas in a pod .
mark was sick of the crying and the cold peas and the dark , cramped room , and he felt guilty for leaving but was delighted to be here in this sports car headed , he hoped , for a plate of hot , heavy food and # 8226 ; with warm bread .
they 're peas in a pod .
sweet pea !
jefferson had raised tobacco for sale to the scots , then switched to rye , clover , potatoes , and peas .
she and esau grew four types of tomatoes , butter beans , string beans , black - eyed peas , crowder peas , cucumbers , eggplant , squash , collards , mustard greens , turnips , vidalia onions , yellow onions , green onions , cabbage , okra , new red potatoes , russet potatoes , carrots , beets , corn , green peppers , cantaloupes , two varieties of watermelon , and a few other things she could n't recall at the moment .
she and esau grew four types of tomatoes , butter beans , string beans , black - eyed peas , crowder peas , cucumbers , eggplant , squash , collards , mustard greens , turnips , vidalia onions , yellow onions , green onions , cabbage , okra , new red potatoes , russet potatoes , carrots , beets , corn , green peppers , cantaloupes , two varieties of watermelon , and a few other things she could n't recall at the moment .
red and yellow tomatoes , cucumbers and onions in vinegar , butter beans , snap beans , peas , okra , squash , boiled potatoes , corn on the cob , and always hot corn bread .
i was sitting at a long table , choking down the usual rubber chicken and cold peas and shooting the bull with the mayor and a state farm agent .
they sat the four of us in one corner along with our leader , professor smoot , and examined us closely as we picked at neoprene chicken and icy peas .
forty - four seth duncan had his right hand flat on the doctor 's dining table , with a bag of peas from the freezer laid over it .
he got up , leaving the bag of peas on the table , a little meltwater beading on the wax .
so that leaves sweet potatoes , peas , rolls , and cranberry sauce .
` ` i can get rolls and the peas , '' robin offered helpfully .
robin would bring the english peas , which just required heating with some butter , and the rolls , which only had to brown - so nothing to do on that front .
we got that all settled , then sat in the small formal living room after i 'd put the peas on .
using the tip of a scalpel , he pointed to one of the larger nodules , about the size of a pea .
that 's our future , sweet pea . ''
this guy was listed first and his name was ken gage and he was in here because he 'd attacked a stranger in the aisle of a corner grocery store , beat the victim on the head with a can of peas , all the time say ing , in a very subdued voice , ` ` stop reading my mail . ''
, they were in a kitchen and the coats were on hooks and teddy 's father took his old pea coat and shrugged his arms into it and then helped dolores with hers and he said to teddy , ` ` you know what i 'd like for christmas ? ''
the clothes helene mccready had laid out for her daughter - a pink t - shirt , denim shorts , pink socks , and white sneakers - were gone , as was amanda 's favorite doll , a blond - haired replica of a three - year - old that bore an eerie resemblance to its owner , and whom amanda had named pea .
she wore earmuffs and a hooded pink down coat and about four layers of underclothing , including thermal leggings - so much clothing the little body wrapped inside felt like a snap pea in its pod .
he glanced back to lucian to see he 'd set aside the bun and was now chasing peas around his plate , stabbing at the little green succulents with his fork .
lucian gave up stabbing the peas and instead scraped them across the plate into the mashed potatoes .
judging by his expression and murmur of pleasure , he really seemed to be enjoying the food , which was kind of depressing since the smell was n't even tempting armand , and really the food looked like slop to him ; brown meat , white potatoes with a brown sauce , and ugly green peas .
he said dryly , scooping up potatoes and peas together onto his fork .
i stopped in here to check on things after closing and found the floor carpeted in a sea of pea green rather than the shade i had chosen .
it looked like chicken , rice , peas , and other vegetables .
his stomach had to be the size of a pea after centuries without solid food in it , and truth to tell , he was already past full himself , but he just could n't seem to get enough of the tasty fare .
my sister had repainted the atrocious living room so it no longer resembled split pea soup .
` ` you might be the hottest man in the village , but your brain is about the size of a pea , '' she muttered under her breath .
he looks thankful and takes a bite of his peas .
it was late afternoon by the time mary - lynnettewalked into the briar creek general store , which sold everything from nails to nylons to canned peas .
working with a vampire - living or not - had scared the peas out of me until i found out she was n't a practicing vamp and had sworn off blood .
the small pyramid of splat balls neatly stacked by the back door had shocked the peas out of me .
finally jenks left , looking like he was going to murder a pea pod .
the gloves were magenta and the hat pea green .
` ` what 's the matter , sweet pea ? ''
you and rhoan are two peas in a pod - and you were both born for this type of work . ''
` ` no - o - o - o , '' i hedged , not wanting to tell her piscary scared the peas out of me , set my demon scar tingling , and was my roommate 's uncle , for lack of a better word .
` ` oh , my darling pea blossom , your professor might enjoy it a little too much .
jameson pushed the dining cart in from the kitchen and served us a nice dinner of rare filets ( medium well for me ) , twice - baked potatoes , and peas .
` ` you were only supposed to be gone until the maxwell feud was over , '' she said , pushing her peas around with her fork .
grabbing his dark wool pea coat from the hook near the door , he stepped into the hallway outside his private quarters in the darkhaven .
he pocketed the keys and got out , discreetly unbuttoning his pea coat as he stood .
under the fall of his dark wool pea coat , chase flipped off the beretta 's safety , slid the weapon out of the holster .
` ` of course , we always had pea soup . ''
when he took form again , pea gravel crunched under his shitkickers as his weight became real and a brisk breeze hit him square in the face .
dematerializing , she took form in front of the brotherhood mansion and crossed the pea gravel to the basilica - size steps .
maybe stretch him flat on the pea gravel by the fountain and run him over with the hummer a couple of times .
` ` two peas in a pod are we , indeed . ''
three years ago it was abominable to grow root crops on ground which had grown grain or peas . ''
her blood was warm and fragrant and tasted like sweet peas and honeysuckle , exactly like she smelled .
having noted lord maccon 's fondness for poultry , the loontwill cook provided woodcock pie , roast pheasant in butter sauce with peas and celery , and a brace of grouse .
she supposed after five years with nothing in it , her stomach had shrunk to the size of a pea and she 'd stretched it out with the cookies .
jameson asked , spooning out steaming - hot buttered peas .
every time i talk to him i want to tell him he has a pea factory grow- ing out of his nostrils . ` `
kaitlyn had a sense of being rattled around like a pea in a tin can .
one slightly flustered maiden aunt , worried that the peas will be mushy and the rolls burnt , one comfortable uncle - to - be , one golden - haired teenage niece and her tow - headed baby sister .
` ` well , easy peas .
` ` my darling sweet pea , had i known that if we simply let her run a little distance she would work herself out , i would have let her gallivant about at will . ''
two peas in a very sparkly pod .
he was wearing pea green and salmon this evening , a pleasant swirl of spring colors to counteract the gray weather they 'd been experiencing of late .
andre was presently pressing a bag of frozen peas to his right eye and alternately smoking .
i suspected the cigarette might be accelerating the rate at which the bag of peas was melting , but decided to keep my hypothesis to myself .
he studied with his free eye ; the other being , of course , hidden behind a melting bag of green giant peas .
he lowered the bag of peas .
he returned the peas to his swollen eye and sat back a little in his chair .
he did , hesitantly , setting aside the peas .
i released his hands and he sat back with the bag of peas .
` ` did you come to eat with us and throw peas at the parrot ? ''
with her dark brown hair and similar height , jenny and mom are two peas in a pod .
before i slide myself under my sheets , i grab a bag of peas from the freezer downstairs .
` ` two peas , you and me , as snug as bugs in a rug , '' he said , quoting one of her favorite sayings from his childhood .
` ` because there 's a severed finger with my green peas , sam .
finger - painting with the moldy peas they served for lunch .
after the asylum 's moldy peas and pureed carrots , the stale , crumbly strawberry shortcake tasted like heaven .
` ` i ' ve been pushing peas around a plastic plate for the better part of a week .
tiny little stones that felt like smooth peas muttering against my skin .
catalina handed the menus over to me , grabbed her black wool pea coat off the stand in the corner , and headed out the front door .
a matching green pea coat completed the stylish ensemble , along with a pair of black stiletto boots .
it bounced from doolittle like dry peas from a hard wall .
` ` peas , '' he said with disgust .
` ` why the hell do they always put peas in it ? ''
he used his spoon to pick out the peas with great care , depositing them into the trash .
he slid the spoon under the paper flaps of the other small paper box , forced them open , and proceeded to pick out the peas .
bright square packages of frozen pizza , bags of corn , peas , and normandy mix .
lead was magically inert : magic bounced off it like dry peas from a wall .
my attempt to explain that my head had cleared and i did n't need extra attention , and definitely not the extra blood , bounced from doolittle like dried peas from the wall .
` ` a pea , your majesty . ''
i even went the extra step of piling several bags of ice and a couple dozen boxes of frozen peas on top of her , to further hide the body .
i absolutely hated peas , and i never , ever served them in the restaurant , but i kept the boxes around for just these sorts of occasions .
because , really , who would ever want to see what was underneath piles of frozen peas ?
she 's in the freezer with the peas . ''
after she got rid of the body , i 'd have to defrost the freezer and scrub all of the bloodstains and smears out of it , as well as order some more frozen peas .
he mistakenly thought something else was in there besides blood , ice , and frozen peas .
he pointed to the freezers that lined the walls , including the one in the very back - where my skillet - wielding attacker 's body was currently resting in peas .
just some frozen peas . ''
the one with all the frozen peas in it - and the body .
then i opened the freezer and started tossing out the boxes of frozen peas and bags of ice inside until i had uncovered the maid 's body .
my gaze fell to the floor and all those disgusting boxes of frozen peas .
i did n't have a barrel , but in this case i had something better - frozen peas .
` ` only you would think of using boxes of frozen peas to survive a fire .
but the dwarf realized what the reporter was up to and dyed her hair a lovely shade of pea green .
` ` frozen peas , '' i quipped .
` ` no way , '' pearl hissed , cleaning the peas smashed on the floor from the five - year - olds ' dinner .
` ` okay , sweet pea , here we go .
munching on a slice of bread smothered in butter and honey , she wondered if he ever missed real food - meat and potatoes , fresh peas and corn , hamburgers and hot dogs , potato salad , freshly baked bread warm from the oven , cakes and cookies , pie and ice cream , grapes and strawberries , malts and sodas and all the other good things to eat and drink that she took for granted .
she ordered a small steak with mashed potatoes and peas , savoring the experience of making a choice .
taking strength from the pearls , cassie grabbed her pea coat from her bed and draped it over her arm .
her mouth had dried ; she felt it shrivel like a pea in the sun .
the braids were tied with delicate gold chains , and from each one hung a pearl the size of a pea .
he flipped down his nvd and the interior of the plane went pea - soup green .
` ` call him in the morning , '' ashe 's mother nodded toward the peas still on his plate .
cori pushed peas around her tray with a fork .
` ` he was old and this is his time - he had no power , '' redbird said callously , dipping peas onto her plate .
the main course was served with mashed potatoes , gravy and tiny peas .
winkler got his chicken - fry , plus mashed potatoes and gravy , baby peas and texas toast .
but the round green things that look like peas are larger and chewier than any peas i ' ve ever had .
but the round green things that look like peas are larger and chewier than any peas i ' ve ever had .
it has a big keep out sign plastered on it over a bunch of weird bumper stickers that say things like visualize whirled peas and kiss me .
i think this batch has a few peas and maybe some crumbled - up biscuit in it .
graham steals a snow pea from cara 's bowl , and without missing a beat , her chopsticks snatch a broccoli floret from his .
' basically , your tits are on injured reserve , ' she said , and we laughed hysterically as kathryn just shook her head at us and brought me two new bags of frozen peas .
' i will never be able to look at peas the same way , ' she observed , pressing the cold bags to my chest and carrying the thawed , squishy bags to the trash .
i think there 's some peas in this batch .
` ` we are northbound for boston , carrying passengers and a cargo of sponges and goober peas .
you in the black eyed peas now ? ''
after waiting until everyone was served , i helped myself to the chicken , peas and potatoes .
` ` they 're like peas and carrots . ''
realizing this caused that very fear to skyrocket , bringing along a nice little dose of anxiety , and it figured that , since fear and apprehension were like two peas in a messed - up pod , it made sense that if i felt one , i 'd feel the other .
olivia pushed the peas around on her plate with her fork .
` ` peas are gross , '' gabe said .
` ` peas are not gross , olivia .
he had n't even looked up when olivia knocked over her glass of milk when i tried to get her to not throw her peas .
` ` peas ! ''
i wanted to throw my peas at her .
i look back and see the usually quiet betsey sitting at the long table , shelling peas into a big wooden bowl on the floor between her feet .
i finish off my last dough ball and dust my hands and go help betsey with the peas .
i let her be silent for a while and then i pop a few raw peas into my mouth and savor their earthy flavor and say , ` ` so ? ''
she snuffles back tears and savages a few helpless pea pods .
alex 's brows wrinkled and she moved her fork around in her peas .
` ` if i could move my hands to throw something at you , '' i say , ` ` you 'd so be packing a black eye with a bag of frozen peas . ''
i mean , there was the beauty pageant answer of world peace , although i 'd probably have to render it in the beauty pageant spelling of world peas .
but as hana pulls up , arms pumping , and nearly passes me , i put my head down and lunge forward , cycling my legs as fast as i can , trying to suck air into my lungs , which feel like they ' ve shrunk to the size of a pea , fighting the screaming in my muscles .
when i was little , i would n't even eat my peas if they were touching my chicken ; i used to make neat compartments on my plate .
the beat of the black - eyed peas began to wind down as the mix of the next song seeped into it , and avery opened her eyes in disappointment as paul weller 's you do something to me came on .
you 'd be fine spoon - feeding him mashed peas as long as the two of you were together ? ''
my hands were in my pea coat pockets and i was sort of holding the stupid hard - on to my abdomen like a loaded and cocked catapult .
her eyes got wide for a second - like she was really excited that i asked her to do that - but then her eyes shrunk into little black peas , and she said , ` ` do n't make fun of me , okay ? ''
come on , sweet pea .
the sky was a flat pea green and made my skin look pallid and sickly .
i forced myself to take that giant step through the last mirror , to find myself facing a pea green sky and an endless salt flat .
` ` the princess and the pea ? ''
` ` i do n't see any peas around here , so i ' m improvising .
now i get why you and mia are such peas in a pod .
` ` oh , sweet pea , you 're killing me .
` ` hi , '' i say when mom leads them to my table and places my favorite dinner in front of me : a french dip , split pea soup , and a side of fries with gravy .
there was other stuff , too : tomatoes , lettuce , peas , a lot more that thomas did n't recognize .
it was too large for a pea .
` ` and some fresh peas and carrots . ''
sir henry introduced him to von helrung , and ever since the two have been as thick as two peas in a pod . ''
never before i had seen so much gathered in one place - smoked salmon and raw oysters , chicken gumbo and sweet pea puree , soft - shelled crab and broiled bluefish , stuffed shoulder of lamb and braised beef with noodles , broiled quail and blue - winged teal duck served in a sauce espagnole , mushrooms on toast and pigeon with peas , stuffed eggplant , stewed tomatoes , parsnip cakes sauteed in butter , hash brown potatoes baked in cream ... ...
never before i had seen so much gathered in one place - smoked salmon and raw oysters , chicken gumbo and sweet pea puree , soft - shelled crab and broiled bluefish , stuffed shoulder of lamb and braised beef with noodles , broiled quail and blue - winged teal duck served in a sauce espagnole , mushrooms on toast and pigeon with peas , stuffed eggplant , stewed tomatoes , parsnip cakes sauteed in butter , hash brown potatoes baked in cream ... ...
they were like two peas in a pod .
i imagined her life as a fairy tale ; the worst thing that could possibly happen would be a pea under her mattress keeping her up at night .
they were mostly of bands : m.i.a . , black eyed peas , gwen stefani in a cheerleading uniform .
aria slithered out of her pea coat .
when hanna 's parents were still married , she and her father had been two peas in a pod , but after isabel and kate came along , hanna was suddenly as obsolete as shoulder pads .
the walls were pea green .
then amelia turned her beady little pea eyes on spencer .
visualize whirled peas .
ali straightened up , recognizing the familiar planned parenthood and visualize whirled peas stickers on the subaru 's bumper .
they were two peas in a typical rosewood pod .
her cell phone 's default ringtone was ` ` my humps '' by black eyed peas ; did wren see it as ironic , as she did , or simply adolescent ?
in addition to loading on stores - the usual flour , salt pork , dried peas , crates of chickens , oatmeal , dry soup , and rum - we added a carefully packed cargo of fine wedgwood china .
after that i do a few anglo american fiddle tunes- '' billy in the low ground , '' then ` ` rabbit in the pea patch , '' and then i have a trembling joannie come up and together we do a medley of ` ` sail away ladies '' and ` ` old molly hare . ''
she arranges herself on a chair with a big bowl and commences shelling peas .
joannie , get us a bucket of fresh water , and then sit down and help me with these peas .
he threw a pea from his dinner plate at me but said nothing more about it .
` ` nick and i think it 's a good thing you have the gene instead of charlotte , even if aunt glenda says you have a pea - sized brain and two left feet .
the passages were all as like as two peas .
he was talking to himself , twisting and turning in bed -- everything short of spinning his head around and vomiting pea soup .
two peas in a pod they were , haydyn told me .
` ` we were like two peas in a pod .
` ` do n't be so terse , eden , '' he smiled mischievously at me , unbuttoning his black pea coat at the collar and loosening his scarf .
his eyes did not leave mine , not even when he lifted his wrist to his mouth and spoke quickly into the cuff of his navy blue pea coat .
` ` i do n't like peas , '' she whispered to kiran , pretending like she did n't want to offend amelia .
she did like peas .
` ` uh , i do n't like canned peas , '' she adjusted her lie .
does anybody like canned peas ? ''
` ` we should talk , sweet pea . ''
` ` sure , sweet pea , '' he kissed the top of my head and then straightened .
` ` that 's good , sweat pea , '' my dad smiled at me , genuinely this time .
` ` take the car to sweet pea 's , cory , '' she called from the passenger door .
` ` they 'll fix it up at sweet pea 's .
magda 's at sweet pea 's .
but on her tray was a brownish mound of shredded iceberg lettuce , a scoop of gummy black - eyed peas , and a healthy squirt of hot sauce .
she moved some peas around with her fork .
the food was less alien than i 'd expected , the kind of food we 'd eaten on feast days at keramzin : sweet pea porridge , quail roasted in honey , and fresh figs .
mal helped me to my quarters , made me eat a few bites of sweet pea porridge , and brought me a pitcher of fresh water to fill the basin .
it 's the colour of the sun , and your eyes , well they are the colour of sugar snap peas . ''
inside the gym , the dj put on a song by the black eyed peas .
` ` well are n't we just two peas in a pod ? ''
` ` no , it does n't , sweet pea .
it 's pretty good burgoo , i must say - oatmeal mush with peas and some pieces of meat , and a nice biscuit , besides .
isabella sits next to him with her head leaning against his leg , shelling peas for tonight 's burgoo .
when , i walked into the barn , josh was brushing sweet pea , the new mare i bought last week .
` ` sweet pea could use some exercise . ''
josh grabbed a bridle and put it on sweet pea , and then jumped up on her .
josh stopped sweet pea while i ran over to my truck and opened the door to the backseat .
i watched josh gallop off on sweet pea .
` ` nope , he took off bareback on sweet pea when i explained what lynda said about them getting married . ''
i jumped off sweet pea and decided to just let her roam .
she 'd been riding star and sweet pea bareback for weeks , and she seemed to be in heaven now that she could ride again .
like two peas in a pod you two . ''
' like peas out of a poddle , ' the bfg said .
he was eating doughnuts now , popping them into his mouth ten at a time , like peas .
a thick vegetable soup , then roast chicken and new potatoes with frozen peas .
the tie knot had tightened to pea size ; the lining of the tie was dangling damply outside of it .
we picked some pea pods , opened them and ate the peas inside .
we picked some pea pods , opened them and ate the peas inside .
a huge , golden - brown roasted chicken , fried potatoes , tiny green peas .
i pushed my peas around my plate with the prongs of my fork .
she shot a look to her muscle , a hulk of a lug everyone called pea , but he were already on his way .
the other two men grabbed lena and pea as she screamed at them .
when we finally left , addison looked as lonely as the last pea at pea - time .
when we finally left , addison looked as lonely as the last pea at pea - time .
tiny bubbles floated free , no larger than peas .
along with canned peas and white bread with butter , it was pretty much the saddest feast anyone ever tried to eat .
` ` i think housekeeping collected all the peas last night . ''
we stuffed ourselves with black - eyed peas and collards and sweet potatoes like candy .
there were peas on my plate .
i did n't eat peas .
in the backyard was an ambitious vegetable garden where seven impeccable rows flourished- textbook tomatoes , peas , beans , and carrots .
he held out my black pea coat for me .
i pulled my pea coat tighter around me , trying to get warm .
a gnarled apple tree hung heavy boughs over a bench where a human lass sat shelling peas , and a dozen hens scratched in a sunny dooryard where another lass tossed out handfuls of grain .
the spot on my mom 's temple was the size of a pea when she found it , and six months later she was dead .
although he was probably no taller than she , his head was four times the size of hers and incredibly wrinkled , like an enormous , shriveled pea .
` ` nothing but dullness and drudgery , and homework and fighting , and mashed peas and people who wo n't give you what you want .
` ` of course she is , sweet pea . ''
they were peas in a pod , those two , both the same .
then i had whatever it was as deep fried fritters in a spicy and garlicky sauce , accompanied by peas and rice then plantain bananas , coming up every now and then for a breath and a quick chat .
harley they both screamed , but harley was already sound asleep against the wall bars , and both then realised that something was not quite going according to plan as they both looked down the wrong ends of seven assorted weapons of personal destruction , and one ten cent pea shooter , which quietly went pufft .
damned why ca n't things go right once in a while , what the hell was i doing down here anyway , pussy footing around on a quasi research ship with a pea shooter gun and a bunch of scientists pretending to do research .
xx 9:50 pm i stood outside the circle of tents and waited for the music to stop , but the banjo player possessed a seemingly endless repertoire of songs like , when johnny comes marching home again , goober peas and the battle hymn of the republic .
spinach , kale , broccoli , peas , green beansa whole assortment of health in dozens of geri pak portions .
the peas , broccoli and green beans would be easyopen and sort .
a moist little yellow piece about the size of a pea landed by the edge of my plate , and i flicked it back .
i thought i heard footsteps crunching the pea stones .
every third step he heard a slight scrape of a boot heel dislodging the surrounding pea stones .
it was now a greenish pea soup , breaking up only occasionally to allow them brief glimpses of the stars overhead , and the shining beacon of the reisenhower comet sailing low on the horizon .
more butter on the potato , until it ran in hot yellow streams around the plate , more peas tucked into the mash i was stirring up inside those salted potato skins , more carefully carved salmon , a top - off on my wine glass , and not one swallow of anything making it to my mouth .
at the request of jacinto , zappa had been replaced by the black - eyed peas , and the pilot joined them after shutting down the aircraft .
all were dressed exactly alike allowing clems chauffeurs uniform to blend in like a pea in a pod .
beans , squash , peas , corn , potatoes , tomatoes and two rows of sunflowers . ''
they were small , not much larger than peas , but it took several tries to get one in his mouth .
i began a rendition of the old confederate army song , goober peas .
wait until hazel finds out at school , she s going to be pea green with envy .
mini paella with salad and bread , mini honazo , which is like a pie , mini cocido madrileo , which is a stew with chick peas , potato and meat , and patatas bravas , which is a fried potato dish served with a spicy tomato sauce .
right , time to search for a temple that could be the size of a pea , on this giant island .
other works by l. j. martin in print and ebook shadow of the mast tenkiller mojave showdown el lazo against the 7th flag the devils bounty the benicia belle shadow of the grizzly rush to destiny windfall condor canyon blood mountain stranahan mckeags mountain mccreeds law orourkes revenge wolf mountain nemesis venomous ( fourplay ) sounding drum ( last stand ) from the pea patch write compelling fiction killing cancer internet rich ( with mike bray ) against the grain tin angel ( with kat martin ) crimson hit ( with bob burton ) bullet blues ( with bob burton ) quiet ops ( with bob burton ) myrtle mae ( cartoons ) cooking wild & wonderful mr . pettigrew unchained short story collection & more slopes of the sierra ( short stories ) who 's the boss ?
his five non - fiction books include : killing cancer , he 's a two - time cancer survivor , write compelling fiction , an instructional work for aspiring authors , myrtle mae & the crew , a book of cartoons , from the pea patch , a conservative political series of essays , and cooking wild & wonderful , a cookbook with story content .
other works by l. j. martin in print and ebook available in print and ebook shadow of the mast tenkiller mojave showdown el lazo against the 7th flag the devils bounty the benicia belle shadow of the grizzly rush to destiny windfall condor canyon blood mountain stranahan mckeags mountain mccreeds law orourkes revenge wolf mountain nemesis venomous ( fourplay ) sounding drum ( last stand ) from the pea patch write compelling fiction killing cancer internet rich ( with mike bray ) against the grain tin angel ( with kat martin ) crimson hit ( with bob burton ) bullet blues ( with bob burton ) quiet ops ( with bob burton ) myrtle mae ( cartoons ) cooking wild & wonderful mr . pettigrew unchained short story collection & more slopes of the sierra ( short stories ) who 's the boss ?
not only do you serve extraordinarily small quantities of food at an exorbitant price but you have customers whore already prepared to pay outrageous sums for the tidbits of ort which would need to sustain them until they could sneak away from their significant other in the middle of the night to hit up whichever fast food restaurant was in a three mile area so they could satisfy their bewildered stomachs which had been expecting something larger than a grasshopper and two peas for the price of a used mini - van .
she picked up a gold rock about the size of a pea .
i ve put in carrots , potatoes , peppers , peas and mild onions and cooked it since this morning so all the flavors are mixed properly .
he gave her a pea size orb of magic that changed colors so that her attention did nt naturally stray .
he focused as he wanted an explosive charge to the projectile and a pea size red orb attached itself to the tip and absorbed his magic .
once her head shrunk to the size of a pea .
principal olanski gave the pan to superintendent hicks and stood to slip out of his pea coat .
slices of glistening ham and turkey , pillowy mounds of mashed potatoes with gravy dribbling through their contours , rice and peas , macaroni and cheese , green beans , plantain and bacon dressing , and a roll topped with a sliver of butter .
two people perfectly matched , fitting next to each other like two peas in whatever pod they found themselves .
they had beef stew with carrots , peas , turnips , potatoes , parsnips and big chunks of good beef , slices of sweet bread and all the milk he could drink .
are you going to tell me what is going on in that pea brain of yours , or am i going to have to drag it out via your testicles ?
h ellen pea at the power company had contacted the stw office requesting the runty rudo accompany their representative , ms ripley weaver , aka dr death , on an expedition to the big band to investigate the theories of erik von fritz , publisher of the iron claw of destiny newsletter , as to the extraterrestrial origins of life on texas .
earlier that day , at the power company , h ellen pea , the girl with jet - black hair and a black heart to match , had met with ripley and erik .
she was far taller than h ellen pea , yet she felt like a child in her presence .
still h ellen pea remained skeptical .
mysterious or not , the runt was a friend of h ellen pea , and there was no way ripley was going to let her take credit for what they discovered .
unfortunately erik and ripley had but one lifetime , and of that lifetime h ellen pea was giving them only six weeks to get the job done .
h ellen pea , on the other end , spoke of justifying the expenditure to the finance committee and again questioned the necessity of a historian on the payroll .
the alto mando had been on the hunt for two weeks before his location was verified , they had worked the streets and developed actionable intel that de la pea was holed up on a ranchero in the outskirts of nuevo laredo .
anyhow , i figure that if they do come out this far , you can shoot them with your 22 - caliber pea shooter , jack chuckled .
savage , you may someday be glad i brought my pea shooter .
` ` from this end of that pea shooter , you can look like anything you choose to . ''
matthew , however , could n't care less as he sized up the heavily - burdened plate before him : fried catfish , cornbread , peas , and fried potatoes .
bax said over a forkful of peas .
bax almost spit his peas out .
` ` if you are n't two peas in a pod .
for a vegetable , there were canned peas which brad could see were bigger than double ought buckshot and were sure to be almost as hard .
and then , just a minute later , she was like black eyed peas and rihanna or like james bonds martini : shaken , not stirred .
black eyed peas and other pop and dance stars were singing from the boxes and the dance floor was living its own rhythm .
her heart was beating like boom , boom , boom , in a rhythm of a jumpy , dynamic black eyed peas or kevin rudolf song .
h ellen pea , the companys black - hearted trouble - shooter , once gave him a tour of the facility and they were all over the place .
shed proven the town was under control of a renegade power company scientist , so all they had to do was tell h ellen pea , the pcs ace troubleshooter , about the situation .
you re not as clever as you think , else you d recognize this smelly gunk - faced fellow with dark hair and blue eyes as a licensed state hero sent by your boss , h ellen pea .
the power company did monitor its cybernetic suits , so h ellen pea was sure investigate its arrival ( and destruction ) at the coliseum and backtrack it to sludges sewer site .
when h ellen pea gave j his power company tour in the who razed you ?
homburg well , well , h ellen pea well - welled .
h ellen pea nodded absently , ill speak to the governor , continuing to stare in josies direction .
a huge man , dressed in dark trousers and a heavy pea jacket and greasy officers cap , dominated the afterdeck .
as he moved closer , kobi could see that the man had a concealed pistol under his pea jacket .
he tucks the remainder of his worn pea coat around cass before hoisting him over his shoulder .
hank assumed that he could see or hear something , though hank could nt tell what it might be in this pea soup of a fog .
with every newcomer mouth - watering aromas drifted out the doorsweet hams , fried chicken , young buttered peas , all sorts of pies and cakes .
and peas .
we can plant rye , oats , rice , peas , herbs , and berries ... her ideas were spilling out , a whole winter full of thinking suddenly released .
he found mary shelling peas at the table where they had dinner the night before .
taking another pod , she cracked it open and emptied the peas into a bowl already half filled .
returning to her peas she smiled at the compliment .
finishing the last of the breakfast and feeling very satisfied , he sat back and watched her extract peas from the next couple of pods .
placing it before him , she divided the pile of peas .
spying james shelling peas with her mother , she sat in the chair next to him .
taking another pod he split it open , deposited the peas into his bowl , then reached for another .
he then tickled blossoms exposed pea green ribs .
below them were mashed potatoes , peas , carrots , fried okra , and many other home cooked items ; sealed in water tight containers , waiting to be warmed up .
sitting outside with a plate of fried chicken , collard greens , rice smothered with black eyed peas , fried squash , macaroni and cheese , with a big portion of homemade banana pudding for desertthats living !
the exception was bobby pea , who was new in following the entourage and was merely watching everyone around him and coming to conclusions .
bobby pea 's eyes studied camacho .
as bobby pea listened , he winced at camacho 's rhetorical political speech .
the voice identified itself as bobby pea .
` ` you 're the roberto pea i talked to on the phone . ''
bobby pea came to his mind , and he wished for him to find a way into the factory and guide the people to revolt against this treatment .
the chicano , anxious to get back to his paperwork , handed it to a secretary who rushed it to bobby pea .
bobby pea led the chanting across the street .
bobby pea kept his people marching and chanting .
you are , sweet pea .
he was so hungry it would nt have mattered if supper were peas porridge .
you and i are obviously two peas in a pod .
like two peas in a pod .
beans , peas , squash , onions , berries , nuts , cabbages , yams , wheat , oats , peanuts , okra , black - eyed peas , tomatoes , rice , oranges , melons , chocolate , southern women were the great gardeners , hunters , fishers , and cookers that survived the civil war and the great depression up until now , laughs with the beaus .
beans , peas , squash , onions , berries , nuts , cabbages , yams , wheat , oats , peanuts , okra , black - eyed peas , tomatoes , rice , oranges , melons , chocolate , southern women were the great gardeners , hunters , fishers , and cookers that survived the civil war and the great depression up until now , laughs with the beaus .
its your lucky day , sweet pea .
even with his zoom fully extended , the bear was still the size of a pea , but it was wild , and a grizzly , and that was special .
soon after artichoke , son of oberjean and sweet pea was delivered to us .
marantes nose instantly turned green and shrank to pea size .
the cars tires crunched as it rolled across the pea gravel driveway to park in a small lot marked for visitors .
there were about hundred buddhist lepcha families in the village , most of whom were peasants and they used to grow all sorts of vegetables , cabbages , cauliflowers , beans , beets , gourds , cucumbers , peas , radishes , red potatoes , carrots etc .
corn , potatoes , green peas , gravy and pie . ''
with that , returns to the kitchen and brings out a big tray with a platter of sliced meatloaf , a great bowl of mashed potatoes , another of peas and carrots and a pitcher of gravy .
turnips , carrots , peas , and all sorts of other vegetables grew in orderly rows behind the cottage .
my only weapon here was a rolled - up piece of paper suited to not much more than shooting peas .
lydia said i had a can of peas in my hand , and she was sure i was going to bean candace in the head with them .
and believe me , if you could have known tiny way back when ... she was a real sweet pea .
that night , she was a sweet pea .
his sweet pea .
the sun highlighted bright colors painted on the petals of every flower imaginable -- roses , daisies , blue bells , sunflowers , sweet peas , and so many that echo could nt even name .
there was the yellow of wheat , the green of peas and barley .
` ` oh , '' she extended her hand , ` ` my name 's h ellen pea .
h ellen pea returned from checking the progress of the rescue effort to find the gaunt - faced grappler gone , vanished like the early morning mist .
` ` in our top story tonight , h ellen pea of the power company has interceded with the bishop of austin to grant a special dispensation allowing the gaunt - faced grappler to become a licensed state wrestler before completing his famous wrestlers correspondence course . ''
the black widow j found h ellen pea in the clubhouse .
h ellen pea nodded .
h ellen pea asked , after the authorities showed up .
h ellen pea smiled back .
h ellen pea sighed .
once inside , j met h ellen pea , the girl with jet - black hair and a black heart to match , who gave him a tour of the facility .
further discussion of the sumo theologica was interrupted by h ellen pea 's arrival .
h ellen pea shook her head .
no more than the size of a pea .
i thought of the shell - game hucksters in the marketplace , swiftly shifting shells from hand to hand , daring passersby to risk a coin or two on where a pea was hidden .
the chicken , buttered corn and peas , roll , and the little dish of pudding went untouched until they had grown cold .
it was possible to create an orb the size of a pea that represented nearly half my complete reserve of spirit .
` ` you want some cornbread ; some sugar ; some lemonade , and some black - eyed peas . ''
also , a side of peas , and mashed potatoes .
maybe that 's because all the trees are the same , pea - brain - piss - weed !
this huge wagon was already loaded with provisions - sacks of flour , bags of sugar , bottles of olive oil , dried fish , smoked fish , dried beef , dried apples , dried figs , dried apricots , many cans of : tomatoes , pears , peas , soup ; bags of rice and potatoes ; salt , bourbon , chocolate , canned mangos , no end of cans of condensed milk etc . , etc .
the food was good , still faintly warm , a slice of fatty roast pork and spicy mashed potatoes and peas , and even a biscuit with butter and honey .
a variety of other dishes had been whipped up by supportive townsfolk : scalloped potatoes in butter , peas and carrots roasted with herbs , a salty beef stew , a soup of roots , fresh greens with little plump tomatoes , and more besides .
making a joke and being funny are two entirely different things , sweet pea .
their pleasant scent was like lilacs and violets and sweet peas all rolled together into one .
maybe were two perverted peas in a pod , sister !
his frank and peas were out there for all to see .
i hate you more than i hate peas , the boy continued .
chapter 8 she may be the last of her kind aiden thought the food at crackys diner was rather good , as he quickly polished off a healthy portion of chicken of catastrophe and scallops of shock , with some peas of dread on the side .
* * * mummy , i want cook - cook peas .
baby julian giggled , adding peas .
mummy , i want cook - cook peas .
the baby giggled , adding peas .
mummy mummy , i want to play bricks peas !
mummy , can i peas have cook - cook ?
it was so close she could almost feel it under the mattress , a pea for the princess to toss and turn over .
the birdman tasted strange , like fresh peas and sour beer .
sy , quit hogging those peas . ''
silas handed sallie the bowl of peas .
up the sides of the cottage climbed tomatoes , grapes and peas to almost cover half of the outer walls .
i did n't mean to shoot a pea at you .
as he reached a certain point , impassable because of loose pea gravel , he felt himself guided into a crack that suddenly appeared .
suddenly questions started flying through the dirt like peas in a lunchroom food fight .
there were peas that looked black as coal , bits of cheese that were growinggrowing , mind youinto who knew what .
as she removed her food from her lunch bag , the first item she set out on the table was a couscous salad that included dried currants , chopped bell peppers , rinsed and drained canned chick peas , some medium scallions and fresh cilantro .
we need more backup , she said as she threw pea sized and shaped smoke bombs at the villains .
by the time i got home , mom was limping to the pea green station wagon .
he sat next to me , hands thrust into his gray pea coat , cashmere scarf wrapped stylishly around his neck , almost as if he d not noticed anyone else on the bench .
i asked , aware that my army surplus coat had a slight tear in one of the elbows and imagined how i d look in a tailored gray pea coat , scarf around my neck , italian shoes on my feet .
what yeh gon na do , chisel that boulder down to pea size .
well , so much for peas .
big peas .
dried peas , taters , carrots , sausage , bacon , salted pork and other necessities filled their stores .
maynard served himself a bite of creamed taters and peas from his bowl .
the others shared a wry laugh and eyed their companion with both pity and wonder , jace awkwardly studied his peas , uneasy being the focus of such attention .
what she needs is a good spanking , and i fear we have been two peas in a pod far too long for me to do her any good , but maybe her stern , no nonsense brother can make her see sense ?
dark bubbles rose to the surface of the viscous green liquid , like a thick pea soup left within a red hot cauldron .
not just awaking to that near sleepy state swedenborg so favored , no , it was like he knew that he would never be awake as he had always before wakenedturning to her and feeling both that oneness and that separateness which he had always felt ... waking to image himselfthough he really did nt like the image it came ... hammered itself to himof being spentlike a nut shell or an empty bullet casing : spentshe there with something of him inside her ... seeing himself like the pea inside the pod : himself lost inside herthis type of waking was not his today .
after calling me dear and sweet pea several times to make me feel better , the kind woman advised me to run all i can while i m young and able - bodied .
we are two , tiny sprites in direct comparison bend down here , so you can hear me , my little sweet pea , my g - mom ordered and the mass obeyed .
lets go with bowling ball size coconuts , but a brain the size of a pea jarron offered and laughed .
you were wearing a navy blue pea coat .
the light shrank until it was the size of a pea .
with his pea - shaped mustache , the place owner approaches and asks the postman : postar , hey !
there is chicken , carrots and peas , bread , and berries .
the rain pattered continually against the side of the plane : he imagined small children tossing down dried peas by the handful from the skies .
shadow felt like a pea being flicked between three cups , or a card being shuffled through a deck .
it was may , and she took her chair out into the kitchen garden to pick peas and to shuck them in the sunlight , for even in the lush heat of virginia the cold had entered her bones as the frost had entered her hair , and a little warmth was a fine thing .
as the widow richardson shucked the peas with her old hands , she got to thinking about how fine it would be to walk once more on the moors and the salty cliffs of her native cornwall , and she thought of sitting on the shingle as a little girl , waiting for her father 's ship to return from the gray seas .
her hands , blue - knuckled and clumsy , opened the pea pods , forced the full peas into an earthenware bowl , and dropped the empty pea pods onto her aproned lap .
her hands , blue - knuckled and clumsy , opened the pea pods , forced the full peas into an earthenware bowl , and dropped the empty pea pods onto her aproned lap .
the old woman steadied the bowl of peas upon her lap .
she was still warm when they found her , although the life had fled her body and only half the peas were shelled .
there was a table on the other side of the room laden high with coleslaw and beans and cornmeal hush puppies and chicken and ribs and black - eyed peas , and by midafternoon the house was filled with people weeping and laughing and shaking hands with the minister , everything being quietly organized and overseen by the sober - suited messrs . jacquel and ibis .
shadow picked cheerlessly at the dry turkey , jam - sweet red lumps of cranberry sauce , tough - as - wood roasted potatoes , and violently green canned peas .
lives are snowflakes - forming patterns we have seen before , as like one another as peas in a pod ( and have you ever looked at peas in a pod ?
lives are snowflakes - forming patterns we have seen before , as like one another as peas in a pod ( and have you ever looked at peas in a pod ?
she had been expecting something much smaller , something the size of the little greenhouse out behind st . xavier 's , where the ap biology students cloned pea pods , or whatever it was they did .
` ` i can make anything you 'd know to order , sweet pea . ''
laurence rather suspected another two courses had been intended and forgone , though no - one could have complained of the menu so far : fresh - caught roughy in a sauce of lemons and oranges , with fresh peas ; an exceedingly handsome crown roast of lamb ornamented with preserved cherries ; new potatoes in their skins presented alongside veal chops dressed with brown butter ; a whole tunny baked in salt crust , occupying half the table .
` ` i ' m going to rattle around like a pea in a pot , '' grumbled the tortoise .
` ` beans , peas ... you know .
there were soggy raisins and peas in it .
one minute he was dishing up an order of double cod and mushy peas , the next ... ' ' kaboom ? '
' so what you 're tellin ' me , ' said ridcully , eventually , ' is that this rincewind fella has been chased by just about every army in the world , has been bounced around life like a pea on a drum , and probably is the one wizard who knows anything about the agatean empire on account of once being friends with , ' he glanced at his notes , ' ` ` a strange little man in glasses '' who came from there and gave him this funny thing with the legs you all keep alluding to .
no peas for the wicked !
maybe someone said , hey , how 'd you like to hunt this evil bastard of an eagle with his big sharp beak and great ripping talons , sort of thing , or how about instead you hunt this wren , which is basically about the size of a pea and goes ` ` twit '' ?
' remember when modo put some on his peas ?
' weelll , yerss - but they do n't do it properly- ' ' you mean runny ear - wax yellow with peas and currants in , like your mum used to do ? '
as for the rest of it ... in the night people had run into one another , ambushed one another by mistake and were now as jittery as peas on a drum .
' containing yellow curry powder , big lumps of swede , green peas and soggy sultanas the- ' ' -size of eggs ! '
deep - fried peas , that 'd been another triumph .
' they 're not just any mushy peas , ' said fair go , slightly disconcerted by the fact that rincewind was staring wildly at nothing .
' they 're mushed by a champion pea musher . '
' you put pies upside down in runny peas and then put sauce on them .
when was the last time you saw a duck that did n't have peas round it ? '
' how about a nice meat pie upside down in a big bowl of mushy green peas covered with tomato sauce ? '
something flew out of the hole and hit him on the ear , but this was only a minor problem compared to the meat pie , which came out trailing mushy peas and tomato sauce and hit him in the mouth .
' well , it 's just as well to be aware that giving birth is n't like shelling peas , ' said the doctor .
there was , for example , the man with three upturned cups who was inviting a small crowd to explore with him the exciting world of chance and probability as it related to the position of a small dried pea .
he was vaguely aware of a small figure watching him solemnly for a few moments , and then a sackful of peas cascaded out of every cup he picked up .
the bairns are really wee when they 're borned , like little peas in a pod .
worlds all squashed together like peas in a sack , or hidden inside one another like bubbles inside other bubbles .
as alike as two - ' ' - peas , and marco could catch falco blindfolded .
' surely you mean on peas , mr groat ? '
' by peas , sir .
forget peas and mattresses - sheer natural selection had established over the years that the royal families that survived longest were those whose members could distinguish an assassin in the dark by the noise he was clever enough not to make , because , in court circles , there was always someone ready to cut the heir with a knife .
i mean can she feel a pea through a dozen mattresses ? '
he pushed enthusiastically , his biceps standing out on his arms like peas on a pencil .
the best you could say for magrat was that she was decently plain and well - scrubbed and as flat - chested as an ironing board with a couple of peas on it , even if her head was too well stuffed with fancies .
the first one had nearly killed him [ 9 ] , but he 'd persevered and progressed to sand grains , then whole dried peas ; he still did n't dare venture into the kitchens , but he had amused himself by oversalting felmet 's food a pinch at a time until he pulled himself together and told himself that poisoning was n't honourable , even against vermin .
' and some mushy peas would go down a treat . '
` ` sounds a bit like , you know ... magic to me , '' said brother watchtower , in the nervous tone of the man who has spotted which cup the pea is hidden under but does n't like to say .
` ` and then there 's wear and tear on peas , '' he added .
appalling manners , distasteful habits , and brains the size of cooked peas .
two comfortable peas in a pod .
` ` his hand looked like it was stuffed with pea gravel on the x - ray - every bone busted .
i 'd turned the boy 's hand to pea gravel - as mikey had so graphically described - all because he 'd copped a feel .
so did n't that make them two peas in a pod .
clearly , veck heard him , because the guy recoiled , his eyes rolling around like peas in a jar at the prospect of being possessed .
that said , i had brought a light tee and a hip - length yellow pea coat just in case i was ordered to change .
even my yellow pea coat , chosen for its bright and eye - catching properties , was a hazy , grainy grey outline .
' not a dried pea , fred . '
` ` do join us , cap'n , '' gray said , and marsh gladly pulled out a chair and let them pile up fried chicken and cornbread and sweet peas and taters on his plate .
with peas on the side .
` ` you know , earth ... corn , peas , wheat ... breadbasket of the usa ? ''
chicken and chunks of oranges cooked in a creamy sauce laid on a bed of pearly white grain , tiny green peas and onions , rolls shaped like flowers , and for dessert , a pudding the color of honey .
we can grow peas in the garden .
mushroom soup , bitter greens with tomatoes the size of peas , rare roast beef sliced as thin as paper , noodles in a green sauce , cheese that melts on your tongue served with sweet blue grapes .
they sweep me into the dining room and i get a real meal - roast beef and peas and soft rolls - although my portions are still being strictly controlled .
she grabs my hand and pins it flat between her two pea green ones .
but the only time i really feel present is when i purposely knock a dish of peas to the floor and , before anyone can stop me , crouch down to clean them up .
darius is right by me when i send the dish over , and we two are briefly side by side , obscured from view , as we scoop up the peas .
he holds up a glistening , perfect pearl about the size of a pea .
` ` i ' m not threatening , sweet pea . ''
here was onion ... split pea ... the beef - and - noodles combo ... but where the hell was the chicken and rice ?
how much to just say , ` ` i have to quit these peas- , peas are no good for me , i better try corn or beans , '' ` ` a lo ) t , '' he said , wiping at the corners of his eyes again .
they 're as different as peas and apples . '
spencer and blackbourne , two peas in a pod , had both determined that giving mathias an inch would please him .
` ` third point : susan has just found one of our old chessmen - or something as like one of them as two peas . ''
he gunned the engine , rattling the wolves around in the back like peas in a can .
then , before being shown into anna 's study , she had been fed again - roast chicken , mashed potatoes , peas .
her last boyfriend ... his pretty face had failed to compensate for the fact he had the iq of a dead houseplant and the emotional range of a pea .
` ` it 's lovely , '' said lucy , and so it was ; an omelette , piping hot , cold lamb and green peas , a strawberry ice , lemonsquash to drink with the meal and a cup of chocolate to follow .
she was almost ready to leave and her palms began feeling a little moist as she thought about it , but she was running out of time if she wanted to see pea .
` ` oh you know pea , she 's always dramatic .
you know pea would be thrilled to see you . ''
i ' m not in the right frame of mind to see pea anyway .
she could n't remember the last time eliza joined her on a visit to pea .
she enjoyed these visits with pea , even if they were short .
granted , the last thing she wanted was to run into a ` ` damned wolf '' , as her mother and pea always referred to them , but that was only because they were rude , dirty , uneducated creatures .
she preferred sitting , especially since it sometimes took pea a long time to arrive .
spotting a frog , she remembered how much pea hated them and quickly carried it to the base of a tree .
hannah smiled hearing pea 's voice before opening her eyes .
unfortunately it meant she did n't have a lot of time before the sun began to rise and pea had to go back .
` ` come on , pea , '' hannah groaned .
pea laughed , her full figure jiggling just like hannah remembered and she suddenly longed to be held by her and feel pea 's warmth and softness .
` ` i know , pea , '' hannah said swallowing hard .
pushing aside her sadness , she figured she should get to what she wanted to talk to pea about before their time ran out .
` ` pea , '' hannah said hesitantly .
as pea faded a look of concern then anger crossed her features .
` ` pea !
turning towards the area pea stared at as she disappeared , hannah realized it was where she placed the frog .
` ` you heard pea ? ''
it was n't until she was older that her mother and pea taught her how to control it and how to protect herself in case others responded when she summoned .
` ` pea ?
she never stayed up the nights hannah visited pea .
she wanted to speak , to tell him she 'd keep visiting pea no matter what , but his intense gaze made her speechless .
it was n't like her mother to wear the same thing twice in a row , but hannah was sure those were the same sweats she wore when hannah left to visit pea the night before .
she wondered if it had to do with her visits to pea , but she knew what would happen if she asked .
` ` pea would ' ve killed me if i slept on the couch .
how was pea ?
hannah 's mother always changed the subject whenever she was asked why she did n't visit pea .
i mean we ' ve lived here my entire life , i ' ve heard you and pea talk about them so i know they 're around , but i ' ve never seen one . ''
` ` now tell me what pea said . ''
` ` did you see pea last night ?
` ` my mom and pea always warned me about them .
i ' m going to visit pea . ''
she also knew it involved pea somehow .
i need to talk to pea .
looking up at the sky , she had no idea if pea would appear on a night like tonight .
hannah usually visited pea during full moons because that was when she was at her most powerful , not because she could n't summon her other times throughout the month .
as she stood in her circle , she closed her eyes and tried to clear her mind of everything except pea .
oh and look , you have my hair and his- '' mother leeds suddenly faded and was replaced by pea .
you know how you focus on pea in the circle to make her come ? ''
` ` pea would n't lie to me .
` ` pea never liked him .
he had only been gone a couple of weeks , but with pea in my head constantly , i really thought i meant nothing to him . ''
knowing pea was strong willed , it only surprised me a little , but i was very disappointed that she did such a terrible thing .
what pea did not only affected my mother , but me too .
` ` pea believes in some curse going back to the seventeenth century .
` ` i think its bullshit , but you know pea . ''
did pea ever mention her ? ''
there 's only one gravestone here though and i always wondered why that was , but i knew better than to ask pea . ''
i ' m sure you know mother leeds gave birth to the jersey devil , and i suspect that the curse pea told me about has something to do with that .
` ` you never asked pea about her ? ''
plus , i know pea .
the pea she knew and the pea eliza grew up with were two different women .
the pea she knew and the pea eliza grew up with were two different women .
hannah hoped if pea was alive she would n't do anything to prevent caleb and her from being together , but she suspected pea would n't do anything differently .
hannah hoped if pea was alive she would n't do anything to prevent caleb and her from being together , but she suspected pea would n't do anything differently .
hannah remembered going there with her mother and pea when she was a child .
chapter thirteen for the first time since pea died , hannah was n't going to visit her on a full moon .
she missed pea but if she wanted to call on her ancestor , rebekah crane she knew it was going to take every ounce of her energy .
maybe her mom and pea had been right all along .
after unlocking the padlock on the storage shed in the back yard , hannah opened her grandmother 's boxes as she searched for pea 's potion book .
she remembered how pea was so obsessed with wanting the cottage to smell like baked goods , that she created a scent potion .
scanning the ingredient list , hannah recognized the herbs from being in pea 's garden .
busy enjoying life in the present , she had n't even gone to the clearing to speak with pea or rebekah .
` ` no , i feel like pea is waiting to see me and i ' m just not ready yet , '' hannah said .
sighing , she got annoyed but knew she never told caleb how she was still feeling about what pea did to her and her mother .
` ` i know you have n't been here in a while because you 're upset with pea , but you ' ve always loved this place so i could n't think of a better place , '' he said as he looked into her eyes .
` ` do you hate peas ? ''
` ` i hate peas so much , i swear it 's in my dna . ''
the ointment was pea green and smelled like skunk .
it crossed william 's mind to wonder if mr wintler could grow an obscene pea .
unhappily , riley 's cook had thought along the same lines as the chinese cooks : the main dish upon the table was a beautifully golden pie , a week 's worth of butter gone into the pastry along with the last of the fresh peas from capetown , accompanied by a bowl of bubbling - hot gravy ; but when cut into , the smell of the seal meat was too distinctly recognizable , and the entire table picked at their plates .
i can hardly answer for what goes on in the crawlers ' pea brains . ''
the second blow shook free the fossilized pea inside and filled the air with echoes of liquid brass .
he scribbled as fast as he could , trying hard to ignore the gentle shower of pie wrappings , banana skins , empty greasy pea bags and the occasional beer bottle being tossed on to the pitch .
he put the gigantic whistle to his lips , filled his lungs with air and sent the pea rattling .
something in the beast , s saliva had traveled into reuben , s bloodstream , just as a virus might travel , sought a pathway to his brain , perhaps , to the mysterious pineal gland , perhaps , or the pituitary gland , that little pea - sized thing we all have in our brain that controls what ?
again and again the caterers refilled dishes of cream peas , brussels sprouts , sweet potatoes , mounded rice and bread - crumb dressings , and platters of freshly carved turkey , beef , pork .
` ` that 's a rosary pea , '' i hissed under my breath .
frustration and anger over my argument with pen had pushed at my pressure points until i was tossing and turning like the princess and the fucking pea .
and come on , we 're like two peas in a pod . ''
i remember the first time ed and i ate a tv dinner in front of our twelve - inch black - and - white , how happy we were balancing the small plastic tray on our knees and eating the mass of mushed peas , the disintegrating roast .
so , his decision finally came to rest with the sweet peas , whose aroma and pastel colours he knew she favoured .
she would have a nosegay of sweet peas then .
john pulled some flowers from behind his back , and she smiled at the cascading sweet peas .
it was edwina ballard , cradling a large basket of freshly picked flowers in her arms , a composition that included roses , daisies , sweet peas and foliage in various shades of green .
frances fixed her eyes to a recalcitrant bunch of sweet peas that were threatening to spill out over the sides of the basket .
he and she practically grew up together ; they re as close as peas in a pod .
` ` hmmm perhaps i should have mashed up the peas or even the carrots , instead of these red beets left over from supper last night , '' he mused , aloud .
the planting of wheat , barley , peas , beans and lentils had already begun .
shortly , following the first real heat , blustery winds brought the picking of peas , beans and lentils , the shearing of sheep .
you re not the sweetest pea in the pod .
who said , i m a pea ?
in the backyard , families grow beets , carrots , cucumbers , onions , peas , carrots , cauliflower , or potatoes .
boil it up with a mess o ' dried peas and i 'll have it myself .
i m as normal me as a pea .
` ` it seems that i am the pea to your princess . ''
and then he remembered the tale to which she referred , in which a princess was so delicate that a pea placed under twenty mattresses disturbed her sleep .
i believe , if i remain here , i shall shorten your already brief life , just as that fairy - tale pea shortened the princess 's night 's sleep . ''
a bowl of peas she 'd been shelling was at her feet , and she 'd left it for a moment , to enjoy the sweet stillness of the evening .
she had on a ball gown that i m certain aunt debourgh must have had made for herthe only ball gown she had in her trunk , i suppose : a pea green satin with a yellow lace overdress , trimmed with gold braid and spangles .
she had a bandeau of the same pea green satin around her hair , trimmed with a spray of feathers .
boiled peas , toast , tea for andrew , coffee for colin .
therefore beans and peas , as well as live dry weat grains ( that horses are regularly used to eat ) - all were served half boiled , so that the hardness of food would be felt .
cmon , sweet pea , i m not gon na hurt you .
that would make the cellmates like two peas in the same innocent pod .
he attacked the pork chops and the peas , swallowed down buttered potatoes without chewing .
they ate , using their fingers , chewing the meat off the chops and tossing the bones back into the pot , then scooping the peas and potatoes out by hand .
like two peas in a pod , he said , stating the obvious .
once it was plain to see that their fathers were getting along like a couple of peas in the same pod , they returned to their gold - discovering conversation .
i was sitting by the mantle , picking peas from the fireplace picking peas from the fireplace ?
i was sitting by the mantle , picking peas from the fireplace picking peas from the fireplace ?
why would you pick peas from the fireplace ?
still , gisla would throw my supper of peas into the soot of the fire .
she scraped several days of uneaten peas into the soot of the fireplace and told me that if i could fetch every last pea from the soot by morning , then i could go .
she scraped several days of uneaten peas into the soot of the fireplace and told me that if i could fetch every last pea from the soot by morning , then i could go .
i stayed up late into the night picking peas from the soot , but each time i thought i had gotten the last pea , i found another and then another .
i stayed up late into the night picking peas from the soot , but each time i thought i had gotten the last pea , i found another and then another .
at first i thought to chase them away , but then i noticed they were eating the peas .
when the pigeons finished , i dug through the ashes looking for peas , but there were none left .
gisla searched and searched , but did not find a single pea .
she told me i could wear one of my nice dresses , which she had taken from me , if i could pick all of the peas out of the ashes again .
there was a pigeon sitting on the window sill , but the hearth was filled with peas .
i ate the food with glee , happy to eat something besides peas .
and so alex was able to acquire some beans and peas to give some needed variety to his diet .
mere minutes later , the scrape of pea gravel under the bow of the dugout announced their arrival at the beach , and he again leapt out of the canoe .
never you mind my feet , came the repost , what about you when you ' ve had a belly full of those saveloys and peas ?
he slipped peas into his mouth and flirted audaciously with betty who in turn had taken to chewing her mint leaves more frequently than was usual for her .
sovereigntist movement ... he says slowly , mulling over his words carefully as he chews his peas .
no , sweet pea .
` ` oh yes , of course , peas , '' replied the secretary , twisting his hands and avoiding looking into his guest 's face .
` ` yes , peas .
he served the lord and his garden equally , but never made a fuss or even lost his temper when one of the local boys picked his experimental peas for dinner one evening , ruining almost a year 's work .
` ` in all , '' said mendel , ` ` 34 more or less distinct varieties of peas were obtained from several seedsmen and subjected to a two year 's trial .
how can you determine anything of significance from 43 peas ? ''
i particularly liked the part where you described how the pea plants were grown . ''
[ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ the civil war while mendel was growing his peas , a continent and an ocean away in the united states the american civil war was reaching a state of crisis .
although watson and crick 's model of dna immediately suggested a mechanism for its own replication ( and hence how dna could act as the molecule of heredity ) , it took a lot longer to workout the details of how the dna carries the information that produced the traits seen in mendel 's peas .
[ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ pisum sativum mendel 's green pea ( pisum sativum ) , is also called the garden pea or english pea .
[ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ pisum sativum mendel 's green pea ( pisum sativum ) , is also called the garden pea or english pea .
[ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ pisum sativum mendel 's green pea ( pisum sativum ) , is also called the garden pea or english pea .
the monks in mendel 's monastery would have really appreciated his crops as peas are best if eaten almost immediately .
like corn , peas lose their sweet flavor very rapidly .
one of the distinct characteristics about peas , that mendel used , is that peas can be classified as either smooth or wrinkled .
one of the distinct characteristics about peas , that mendel used , is that peas can be classified as either smooth or wrinkled .
every gardener knows that wrinkled varieties of peas are sweeter than smooth ones , and only wrinkled varieties were eaten in mendel 's monastery .
modern growers , less interested in genetics and more interested in the results have three varieties of edible - pod peas to choose from .
the 6 - foot sugar snap peas , 70 days .
if you want to grow mendel 's peas in your garden , the following guideline should help .
note : low - nitrogen fertilizer is used because peas , like other legumes , form a partnership with soil bacteria to take nitrogen from the air and fix it into usable fertilizer .
mosquito - 6 chromosomes housefly - 12 chromosomes garden pea - 14 chromosomes tobacco - 48 chromosomes toad - 22 chromosomes vampire bat - 28 chromosomes human - 46 chromosomes cow - 60 chromosomes duck - 80 chromosomes [ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ one at a time throughout his talk ( and his later paper ) mendel discusses his results one character at a time ( round peas / wrinkled peas ) .
mosquito - 6 chromosomes housefly - 12 chromosomes garden pea - 14 chromosomes tobacco - 48 chromosomes toad - 22 chromosomes vampire bat - 28 chromosomes human - 46 chromosomes cow - 60 chromosomes duck - 80 chromosomes [ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ one at a time throughout his talk ( and his later paper ) mendel discusses his results one character at a time ( round peas / wrinkled peas ) .
a simple calculation shows that , if mendel had only planted pea plants that differed in one character at a time , he would have needed a plot of land the size of brno to grow all the plants he would have needed to study !
stewed tomatoes , peas , whipped potatoes and slices of spam .
the cook put a plate in front of him , with a lump of spam , canned corn and peas .
rice and dried peas .
well rice goes better with the ham and peas .
the poor wee mite wid be lost , like a pea in a dumpling , if we wis tae put him on the stretcher .
i ' m quite sure cucumbers and cruet followed , then lamb cutlets , with asparagus and peas , roast saddle of venison , another fish , green goose , plovers eggs in aspic , a mayonnaise of fowl , and more sweet dishes than you could ever possibly imagine .
today , jack had put dried peas in with the potatoes and salt pork .
the peas added a bittersweet quality , which seemed to diminish the soup 's usual salty flavor .
i get so bored with this farming life that sometimes i think i 'll go crazy if i have to shell another pea or hoe another weed .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
you re two peas in a pod .
it was better than the pea or grain porridge most of the workers ate , or the mess of onions and leeks that the etruscans were used to .
beans , peas and herbs were picked and then laid out to dry in the autumnal sun on the stone veranda that faced south .
annie 's job was to assemble a fresh salad of greens and steam the carrots and peas .
at last she wiped her brow and sat down on an overturned bucket to gaze contentedly at her labors : row after row of squash , peas , melons , cabbage , and a row of pumpkins that would surely win her the first prize at the nauvoo fair next fall .
but , that did nt affect my enjoyment of the salt beef , root vegetables , and split - pea pudding meal .
i do nt understand , ellie said as she ate a spoonful of peas .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
six six six - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 six six six 438 the 265 and 205 a 146 of 114 he 106 to 98 she 97 in 95 her 88 his 80 i 75 was 54 on 54 it 52 you 49 that 44 with 37 for 34 as 34 said 30 from 29 at 28 into 26 not 25 were 25 this 25 my 23 what 22 me 22 one 21 him 21 is 21 like 18 i ' m 18 had 18 but 17 or 17 your 17 so 17 light 17 when 16 over 16 through 15 by 15 would 15 pop 15 did n't 15 room 14 an 14 there 14 house 14 it 's 13 no 13 did 13 glass 13 they 13 them 12 do n't 12 if 12 off 12 all 12 black 12 then 12 do 12 out 11 something 11 wine 11 made 11 karl 11 thought 11 across 11 see 11 door 10 he 'd 10 back 10 father 10 eyes 10 she 's 10 carling 10 around 9 get 9 was n't 9 its 9 than 9 why 9 another 9 got 8 that 's 8 under 8 we 8 after 8 more 8 toward 8 up 8 magic 8 family 8 about 8 face 8 here 8 put 8 while 7 even 7 better 7 set 7 hair 7 way 7 living 7 again 7 left 7 against 7 know 7 how 7 their 7 until 7 box 7 old 7 oh 7 are 7 feel 7 hand 7 window 7 ca n't 7 head 7 she 'd 7 thing 6 robe 6 table 6 could 6 want 6 who 6 away 6 just 6 went 6 you 're 6 be 6 much 6 come 6 some 6 bedroom 6 now 6 too 6 mean 6 mention 6 think 6 feet 6 down 6 long 6 floor 6 been 6 us 6 before 5 going 5 really 5 real 5 shut 5 bad 5 right 5 fire 5 never 5 dark 5 say 5 bed 5 neck 5 kind 5 there 's 5 wall 5 where 5 kitchen 5 abba 5 other 5 yeah 5 far 5 sound 5 time 5 place 5 darkness 5 have 5 talk 5 maybe 5 cold 5 trees 5 still 5 will 5 dry 5 stairs 5 day 5 called 5 tell 5 sister 4 can 4 gone 4 met 4 white 4 couch 4 go 4 hot 4 husband 4 god 4 flashlight 4 poured 4 our 4 brightened 4 came 4 someone 4 screamed 4 lying 4 upon 4 plates 4 only 4 pop 's 4 good 4 probably 4 mind 4 kids 4 parents 4 hung 4 elvira 4 well 4 air 4 man 4 hall 4 edge 4 forth 4 has 4 turned 4 grabbed 4 lay 4 hell 4 let 's 4 unless 4 wood 4 hate 4 grass 4 blue 4 record 4 sell 4 full 4 tonight 4 very 4 sat 4 six 4 satan 4 whiskey 4 scary 4 space 4 phantasmagoria 4 hole 4 pale 4 yes 4 locked 4 night 4 walked 4 name 4 anything 4 brought 4 years 4 first 3 tragic 3 resembled 3 wo n't 3 people 3 breath 3 rose 3 occasion 3 foot 3 hope 3 four 3 near 3 he 's 3 little 3 those 3 brother 3 without 3 smiled 3 chair 3 sinatra 3 drawing 3 voice 3 special 3 less 3 decided 3 died 3 company 3 middle 3 cat 3 bergman 3 woods 3 i ' ve 3 seemed 3 except 3 view 3 worse 3 stood 3 is n't 3 beam 3 baby 3 being 3 windows 3 walls 3 best 3 also 3 fear 3 tripod 3 field 3 yard 3 would n't 3 filled 3 lamp 3 clouds 3 lot 3 began 3 returned 3 trying 3 breast 3 guts 3 should 3 hunted 3 kissed 3 does 3 everything 3 mom 3 red 3 car 3 itself 3 nailed 3 drummer 3 bag 3 every 3 terrible 3 case 3 ago 3 dead 3 together 3 handful 3 stared 3 home 3 large 3 belt 3 took 3 might 3 second 3 work 3 two 3 smile 3 let 3 fireplace 3 nice 3 lanterns 3 tight 3 became 3 i 'd 3 handle 3 hook 3 deep 3 branches 3 between 3 fake 3 because 3 idea 3 dust 3 used 3 point 3 does n't 3 drank 3 game 3 low 3 take 3 fell 3 either 3 tried 3 leave 3 along 3 lantern 2 dropped 2 trust 2 favorite 2 matter 2 ran 2 goddamned 2 return 2 drunk 2 stone 2 keep 2 panel 2 fetched 2 arms 2 pile 2 holding 2 yellow 2 country 2 poison 2 realizing 2 cabinet 2 both 2 lest 2 wet 2 doing 2 candles 2 third 2 joel 2 haunted 2 beams 2 revealing 2 dad 2 plain 2 late 2 we 'll 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 lane 2 tools 2 sea 2 tie 2 player 2 popped 2 lips 2 shelter 2 billy 2 series 2 bloody 2 swept 2 beyond 2 von 2 months 2 helicopter 2 later 2 metal 2 iron 2 gave 2 balcony 2 features 2 depressed 2 notice 2 motion 2 end 2 pictures 2 cork 2 continued 2 ankle 2 order 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 fan 2 scream 2 ringo 2 sure 2 new 2 hooks 2 swirled 2 sweet 2 fence 2 look 2 hat 2 shrieking 2 part 2 knows 2 tomb 2 making 2 heard 2 ovals 2 skull 2 last 2 next 2 devil 2 make 2 big 2 shoulders 2 leaving 2 liked 2 pasta 2 mist 2 film 2 liquor 2 else 2 inside 2 steady 2 rapidly 2 escape 2 bat 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 hallway 2 glanced 2 nobody 2 forest 2 loved 2 have n't 2 crazy 2 office 2 none 2 world 2 give 2 funeral 2 beware 2 clicked 2 divan 2 pea 2 crashed 2 damp 2 broom 2 opinions 2 such 2 chuckled 2 played 2 guess 2 exception 2 floated 2 teeth 2 showed 2 globe 2 misc 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 library 2 we 'd 2 masks 2 ice 2 notion 2 reunion 2 above 2 bastard 2 play 2 clockmaker 2 figures 2 knew 2 warped 2 flesh 2 naked 2 snakes 2 market 2 front 2 things 2 police 2 few 2 hip 2 word 2 city 2 monsters 2 nothing 2 quilt 2 slipped 2 business 2 might ' ve 2 mine 2 wrapped 2 fingers 2 below 2 during 2 drink 2 faint 2 steel 2 open 2 childhood 2 dog 2 easily 2 comes 2 whatever 2 rippled 2 arranged 2 township 2 crowbar 2 moment 2 arm 2 mouth 2 we 're 2 lean 2 blow 2 truly 2 had n't 2 thick 2 twisting 2 couple 2 sense 2 built 2 separated 2 rested 2 several 2 rest 2 sing 2 water 2 talked 2 footsteps 2 love 2 terror 2 vistas 2 each 2 hatchet 2 reality 2 pieces 2 half 2 block 2 rooms 2 fluttered 2 jumped 2 witch 2 wind 2 quite 2 curtains 2 stopped 2 lunatic 2 collected 2 vacation 2 thus 2 hour 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 spread 2 yet 2 dinner 2 bolted 2 kill 2 looked 2 stale 2 needle 2 faces 2 faded 2 dunno 2 peeked 2 appeared 2 backward 2 wooden 2 always 2 watched 2 toe 2 led 2 weird 2 level 2 decade 2 spring 2 empty 2 hearth 2 mother 2 guy 2 pentagram 2 nor 2 beneath 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 could n't 2 skipped 2 murderous 2 which 2 small 2 click 2 sort 2 dozen 2 held 2 minute 2 finally 2 try 2 once 2 cursed 2 vermin 2 sandals 2 these 2 ate 2 closer 2 blank 2 helped 2 looking 2 glasses 2 bought 2 floorboards 2 party 2 remained 2 counter 2 times 2 pair 2 saw 1 descended 1 taken 1 nearest 1 colorado 1 strained 1 twenty 1 wait 1 visage 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 cool 1 farther 1 slung 1 everyone 1 lies 1 muck 1 owned 1 guest 1 source 1 local 1 sink 1 squatted 1 education 1 growl 1 truck 1 muybridge 1 show 1 viennese 1 wheel 1 danced 1 flushing 1 figured 1 gather 1 serious 1 grievances 1 micro - scope 1 stirring 1 multi - paned 1 final 1 already 1 occulted 1 ghost 1 inserted 1 danger 1 vigorously 1 tramp 1 heavily 1 wad 1 specters 1 kneeling 1 evening 1 commence 1 owner 1 happy 1 nest 1 sweaty 1 whenever 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 reflection 1 wiring 1 smacked 1 fridge 1 thunderclaps 1 antiquarians 1 wonder 1 missed 1 narrowed 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 dared 1 black - trunked 1 anticipate 1 survey 1 doll 1 dragged 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 blocked 1 eventually 1 rushing 1 1890 1 bordered 1 motes 1 vista 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 sobbing 1 aunts 1 object 1 sticks 1 telescoped 1 morphed 1 folks 1 casting 1 behind 1 planning 1 splintered 1 ashes 1 edges 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 honeymoon 1 frightful 1 eighteenth 1 foreign 1 collectors 1 rather 1 stuff 1 cute 1 whitewashed 1 volume 1 draft 1 distorted 1 bottles 1 save 1 gripping 1 who 'd 1 area 1 groan 1 gets 1 today 1 charming 1 downshifted 1 card 1 sick 1 creepers 1 clan 1 peculiarly 1 psychos 1 meat 1 affected 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 eccentricity 1 artists 1 bejeezus 1 decayed 1 simple 1 purchased 1 furniture 1 foiled 1 beach 1 deadly 1 shimmered 1 worn 1 walkway 1 disjointed 1 draught 1 apocalyptic 1 silent 1 twitched 1 shine 1 many 1 fat 1 bare 1 orange 1 surprised 1 wanting 1 slate 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 act 1 silhouette 1 how 's 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 thrown 1 stooped 1 withered 1 uh - oh 1 hock 1 damn 1 shows 1 ripped 1 artificiality 1 carrion 1 ingmar 1 emanated 1 damned 1 menial 1 wow 1 angular 1 variety 1 wedding 1 switch 1 illegible 1 confessional 1 qualities 1 ironic 1 unsteady 1 cough 1 dirty 1 frail 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 venerable 1 alcohol 1 wan 1 shaken 1 squalls 1 kept 1 bold 1 austere 1 trail 1 past 1 split 1 jack 1 canopy 1 passed 1 framed 1 emotionally 1 shit 1 proportions 1 button 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 prophetic 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 yonder 1 scaring 1 moments 1 hacking 1 zone 1 crouched 1 visualized 1 forgotten 1 soon 1 records 1 voila 1 solar 1 panoply 1 great 1 strips 1 surprisingly 1 pecking 1 follow 1 strength 1 sticky 1 cells 1 saturday 1 everybody 's 1 whistled 1 intend 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 wavered 1 remoteness 1 chest 1 interested 1 shadows 1 condo 1 victims 1 putting 1 eternal 1 pissing 1 takes 1 child 1 onto 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 light - play 1 unflappable 1 send 1 cautiously 1 collaborated 1 eyes ' 1 patricians 1 vulgar 1 capered 1 nose 1 fathers 1 tripped 1 wide 1 leisurely 1 seated 1 start 1 bone 1 cutting 1 snaring 1 house 's 1 intertwined 1 timbers 1 shiver 1 actually 1 packing 1 leaning 1 shed 1 money 1 anyone 1 sugarplum 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 suck 1 corrugated 1 hoped 1 beat 1 strolls 1 sydow 1 rats 1 carve 1 ten 1 secretive 1 curious 1 amazing 1 sydow 's 1 regarding 1 blob 1 ceiling 1 report 1 monster 1 most 1 settee 1 hundreds 1 tops 1 emoting 1 panes 1 rust 1 repatriate 1 stead 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 reveals 1 bible - thumping 1 shapes 1 kin 1 village 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 offed 1 kicks 1 swede 1 sorts 1 neither 1 survived 1 clambering 1 braced 1 fact 1 seen 1 shocked 1 cats 1 stayed 1 rim 1 sloppy 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 confused 1 strong 1 forests 1 mother 's 1 master 1 baring 1 lemonade 1 refilled 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 max 1 father 's 1 arguing 1 magistrate 's 1 kiddo 1 kittens 1 keepsake 1 flat 1 slime 1 farmers 1 fly 1 facsimile 1 narrowly 1 behold 1 tall 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 smash 1 unfortunately 1 stuck 1 hookers 1 value 1 cast 1 hinting 1 hit 1 crowd 1 uh 1 puff 1 hanging 1 departed 1 shimmering 1 grew 1 portals 1 rat 1 launched 1 sophisticated 1 floor - a 1 robes 1 impression 1 growled 1 ones 1 wake 1 non 1 certainly 1 ceilings 1 music 1 playing 1 occupation 1 hiding 1 tomorrow 1 flickered 1 resisted 1 busy 1 heir 1 disliked 1 forced 1 focus 1 son 's 1 keen 1 eave 1 discuss 1 jittery 1 selling 1 acceded 1 pursed 1 sighed 1 somebody 1 cluttered 1 laughing 1 satellite 1 stowed 1 familial 1 ritual 1 reconstituted 1 shift 1 sweden 1 war - rant 1 older 1 ties 1 break 1 course 1 paved 1 frighten 1 farm - style 1 steamed 1 realtor 1 shone 1 sounded 1 funny 1 lepers 1 outlawed 1 specific 1 design 1 demons 1 enemies 1 theatrical 1 components 1 whirred 1 shattered 1 occurred 1 torments 1 blurred 1 muttered 1 worthy 1 swamp 1 visiting 1 bitchy 1 okay 1 corroded 1 entered 1 stir 1 tomes 1 manner 1 claymation 1 fractured 1 buzz 1 wanted 1 soft 1 economy 1 unpacked 1 movements 1 curve 1 sucker 1 abutted 1 earnest 1 dissolving 1 facet 1 adjustments 1 sex 1 landscapes 1 sharp 1 gang 1 abstracted 1 bikers 1 followed 1 unhappily 1 fascination 1 chivalric 1 strange 1 dragging 1 peered 1 cellar 1 erratic 1 bunny 1 insurance 1 obsessed 1 stabs 1 garbled 1 flashed 1 tinfoil 1 marker 1 tidily 1 demesne 1 latch 1 cherished 1 cops 1 form 1 murk 1 biker 1 grata 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 easter 1 patriarchal 1 lie 1 obsession 1 overwhelming 1 pact 1 bombshell 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 hers 1 immediate 1 sympathetic 1 relieved 1 moonlight 1 fooling 1 raced 1 cottages 1 jesus 1 inhabiting 1 hard 1 knock 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 cheese 1 flickering 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 brandy 1 starts 1 hospitable 1 loped 1 waited 1 lazily 1 maw 1 pollen 1 aloud 1 slowly 1 contemplated 1 tumble 1 ponderous 1 blackened 1 question 1 psychotic 1 carried 1 dimmer 1 to - do 1 lennon 1 bled 1 spit 1 spike 1 cancer 1 stranger 1 folded 1 reaching 1 coat 1 documented 1 grainy 1 overlook 1 gears 1 assume 1 throbbed 1 bears 1 retreating 1 especially 1 ha 1 standing 1 cut 1 broach 1 rush 1 plugged 1 easy 1 coming 1 europe 1 rica 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 demonic 1 paralysis 1 panted 1 lake 1 dial 1 packed 1 french 1 likes 1 sap 1 nut 1 plumb 1 pain 1 thorny 1 lenses 1 somebody 's 1 cowl 1 toothy 1 ancient 1 container 1 too - full 1 fun 1 perceptions 1 deer 1 combining 1 attic 1 adjusting 1 computer 1 patch 1 fairytale 1 convenience 1 illumination 1 instantly 1 you 'll 1 personality 1 twice 1 ghoulish 1 cracking 1 ancestral 1 autograph 1 bulged 1 brunkert 1 flies 1 planks 1 dirt 1 cry 1 string 1 offload 1 labored 1 curse 1 renaissance 1 filmed 1 tin 1 diarrhea 1 days 1 rudimentary 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 throat 1 tying 1 cagey 1 honestly 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 vinyl 1 turnip 1 use 1 sealed 1 week 1 switched 1 curtain 1 honeybunch 1 minutes 1 commute 1 panels 1 porch 1 remade 1 dropcloth 1 pine 1 distant 1 sundown 1 daggers 1 spontaneous 1 rare 1 altering 1 safe 1 feral 1 outburst 1 pointed 1 chin 1 thicker 1 heated 1 hoarse 1 freezer 1 rail 1 nodded 1 efficiency 1 daytona 1 nearby 1 bet 1 uncles 1 range 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 perhaps 1 amidst 1 perspective 1 reinforced 1 help 1 thin 1 gamboled 1 snow 1 noise 1 performances 1 cruel 1 eldest 1 cozy 1 sinewy 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 insight 1 studied 1 cracked 1 churned 1 bit 1 grasp 1 oozing 1 claw 1 lots 1 peasant 1 wriggled 1 thank 1 pseudo - leather 1 worked 1 slackened 1 check 1 beauty 1 laundry 1 nature 1 eye 1 effing 1 vomited 1 partially 1 surging 1 top 1 afternoon 1 bunch 1 jagged 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 told 1 york 1 visions 1 famous 1 gym 1 collapse 1 promised 1 putrefying 1 snagged 1 spider 1 liquid 1 heads 1 snuffed 1 interest 1 poor 1 cobwebs 1 tea 1 trailed 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 quantum 1 settlement 1 ghouls 1 passion 1 era 1 stroked 1 atop 1 dearly 1 reformed 1 slide 1 whipping 1 bulky 1 mesmerizing 1 slug 1 grief 1 furnace 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 lonesome 1 sputtered 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 need 1 persist 1 swear 1 oval 1 yanks 1 maggots 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 center 1 spiked 1 laugh 1 playful 1 powered 1 eyeballs 1 trunk 1 wiped 1 power 1 pound 1 although 1 girl 1 wondered 1 sluice 1 plants 1 traditions 1 discos 1 bristles 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 lurking 1 forgive 1 control 1 multiplied 1 pants 1 canvas 1 shrimp 1 anyway 1 gulp 1 lightly 1 diffuse 1 deeper 1 speak 1 grade 1 recently 1 stirred 1 sad 1 lover 1 shitting 1 pastoral 1 lady 1 mock 1 whispered 1 writing 1 slightest 1 call 1 claws 1 chipped 1 comment 1 filed 1 wreck 1 dregs 1 magnified 1 knitting 1 occultist 1 screens 1 boles 1 extended 1 victorian 1 volunteered 1 stork 1 contained 1 ethereal 1 height 1 pressed 1 shoved 1 apertures 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 rig 1 arrival 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 horses 1 rambling 1 weak 1 joint 1 helping 1 thinned 1 suggest 1 thousandth 1 speck 1 great - great 1 cleaner 1 winding 1 main 1 reminded 1 somber 1 drive 1 excellent 1 somewhere 1 date 1 arch 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 vague 1 life 1 subject 1 odd 1 system 1 mirror 1 brings 1 petty 1 shifting 1 widening 1 innards 1 model 1 pushed 1 cabbages 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 stainless 1 sky 1 retrieved 1 fussing 1 jostling 1 clicking 1 brass 1 shuddered 1 ignore 1 eadweard 1 beside 1 study 1 buzzed 1 ages 1 places 1 silver 1 sailed 1 mass 1 defined 1 inappropriate 1 entertain 1 uh - uh 1 embarrassed 1 girls 1 animal 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 primitive 1 circles 1 closet 1 overhand 1 own 1 touched 1 executor 1 hamburger 1 toy 1 crawled 1 station 1 art 1 shh 1 buckets 1 clump 1 shuffled 1 seat 1 happened 1 shelters 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 run 1 mexico 1 resentment 1 hates 1 reappeared 1 answer 1 getting 1 shuttering 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 rowed 1 fucking 1 dwelt 1 aside 1 variations 1 literally 1 gulped 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 physically 1 grand 1 loathed 1 scrabbled 1 memories 1 stones 1 breeze 1 snapped 1 unlocked 1 central 1 shove 1 burned 1 overpowering 1 tykes 1 generations 1 pleased 1 rivals 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 receded 1 plate 1 cranked 1 thinking 1 plush 1 reel 1 heart 1 started 1 concession 1 america 1 exponentially 1 adjourned 1 leg 1 wishing 1 baltic 1 scarred 1 cougars 1 tipped 1 landing 1 accentuated 1 images 1 wan na 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 emerged 1 whether 1 napkin 1 three 1 paul 's 1 horror 1 clickety - click 1 movers 1 sprang 1 enjoyed 1 peeled 1 grave 1 swayed 1 1930 1 predated 1 muse 1 consternation 1 void 1 backed 1 screw 1 discover 1 towel 1 proves 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 recognized 1 bird 1 double 1 ec 1 conjuring 1 shrillness 1 crushed 1 find 1 decision 1 shadow 1 among 1 considered 1 daddy 's 1 soap 1 remind 1 crawling 1 dole 1 imagined 1 clods 1 someplace 1 ordeal 1 raging 1 happen 1 irregular 1 rule 1 long - handled 1 direction 1 skin 1 warning 1 rain 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 moon 1 exterminator 1 were n't 1 popular 1 vapor 1 lease 1 stuffed 1 alike 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 stillness 1 beaten 1 grandpa 1 dominated 1 bowed 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 suit 1 billion 1 pokers 1 blood 1 insufferably 1 weeks 1 bitchier 1 frames 1 approached 1 quality 1 vision 1 grate 1 mean - while 1 flowed 1 rotating 1 hold 1 felt 1 same 1 prying 1 loose 1 sent 1 dim 1 gloaming 1 footboard 1 snoqualmie 1 predecessors 1 born 1 shuddering 1 pissed 1 coke 1 graduated 1 ass 1 cushion 1 undefined 1 knee - high 1 arched 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 gadget 1 longstanding 1 nabbed 1 pantry 1 lives 1 flaming 1 parlor 1 conical 1 roofs 1 scuttled 1 though 1 filtered 1 secret 1 urge 1 drum 1 collar 1 pulls 1 transmogrification 1 slapping 1 wolf 1 bawling 1 romanticized 1 fantasized 1 am 1 there 'll 1 pattern 1 uptown 1 ebay 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 dangling 1 performing 1 unnerved 1 eleven 1 garbed 1 single 1 accelerating 1 since 1 mildly 1 buffaloes 1 willy - nilly 1 persona 1 swung 1 ever 1 gods 1 reclined 1 scrawled 1 dogs 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 lastly 1 county 1 touch 1 spikes 1 warn 1 spitting 1 thirty - five 1 aperture 1 actor 1 within 1 points 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 traded 1 myself 1 ready 1 echoed 1 feuds 1 shushed 1 trip 1 seeping 1 wear 1 acted 1 condition 1 scabrous 1 bored 1 covered 1 foreground 1 train 1 slap 1 trio 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 says 1 asked 1 youngest 1 articulated 1 hammer 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 nightmares 1 slightly 1 joy 1 glancing 1 beaming 1 shook 1 muddy 1 glittered 1 survival 1 leered 1 grandfather 1 assassination 1 steps 1 true 1 vent 1 sacrificial 1 etched 1 swallowed 1 argue 1 costa 1 straw 1 disintegrate 1 resembles 1 believe 1 hillock 1 moving 1 bah 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 gloom 1 paternal 1 stamping 1 firelight 1 child 's 1 secure 1 faddah 1 daylight 1 facades 1 boor 1 messages 1 relatives 1 are n't 1 fetish 1 roses 1 floating 1 bubbles 1 mary 1 step 1 titles 1 hushed 1 brushed 1 spill 1 charged 1 sibling 1 rivalry 1 machine 1 forehead 1 loop 1 shaking 1 dread 1 briefly 1 found 1 color 1 cascade 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 gents 1 vase 1 reading 1 bigger 1 repeated 1 snob 1 glow 1 sharper 1 pictured 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 shabby 1 pure 1 fifty 1 haiti 1 upbeat 1 ovens 1 paul 1 temptation 1 toddies 1 knives 1 occasions 1 contraption 1 impossible 1 husband 's 1 claimed 1 kettle 1 books 1 school 1 off - kilter 1 hospitals 1 sawing 1 lose 1 wings 1 bands 1 nubs 1 roofie 1 paint 1 vibes 1 wore 1 jibber - jabber 1 hundredth 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 dome 1 unexplained 1 gradually 1 neighbor 's 1 sang 1 noticed 1 century 1 temples 1 five 1 crank 1 list 1 projected 1 accident 1 strokes 1 section 1 desk 1 side 1 street 1 spines 1 town 1 kings 1 tasks 1 enough 1 modern 1 acid 1 knotholes 1 gold 1 unlike 1 eve 1 instant 1 reddened 1 imagery 1 unloaded 1 contorted 1 puppies 1 snore 1 vertigo 1 dealing 1 dimmed 1 shutters 1 burn 1 stomach 1 defiance 1 shop 1 inheriting 1 avoided 1 leaped 1 listen 1 punchbowl 1 foundation 1 jacket 1 spying 1 railing 1 selection 1 unwind 1 slithered 1 frowned 1 feared 1 team 1 noises 1 logs 1 high 1 h 1 quaint 1 picture 1 scene 926 .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
pennies is next to me , grasping his pea shooter like it ll do him any good , his face full of fear and determination .
an injury like this needed frozen peas and advil .
she always had a rock on her finger the size of a pea ; and she had really big bazoombas .
we got lots of peas ?
there was something graceful about the way she smashed out both rear headlights , dressed smartly in a white wool pea coat , her long blond hair swaying in time with the bat .
the two plastic gnomes sat on a stone ledge , looking quite natural beside the small garden of peas and potatoes .
flora is a flower of a child , fun - loving and sweet as a sweet - pea .
others spoke their minds as well : my ma says to eat peas .
inez was the oldest , and when i visualize her even now i find a smiling , white - haired woman in a vast kitchen alive with the smells of bubbling peas and rising bread .
you re holding a pea shooter compared to the goddamn arsenal they have .
i could see what i thought were peas climbing a section of netting , large rubber tires housing a creeping plant of some sort , and several raised beds with strawberries in them .
as they scattered , i slipped , tumbling the last of the way down , coming to rest on what had been my pea patch .
the last thing i wanted to die over was a can of black - eyed peas .
her best friends outfit contrasted with emilys worn , faded jeans , grey hoodie , black boots , and sensible , black pea coat .
joshua walked around the gray brick , anna staying put , her hands in the pockets of her blue pea coat .
all of them were relatively the same pea size , and they circled the angels reflected in the mirrored plate .
small pea sized pellets of blood soaked hail began falling all around her , crashing into her body .
* anita had been unaware how long she had been standing there with a tray of hot food ( mashed potatoes and gravy , salsbury steak , sweet peas ) that was quickly turning cold .
in front of the shack stood the rusted out hulk of a tractor , its tires missing , and the rest of the once proud machine a pile of rusting iron , with one smear of pea green pain on the engine shroud .
claire waltz worked marketing and sales at precision efficiency advancements , and the running gag around the office was that she was the princess of the pea , alluding to the old fairy tale .
her paycheck was considerably more than the paycheck of pea 's ceo , a secret he shared with no one .
he added his noodles to the broth , and vegetables , carrots , peas , and celery .
he grabbed his black , pea coat and the rest of his luggage from above and stepped off the train .
tuna casserole with peas , she said .
a can of peas rolled against cases shoes and he kicked it away .
maria asked as she tugged the old battery out of the engine compartment and let it fall onto a badly stained pea green colored recliner .
but it had been worth the effort , or it would be in a few more weeks when the vegetables , peas , green beans , carrots , a few watermelon , and tomatoes , started to ripen .
` ` a nice girl , '' denker said , his words muffled by a mouthful of carrots and peas .
i opened the refrigerator and peered in at my dark shoe placed neatly beside a covered bowl of peas .
anne was in the kitchen , shelling peas .
then , with a sigh , she picked up her knife and began shelling peas again .
a lot healthier than your pea of a think - tank . ''
only his uncle al , who blew into town late this morning to have the traditional salmon and fresh peas with the family , had understood .
he wrenched up the door handle and ducked outside , buttoning his navy pea coat .
lamb chops , peas and carrots , potatoes , biscuits , pie , and coffee .
removing his pea coat , he tossed it onto a chair , setting the flashlight on top of it .
he forked a lamb chop onto a plate , added a spoonful of carrots and peas , poured himself a cup of coffee .
he had bought the luxury sound system for the same reasons that he had bought this low fieldstone house on long island , where the two of them often rattled around like the last two peas in a can : because he had been able to , and because they were ways of appeasing the soft , frightened , often bewildered , always implacable voice of his mother ; they were ways of saying : i made it , ma !
starting in july , there was picking as well as hoeing - peas and radishes first , then the lettuce and the tomatoes that had been started in the shed - boxes , then the corn and beans in august , more corn and beans in september , then the pumpkins and the squash .
mike had been given a five - percent interest in the farm when he was five years old - old enough , will had told him then , to hold a hoe and to tell the difference between witchgrass and pea - plants .
` ` you 're hoein up the peas right along with the weeds , you ijit . ''
now i ' m rich and you 're hoeing peas .
i let all of them do me , i was nothing but a slut , but now i ' m rich too and we 're all together again , and we 're doing it again but you could n't do it now even if i let you because you could n't get it up , so ha - ha on you , henry , ha - ha all over you - he hoed madly , weeds and dirt and pea - plants flying ; the ghost - voices from the ghost - moon were very loud now , echoing and flying in his head , and fogarty was running toward him , bellowing , but henry could not hear .
none of them , not even belch , went out to the bowers farm under ordinary circumstances - primarily because of henry 's crazy father but also because they always ended up helping henry do his chores : the weeding , the endless rock - picking , the lugging of wood , the toting of water , the pitching of hay , the picking of whatever happened to be ripe at the time of the season - peas , cukes , tomatoes , potatoes .
about an hour after telling them his story mike had left them , saying his father wanted him home by four to pick peas .
alfie naugler , who had a farm out on the naugler road in derry ( it is gone now ; where alfie naugler once grew his peas and beans and beets , the interstate extension now runs its 8.8 mile , six - lane course ) , begged to disagree .
` ` i 'll be in with some breast of chicken and mashed potatoes and peas for you in half an hour .
the princess and the pea .
he looked eke a strange adult version of popeye 's nephew , swee '' pea .
` ` hi , sweet pea !
i half expected your head to start spinning around and pea soup to start spewing from your mouth . ''
i stood in the basement , holding three cans of black - eyed peas , and let the tears flow .
the temperature between them cooled a little as the waiter set their andyburgers and french fries before them , added minuscule dishes of green peas and baby onions , then retired .
there were only two customers , a young black kid in an oversize pea coat who seemed to be dozing , and an old white boozer who was sipping coffee from a thick white porcelain mug .
that was nearly half a year 's take typing papers and she had flown to the telephone , leaving danny in his high chair to goggle comically after her , his face lathered with creamed peas and beef puree .
three shopping sacks filled with bermuda onions , the sweetest vegetable a loving god ever created , some pretty good sweet peas , which would be served with the entree and come back uneaten nine times out of ten , and a single blue hubbard squash that was strictly for personal consumption .
just like a pea turkey that got its first hardon .
ham steaks and potatoes with redeye gravy and fresh new peas and milk with hershey 's chocolate syrup to dump in it .
the night before last she had put a can of peas in the coals of their fire without ventilating the top and he had fished it out all charred and swelled , about three seconds before it would have gone off like a bomb , maybe blinding them with flying hooks of tin shrapnel .
it was n't just shoyo or mcnab or texarkana ; it was america , lying here like a huge discarded tin can with a few forgotten peas rolling around in the bottom .
she sang a medley of civil war songs : ` ` when johnny comes marching home , '' ` ` marching through georgia , '' and ` ` goober peas '' ( more smiles at that one ; many of these men , grand army of the republic veterans , had eaten more than a few goober peas during their time in the service ) .
she sang a medley of civil war songs : ` ` when johnny comes marching home , '' ` ` marching through georgia , '' and ` ` goober peas '' ( more smiles at that one ; many of these men , grand army of the republic veterans , had eaten more than a few goober peas during their time in the service ) .
might as well expect a can of peas to talk as a person with a dead brain .
she had a very small dot of pureed peas on the tip of her nose , and thad felt an absurd urge to kiss it off .
he looked up at his wife , who was concentrating on getting the last of william 's peas into him .
johnny put his eye to one of the diamond shapes cut into the balustrade and saw a burly man who was bundled up in a thick navy pea coat .
one of them was the custodian , the collar of his pea coat turned up against his neck .
but she was standing at the counter , just as well and fine as when i had left her , humming a song as she shelled peas into a bowl .
it's- '' a can of peas flew across two of the checkout lanes suddenly and struck mrs . carmody on the right breast .
the peas were coming on and the corn was rearing up good , as uncle frank would have said .
bobbi had a garden of about an acre and a half -beans , cukes , peas , corn , radishes , and potatoes .
they were alike as two peas m a pod , obviously identical twins .
sometimes they give you a week on the local pea farm or a month on the local road crew for good measure .
at a long trestle table there were at least four dozen people , passing platters of corn on the cob and dishes of home - baked beans - pea beans , soldier beans , red kidney beans .
it 's getting worse , '' anna said and got a package of frozen peas from the freezer and laid it on my hand .
she feels like a pea at the base of that tallboy tower .
yes , the mother replied , that s why i brought sweet pea here , she has the mumps .
i think it got crushed between the canned peas and the chocolate clairs .
james trevick and me are like two peas in a pod , and i m sure hell be delighted to help me out , even if not you .
they went up broadway , pausing beside an amusement arcade to watch a hustler artfully hiding a pea between three shells on top of a cardboard packing box , as young mexicans looked on , making bets to impress their short - skirted girlfriends .
mitch was already up ( since his pea plants preferred to be watered early ) and when he opened the door was surprised to see rancher bomont standing in front of him , looking madder than an unmilked cow .
natalie said as she buttoned up her cherry red pea coat over an overly professional ( for our office ) black sheath dress and white button top .
awesome , you should bring those snow pants you wore when we went sledding , and a pair of gloves that have some grip , and if you have one , a ski jacket , something where you ll have a little more movability than your pea coat .
as she laughed , i picked up my blood - red pea coat and folded it over my arm .
we d been terrorized with a few mild storms , but she was right it was nt cold enough for a pea coat so i tossed it over the back of the couch .
he wore charcoal grey slacks , black boots , and a black pea coat .
conrads front teeth were so decayed , they looked like a row of black - eyed peas .
you ' ve got a name big enough to carry a bestseller , but you ' ve got to tell your readers the story they want to hear , not whether or not you ate your peas and carrots as a kid .
'' she killed my father with a sledgehammer and buried his body among the sweet peas so i poisoned her coffee .
he waves to them both then sets off for drake 's , where he is due to meet his uncle and aunt for a traditional slap - up fish and chip supper with mushy peas and sliced white bread .
pebble and trout are shaken around like peas in a demented cement - mixer but somehow manage to cling on to weed whose roots are firmly embedded in mud .
'' errr ... mmmm ... . how many peas do you get in a pod ? ''
his nurse mum at the orphanage grew tired of his colic and crying and one day set him , still covered in dried pea soup from lunch , upon the stoop of a local brewery .
we must take care , repeated nurse janet , these babies are like peas in a pod .
` ` a bargain , old pea .
` ` a real magician could explain to us the difference between the chinese water torture and government water boarding , '' chip / silly suddenly blurted out , spraying me with a spoonful of freshly buttered peas launched catapult - style .
i successfully dodged the next volley of peas .
( 4 ) serve on a soup plate , garnish with peas .
there was a brand of dried peas called surprise which was the subject of a famous playground joke : q : what do you get with surprise peas .
there was a brand of dried peas called surprise which was the subject of a famous playground joke : q : what do you get with surprise peas .
fast food was still fish and chips and mushy peas , too regular recourse to which could cause a great deal of flatulence and intestinal distress .
cicely had sent dad a shopping list in advance and apart from a few technical errors like buying tinned peas and carrots he had managed his trip to the butchers and the greengrocers quite well .
having chased a rather stubborn chick pea round the inside of his mouth , he unconsciously bit down and his heart sank as he heard that familiar and expensive sound ricochet around the inside of his skull .
the grinning agent proudly ignited his german power plant and then they headed off at warp speed , lamps ablaze , through the thick split - pea soup while he then reminisced about his recent holiday ... in of all places , australia .
how appropriate ; it jogged his memory of the outward trip , and he noticed that someone had kindly vacuumed out his throne of the chick pea , dried noodle and corn spillage .
sweet peacan i call you sweet pea ?
do nt call me sweet pea .
so there i was , loitering with intent by the frozen peas , when all of a sudden i spotted this sign in the distance .
the antidote to grief and regret can not be plucked from the shelves like cans of processed peas .
they ordered pies , chips and peas and sat at a corner table .
the pies floated like large flaky tankers on a sea of glutinous gravy next to an island of chunky chips , with the odd green pea bobbing up to the surface .
for the most part he was side - on thin but for his stomach that stuck out like half a pea on a paddle pop stick .
the best i can muster is a morning coffee biscuit , an easy winner over the other alternatives , a box of dried peas or a jar of my dads homemade pickled onions that look like spare parts from dr frankensteins stock room .
i keep all available fingers crossed that the chassis holds up as we bounce down the road like dried peas in a biscuit tin .
i ran out of mince , so i used some marrowfat peas instead .
stephen starts laughing as he pushes the large green mounds around his dish with a fork , pea burgers , that s funny , he says .
i know that my nan will not be crushing marrowfat peas into a poo - shaped rissole .
do you want peas lad ?
no , no peas , christ no peas !
no , no peas , christ no peas !
perhaps the pea burger meal was the better option after all .
the days of improvising with a table tennis bat , a yard brush and a settee are as long gone as pea burgers , holidays in a leaking , oiled - stained tent , and tv programmes with a drum roll for a signature tune .
two proverbial peas in the pod .
gale looked at him and said , what you got here , moron , is a load of trouble greater than anything that tiny little pea brain of yours ever has imagined .
in the kitchen , ida worked cleaning up after their meal of pork - fat flavored black - eyed peas and cornbread .
` ` no , for allah 's sake , the first thing we need is weapons ; real weapons , this time , not fucking pea shooters , '' said lewy , glaring at hablibi .
cod , chips and a nice big dollop of mushy peas .
barry said this was nt something that would impress a girl , but i m not so sure , i ve seen plenty of women in the shop getting the same meal , with or without mushy peas , and i d pay for hers that s got to be a plus point .
or i m gon na let sweet pea eat you .
that beasts name is sweet pea ?
he might have , but i was afraid to take my eyes off sweet pea .
i did nt make eye contact with sweet pea , otherwise known as satin , or satins owner , the manner - challenged kid , and limped very fast to my truck .
if you do nt count sweet pea and his vicious runt of an owner .
you know , a pea shooter .
the first time i can remember it happening is when i was a baby ; i know not how old i was , but i was sitting in a babys highchair , with food on the tray in front of me i only recall it as being orange and green , which i imagine probably means that it was mashed up carrots and peas .
what i did do , though , which i think supports that i understood the basic principles of what i m writing here , is throw my plate upwards onto him so that he was covered in mashed peas and carrots .
t - theres tomorrow sweet pea , you can try again , harold said in a partially squeaky voice .
sweet pea , my secretary had to have stolen that document and forged my signature .
'' can you live without me as i make two calls sweet pea ? ''
i m sorry i did nt tell you ab- that s okay sweet pea , connor said .
ecstatic then all is well sweet pea , connor said .
the other bottle was set in the patio garden of a vineyard estate , with pea gravel on the ground and cream colored limestone block walls around the perimeter .
to save my olive oyl wife so we can continue living our lives and have our own sweet pea in a few more months .
it is of the day we found out our sweet pea was a girl .
i think they 're peas .
pees successfully completed , and peas safely contained in the old dear 's dustpan , alice swiftly washed her hands in the icy cold water , wiped them on a dozen or so sheets of green paper towel , and exited the cave of garish gloom .
once i was an adult mein dipe no diet works like the brat diet charming , just charming about chewing gum beyond the why game gim me that educational toy breaking away all we are saying is give peas a chance the great juice dilemma the day the fish died a kitchen for christmas the tooth fairy in the night about the author introduction raising children may be the most important task we have as human beings .
when , at last , my plate is clean , i ' ve complimented the chef and , as they say in provence , l'exprience gastronomique est fini , my young heathen son is chasing peas around the plate and showing everyone the chewed food in his mouth .
while you 're gone , the peas are dispatched to distant corners of the kitchen .
the next time you serve peas , place one pea on the plate .
the next time you serve peas , place one pea on the plate .
eating this is an achievable goal which could lead , sometime in the next decade , to your putting two peas on the plate and having them consumed .
offer a reward to the child who can take a pea the most times during dinner .
my all - time favorite method which has nt worked out yet but is fun to do is get out the old guitar , put on those old patched bell - bottom jeans , scrub off the makeup and sing a couple of verses of all we are saying is give peas a chance .
i had picked up a few things in dunnville : two frozen pizzas , a half dozen tv dinners , several cans of soup and bags of frozen peas and carrots .
wasabi peas .
i tore into it , swallowed a few of the pills dry and opened the bag of wasabi peas .
he walked me across the asphalt to a square of pea gravel with a plastic fire hydrant .
lee grinned from beneath his thick plastic frames that made his eyes appear small as black - eyed peas .
the heat hit her in the face , and the smell of ripe tomatoes , peas and carrots filled her nostrils .
the frozen peas were jammed under her armpits , potato wedges propping up her head .
richards envy sat like a gooseberry among peas in a pod .
ham and scalloped potatoes with peas .
he then passed the plate to daphne who scooped a guest - sized portion of scalloped potatoes onto the plate before handing it to his sister iris who added the chard and the peas , and finally passed the loaded plate to their guest .
pretty please pass the peas ?
a pea green boat being sailed by an owl who , in turn , is being sailed by a pussycat .
it was ben who loved gardening and wanted to grow carrots and peas and potatoes , not me .
ben , meanwhile , was having his own problems ; while we 'd been away , the deer had been munching peas and beans and corn in the garden .
i rebelled against my brown thumb status and planted sweet peas along the front of the veranda and tacked netting to the rails for them to climb .
she was diligently sifting through the petite peas , hunting for cans without dents , her silver cane listing dangerously out of her shopping cart like a torpedo tube on a wayward u - boat .
they are quite fond of kippers , steak and kidney pie , mushy peas , lumpy gravy , and hunks of turnip , swede , and carrot in everything .
eloisa sighed deeply with joy but like a pea in a mattress , there was still had one gnawing discomfort , one major question she needed an answer to .
` ` there 's a space opened up in the town pea patch , i heard .
stifling agony , dead love , lapized silence , and heat ? i eat my peas with honey , i ' ve done it all my life ?
she had a picnic basket full of fried chicken , country ham biscuits , potato salad , snap peas , and coconut cake .
i 'll bring him a bushel of peas for payment if that 's all right . ''
he would be the one proving his devotion by waiting for her , but he would also be the one expected to live off carrots and peas and not getting any sex .
as mysteries go , however , it was even tougher to swallow than the carrots and peas in tonys sandwiches .
these curves are both a blessing and a curse , though i d much rather have that than the chick peas of the other girl you were hanging around with .
eating chick peas ?
what s a fucking chick pea ?
best of friends , really , like peas in a pod or pod people or something .
chasing wandering peas on my plate , i yearned for someone to join me at the table .
i hear the engine of their sedan fire up and the crumbling of the pea gravel as they back out into the street .
wait here while i go plant some boiled peas in my garden .
but judge , the plaintiff said , boiled peas will not grow into anything .
now i am not really a pie kind of girl without the gravy , mash and peas to go along with it .
after day 1 , all the students were assembled in the auditorium for the opening speech ; like peas in a pod the japanese took each available seat in turn , filling up the rows exactly in order ; the westerns sprawled all over the place ; johann nervously took the seat next to akemi only after being prodded by tusk .
3 - cute girls clique bump into appreciative university boy photographers and allow their pictures to be taken ; students generally hang out with their classmates at first and then explore ; little peas in a pod do spend some of their time looking around and more generally pay attention to themselves .
coleslaw , potato salad , rice and peas , you know .
and when we do have it we have to waste it on thangs like shoes and peas .
who wants peas ?
looks like progresso chick peas or beans .
we throw peas , so if you guys are looking for humpbacked camels , we ai nt for you .
we can be merciful , she said , then made a windmill windup and threw a pea to the catcher for their benefit .
my teammates like peas both ways .
with the tape measure and green garden sticks that were usually used for peas but which they employed as site markers , lowell and bill measured the forty - two - foot length from the corner of the driveway to a clump of three birch trees on the corner of the narrow lot and marked the places to dig holes every three feet for the fifteen plants they had bought .
she had stopped her nightly walks after the incident with the painter , but she soon became as immersed in her garden , making a kind of painting of it the way she arranged the tomatoes , the marigolds , the yellow squash in with the pale or darker shades of green of lettuce and peas and potatoes .
in march she would be planting onions and kale , peas and lettuce , and they would be eating fresh greens even before she put in the tomato plants , nurtured along in a window in the sun , before being arranged in their part of her overall design , usually next to or alternating with marigolds , which she planted to keep certain bugs away , and because she loved the smell of them .
even when she was home alone , doing mundane things like stripping the peas from the pods that grew in the backyard garden , or washing her stockings , she would be self - conscious and move with a certain provocative grace , as if one of her young men were spying on her .
the sweet peas going in first along with the onions went around the outer edges , and she would arrange everything else in concentric circles until the middle where she would plant the tomatoes ringed with marigolds .
as i started on my assigned round , wearing my pea jacket and watch cap , parting gifts from the navy , and a pair of ugly yellow gloves , with elastic cuffs that covered my wrists , pressed on me by my mother , i was dressed against the cold of the sunless morning .
they say , you know , his wife eats her peas from her knife , her being , of course , the wife of low , common , catholic , democratic al smith .
on that tuesday , protected by my pea jacket and watch cap , which i d kept after my discharge as a reminder of the war i could nt get over , rather than as a souvenir of victory , the knit cap pulled down to cover my ears and eyebrows , and of course wearing the ugly yellow gloves , i slogged through the foot or so of snow that had fallen over night .
or , the most tormenting question that dogs me from the chance touching of my life and the life of the beautiful novicesuppose during our final encounter , with eloise and abelard in mind , i had shrugged off the mailbag i d been carrying , had gathered up deirdre in my pea jacket - covered - arms , and , crowning her with my watch cap and tossing the hideous yellow gloves onto the floor of the vestibule , had carried her , with her consent , given or tacit , from the convent out into the raging stormwhat then would have been our lives ?
he handed them to becky , who examined them : peas , lettuce , spinach and radishes .
in a week or two she would plant the radishes , cukes , potatoes , tomatoes , squash , green beans , peas , and corn .
obediently she chose salisbury steak , mashed potatoes and peas , with a chocolate chip cookie for dessert and a glass of milk for her beverage .
for a while they paused and discussed just what was meant by foolish , but then after picking at the meatloaf , powdered mashed potatoes and peas , jeremy brought up a passage he particularly liked from thoreaus essay on the duty of civil disobedience where thoreau says that under a government which imprisons any unjustly , the true place for a just man is also a prison .
' so ' ve i , ' she replied , and they set about their respective chores in a slow , contented , middle - aged way that tastes of fresh green peas and feels like hot bread clutched against the stomach , a life and attitude that smells of warm , early morning beds and sounds like the laughter of a sister ; mercifully safe .
he and i were definitely not like peas in a pod .
audrey went over to the refrigerator and took out a bag of frozen peas .
taking off the strap - on , and placing the bag of peas between her legs , audrey replied , you could have joined in whenever .
audrey walked over and placed the peas on the kitchen counter .
this was where my grandmother sat in the summer when she had to peel potatoes or shell peas .
her neat thumb chased the peas tumbling them into the colander .
i was allowed to eat the runaways and the hard sweet taste of fresh raw peas in my mouth remains .
sometimes if the season is right i will buy a few peas still in their pods and sit in the sun to eat them .
we find pea pods to pick and carrots to pull .
we end up with a basket of tomatoes and peas , a bunch of zucchini , about twenty - five pounds of potatoes , and a nice pumpkin patch .
a pale pea in a blood red pod .
in hours a tiny mass of mindless cells , not all that much bigger than a pea , would be excised .
and if that was all it was , some small growth as benign , as innocuous as a pea , even that excision would take more than the object itself .
even if the growth were as smooth and as self - contained as a pea , a sense of self , a sense of capacity , of possibility , would be taken , too .
being close to the house someone was always running down there to get a handful for iced tea or to steam with fresh peas or put in carrot salad .
the beans and grilled salmon drizzled with basil oil and potato salad with new potatoes , peas and peapods in yogurt .
could you get me a bag of pea beans and some sugar ?
even though the pea beans are within legs reach , frank collects them himself as he is afraid his voice may crack if he tries to direct her to them .
he does nt want to think about the old man walking carpeted corridors rather than the pea stone and crushed shell path that runs south from his house .
you know , tallion , i m a loving , august merciful soulbut lets get one thing straightbefore you get into my forty thousand dollar ride - puke now , or forever hold your peas .
he had begun to think the starkwethers had returned to valkyrie when he heard pea gravel popping under tires .
he already had peas , spinach , and kale in .
most of the peas were on the floor looking like a strand of jade beads that had let go .
his granddaughter was nt speaking to him because she was engaged in developing her fine motor skills by picking up peas and smooshing them between two fingers .
the rocks surface was flat on its topside , partially mantled in a pea - green moss , and conveniently jutting from the soil in a place absent from dense foliage or brushwood .
my heart sank like peas in milk .
when thomas finally got around to waking up , he and julia drove to the store to pick up the creamed corn and peas that hannah had forgotten the day before , having been preoccupied while she was shopping .
off to the supermarket to buy her peas and potatoes .
the hospital had an atrocious pastel pea puree scheme on top of the cream .
inside , there was something colorful resembling chewed peas and carrots , with dried clumps of hairy matter .
the vegetable garden had to be watered and checked for potatoes and carrots and peas that were ready for picking .
it would haunt the kitchen and make pot roast and split pea soup and the best mashed potatoes in the world .
the meal consisted of small potatoes boiled with dill , some carrots and peas and some spinach ( good for you , harriet pointed out ) , all with a delicious fried swedish fish which claire called baltic herring and which harriet called stromming and informed me , quite loudly , that claire could never get right .
to strengthen the refreshing effect , has added once , some toothpaste to the mixture of bagnoschiuma that i used for the shower and me there i / you / they have washed all , understood the pea .
there is inside everything in a salad of rice sort as it is owed : gherkins , carciofini , olives , wurstel , ham , cheeses , peppers , peas , corn , everything .
yet the salad of rice does n't know neither of gherkins , neither of carciofini , neither of olives , neither of wurstel , neither of ham , neither of cheeses , neither of peppers , neither of peas , neither so much less than corn .
cumin and cardamom scented a platter of vegetable curry with cauliflower , potatoes and peas .
i began to think that perhaps the dark pea coat -- short crew style haircut , and the fact that i was nt african american gave the impression that i was either a cop , or too crazy to bother with .
grimy pea - colored sofa , battered coffee table , armchair with rips in the tweed fabric .
i always thought it was like paying money to someone to tell you to behave yourself and eat your peas .
full of soda and pop - rocks from the friday afternoon school party , the girls had spent dinner pushing and prodding their hamburger helper and peas .
we can talk history without pea brain here interrupting .
the fairground is already teeming with vendors selling blueberries , leeks , eggs , early corn , flowers , cabbage , beeswax , zucchini , jams , cherries , biscuits , spinach , red velvet cakes , onions , kale , sweet peppers , fruit pies of every imaginable variety , eggplant , raw milk , asparagus , fudge , butter , preserves , nectarines , cheese , scallions , honey , basil , lettuce , chard , summer squash , candles , pigs feet , honey dew , peaches , carrots , radishes , collards , green beans , herb tinctures , snap peas , cucumbers , live chickens , and green onions .
oh really , rupunzel ) it is olives recipe for pea soup , and you probably should nt eat it before bed because it gives you so much energy .
so , you get a packet of peas , a can of coconut milk , and some massel vegetable stock ( coz its the yummest , says olive ) .
boil the peas in some holy water ( its all holy ) with the stock , like , two or more spoons , and then blend it when its cooked .
you re right , sweet pea .
neil armstrong had said , it suddenly struck me that that tiny pea , pretty and blue , was the earth .
jay wore hawaiian - print bermuda shorts , an unbuttoned pea coat , and rubber thongs .
she stared at her plate , then put her finger into the peas .
she laughed , then put a forkful of peas into her mouth .
god , cold peas , yuck !
new notebook , new peas .
so phil , i , uh , left a message yeah , she s renting a car , so do nt start the peas yet .
uh , well , sunshine felt bad that the peas were overcooked , but is she pregnant ?
back in ft . wayne i saw a bag of chick peas that was sold with a spice pack in it .
i saw your spice packets in the chick peas , and i was curious as to who made the packets for you .
jamie set the table , then opened a can of peas and put them in the microwave .
husband or no husband , the pork chops in the fridge were going into the frying pan , and if claude missed dinner again he could eat his chops cold , by himself , along with cold peas , cold mashed potato , and whatever tapioca pudding remained , which would nt be much since joan promised to finish off the bowl herself before leaving any for him to enjoy .
she pushed the microwave button to unlatch the glass door , removed a steaming dish of peas with the tips of her index fingers , and shoved the glass door closed with her elbow .
there were two tins of heinz baked beans , half a canister of split peas , a jar of honey the top half of which had crystallised , an almost empty jar of vegemite , two cans of campbells condensed soup , and a tin of spam .
the privately boarded horses were generally cleaned up and set right for the night early on , but when parker entered the barn he could smell the stench of horseshit and rotting , pea - soaked hay .
the smallest tub had cold - congealed gravy , the next contained generous amounts of peas and carrots and the biggest held enough shepherds pie for four people .
strange and good things at the same time , nomi , i uttered and sighed , reduced to the size of a shriveled pea , humbled by my awkwardly constructed sentence and the hot beads of sweat that were rolling down my cheeks as i stood before this beautiful woman .
in a big borrowed pea coat and woolen mittens , laura was already warmed by the long walk from the farmhouse to the beach , when ian took her hand in his .
but there s a pea under my pillow .
mother who was always in the kitchen at night , and was tending a roast and some peas , stepped into the den that we had enclosed and looked out under the sash of the window in the back door .
those couches and living rooms with fake peas on plates .
one night i saw the peas rearranging themselves on the plate .
bowtie macaroni , sweet potato , peas , carrots , corn , sliced apples , chicken livers and ground turkey .
she tossed the meat and caramelized apples into a large bowl then mixed the steamy food with a can of sweet peas and corn .
he was steering a row of sweet peas onto his fork .
they were two peas in a pod at one point , mayo offered .
i like to see all the new things they have out there , and after all a responsible shopper ca nt just buy the first brand of canned peas that happens to be at eye level on the shelf .
it looks like well be having meatloaf and peas tonight .
he s lucky to get the meat loaf and peas .
i pushed the plate back on the table , the few left over black - eyed peas rolling around in the creamy tomato sauce of the meatloaf .
eldred sat alone at his table in the cafeteria , eating his peas and onions .
these particular diamonds were not mountains of light they were mere peas and haricots for the ears , neck and hair ; but they were worth some thousands , and grandcourt wished to have them for his wife .
i confess that i have always held lightly by your account of mordecai ; but now i have given ear to him in person , i find him really a sort of philosophical - allegorical - mystical believer , and yet so sharp that any argumentative rattler of peas in a bladder might soon be pricked into silence by him .
his mother pressed him into her side while she drained the canned peas with her other arm .
he was about as welcomed as a sidewinder in the split pea soup .
you have a mean streak in you , he told kasey as peas rolled over the tabletop .
blue runs in circles around me when i work in the yard , picking black - eyed peas or corn or squash .
as i close the bathroom door , i smell black - eyed peas in the fresh air .
she has the baby in one arm , balanced on her hip and stirring the pot of peas with the other .
i sat on his pea green couch .
drawn in by vibrant images of ripe , red tomatoes , baskets heaped full of succulent cucumbers , peas , green beans , sweet corn , and pumpkins too large to carry , he would read every description imagining how wonderful the harvest would taste .
that s why she and riley get along ; two peas in a pod .
but all he heard the man say was something that sounded like , pass the can of peas .
you and your pretty sergeant seem inseparable ; like peas in a pod my dad would say .
de la pea looked at his boss .
de la pea phoned captain moffat .
jeans roast seitan with porcini mushroom sauce was just five minutes from the table when moffat spoke to de la pea .
de la pea jogged across the grass and sidewalk to meet moffat as he opened the car door .
moffat and de la pea walked back to the street to meet dr . lisa mcdonald .
de la pea shook her hand then , as she pulled the paper bunny suit over her clothes , reported what little they knew so far .
moffat sent de la pea ahead to find the occupants of the ministers cottage .
* * * de la pea walked a stone path between the church and the fellowship hall up the hill toward the ministers cottage .
seeing no lights on in the cottage , de la pea considered the possibility that something may have happened to the minister and his wife .
ah de la pea cried out involuntarily as he saw a towering man with narrow shoulders , a long neck with bulging adams apple and large intense eyes above dark circles and sunken cheeks .
de la pea stepped back .
reverend pane was as startled as de la pea .
de la pea quickly recovered and identified himself properly .
moffat and de la pea identified themselves and told the ministers wife about the homicide .
moffat and de la pea followed the panes to the right through a large arched opening into the dining room .
de la pea asked reverend pane .
de la pea then said , well need to know where everyone was this evening .
sergeant de la pea began to decline when moffat interrupted .
moffat had a runners build with long , lean muscles , lacking the extensive upper body development - biceps and chest - that de la pea gained through five years of weight lifting .
catherine hesitated , and looked from moffat to de la pea .
de la pea stopped her saying they would need to speak to franke alone .
de la pea pushed the dresser out from the wall , peered behind then returned it to its original position .
de la pea pushed the window open .
de la pea returned to the ground floor to check there and outside .
* * * while moffat was upstairs , de la pea walked through the ground floor rooms , peering under and around two large sofas in the living room and a hutch in the dining room .
de la pea exited through the kitchen door and surveyed the back and side yards .
de la pea walked nearly to the end and approached a large , rusty oil drum .
* * * sergeant de la pea guided the camaro gently up the shrub - lined driveway and stopped in front of the garage .
as de la pea broke the news , moffat observed gillis reaction .
de la pea asked where were you from five oclock until now , mr . gillis ?
de la pea continued .
seeing de la peas head tilt and eyebrow rise , gillis added , that happens a lot .
de la pea disconnected and carried out the sole computer in the house .
de la pea stopped .
ok , mrs . g , de la pea insisted .
de la pea opened her mailbox .
* * * de la pea thought the morning briefing went quite well .
* * * de la pea parked an unmarked , segovia p.d .
de la pea recognized the first name from michelles statement .
de la pea closed his notebook and walked to the door .
learning of the visitor in the sports car , de la pea grew angry .
de la pea realized that moffat had guessed the bicyclist michelle saw was the victims nephew .
de la pea was still fuming about aaron .
de la pea walked across the driveway and lawn .
~ ~ ~ chapter 4 at the corner of miners flat town square moffat stepped out of the s.u.v leaving de la pea with a seriously scared aaron in the backseat .
* * * during the twenty - minute drive back to the station with the officer who had pulled the gun from the cypress , moffat phoned de la pea , telling him of the photographers discovery .
he handed a slip of paper to de la pea .
after a short delay , de la pea entered the room .
de la pea asked : what is your relationship with scott ?
de la pea leaned toward the boy .
de la pea regretted the words as soon as he spoke them .
de la pea removed his jacket , walked to the corner and hung it neatly on a coat rack .
in the hall , de la pea raised his hands , palms up , silently asking moffat what did i do ?
during his absence , de la pea asked about the elder contis contacts with gillis .
as they walked through the office , scott said to de la pea say hello to aaron for me .
de la pea could not imagine why his boss let them go so quickly .
moffat interrupted de la peas musings .
at the entrance to the cafeteria , de la pea pulled two plastic trays from the stack , handing one to moffat .
de la pea greeted the two ladies working the grill and steam table .
moffat turned to de la pea with an amused look .
de la pea , cheered now , shrugged .
at a table by a plate glass window with a view of the mountains , de la pea salted his potatoes and thought he would bring up aaron jamison .
~ ~ ~ chapter 5 for the second time thursday , moffat rode with de la pea to miners flat .
de la pea parked in the lot near a sign that read gillis executive real estate group .
moffat displayed his badge and he and de la pea followed rees to a glass - walled office at the corner .
de la pea asked .
he turned to de la pea .
de la pea thanked rees and accepted a business card .
de la pea looked up from his notebook and gave a short whistle .
a disappointed de la pea complained i thought you said you had something .
de la pea lowered his head .
mrs . grubb and officer tashara came up on each side of moffat as he stood behind de la pea with his hands on the top of the chair .
de la pea moved the cursor to close the window .
de la pea located 6:03 on the file .
de la pea moved the video back .
de la pea became exited .
de la pea offered with a chuckle .
moffat had left de la pea working with the officers assembling statements from the neighbors whose homes surrounded the crime scene .
de la pea did nt think it necessary for the boss to interrupt his evening but assumed moffat had his reasons .
* * * outside of nicole davis home , officer ryan wilson showed de la pea where the assailant had apparently parked .
de la pea returned to the front of the house soon after moffat arrived .
nicole thought a moment then put her shoes on and stood next to de la pea .
she looked behind de la pea and said he did nt have a cute butt .
she looked at de la pea .
de la pea walked with moffat to his car , discussing the prospects for apprehending the assailant .
i m meeting de la pea early for an interview .
she placed a second plate before de la pea .
donna sat at the red vinyl booth next to de la pea .
now de la pea removed his notebook from the inside pocket of his jacket .
de la pea smiled .
de la pea laughed .
donna and de la pea both laughed then she added , a lot of women do nt tip much .
de la pea asked , how are policemen .
* * * any time out of the office appealed to de la pea .
de la pea was just a bit nervous .
de la peas maneuver in the parking lot jostled him , but he said nothing .
he and de la pea walked the distance of about twenty yards , watching chief halvorsen line up his eight - foot put .
he picked the ball up and , along with county executive george doyle , joined moffat and de la pea walking back to the golf carts .
the chief welcomed de la pea to the force with a giant smile and combination one - armed hug and crushing handshake .
he introduced de la pea to doyle .
taken by surprise , de la pea opened his mouth but found he had nothing to say .
moffat and de la pea were both aware of the correlation between meth use and compulsive sexual behavior .
they drove down a slight grade toward the fourteenth tee , followed closely by de la pea and moffat .
* * * moffat and de la pea reached the front porch of cheryl haugens brown , two story in a densely packed neighborhood of the 1970s expansion of miners flat , east of the old town just as cheryl pulled into her driveway .
when they were seated , cheryl at the edge of a recliner and moffat and de la pea deep in a low couch , moffat thanked her for her cooperation in the investigation of the death of veronica gillis .
de la pea opened his notebook and took down the necessary biographical information .
de la pea read on for a few seconds then added no prescribed drug that might have shown up as meth on the blood test .
mrs . grubb sat across the desk from de la pea , pouring tea from a pot into two mugs .
she added milk and sugar to each , stirred , then passed one cup to de la pea and , leaning back in the chair , she sipped from the second cup .
de la pea paused for a few seconds than added , what did you think of the mother ?
de la pea quickly listed the reverend pane , mrs . pane , cheryl haugen , scott conti , an unknown lover , and unknown business associate .
seeing de la peas eyebrows rise , he added do nt get your hopes up .
moffat would catch a ride with de la pea to a 12:30 p.m. memorial service at the miners flat boys and girls club sports complex .
de la pea was engaged in the same activity as his boss and mrs . pane .
moffat and de la pea met as they followed the throng .
raymond satos intuition brought moffat and de la pea back early this day from miners flat .
raymond sat in this office sunday afternoon when moffat and de la pea following the directions of two members of the weekend staff , arrived at his open doorway .
sato introduced himself to de la pea then inquired about jean and allison before explaining the purpose of his call to chief halvorsen .
moffat held the page between himself and de la pea and read silently .
name withheld by request * * * de la pea saw that moffat wore a frown from start to finish .
moffat turned to de la pea .
~ ~ ~ chapter 13 moffat held his keys in his hand as he walked ahead of de la pea from the stairwell to the door of the detectives office .
that s quite a network of spies you have mrs . g. de la pea shook his head , impressed .
de la pea powered up his desktop computer then did the same for moffats .
de la pea opened the case log from 2003 .
de la pea called out the digits of the case number as moffat wrote them next to amy prices name .
de la pea read aloud from the file : name : amy elaine price , age 32 , height 54 , 115 lbs . , blond hair , blue eyes .
de la pea spoke .
she put a spoonful of sugar in each , stirred and offered one cup to de la pea .
moffat observed that the crusts had been removed from four of the six half sandwiches including the one de la pea held .
while he ate , de la pea opened the database and manipulated it to prepare a listing of the same crimes and missing persons - for female subjects only -- dating back to 1980 .
am i mistaken , mrs . grubb , or are you trying to turn sergeant de la pea into a proper englishman ?
~ ~ ~ chapter 15 de la pea collected the dishes , cups and teapot and placed them in the sink of the break room .
of the file storage boxes of case files already in their possession from the ongoing open case review , de la pea selected less than a quarter .
de la pea walked to the end of the parking lot , got in his car and backed it to the bottom of the stairway .
taking just seconds to drop off her sweater and large bag , mrs . grubb showed de la pea to the records room .
moffat and de la pea decided to review the remaining files beginning with the most recent and working backwards through the four decades of cases .
de la pea occasionally asked for help deciphering an officers handwritten notes .
de la pea concurred that this one would be added to the return stack .
in a 1984 case that struck both moffat and de la pea as unusual but unrelated to their current search , two unrelated women ages 47 and 49 , living together in a large trailer twelve miles from segovia and three miles from the nearest residence , were killed by a propane gas tank explosion and fire that was determined not to be accidental .
de la pea followed moffat to a booth on the wall opposite the entrance .
de la pea glanced down the drink menu and quickly selected magners irish cider .
it was quite unexpected but some quick research about his new boss , within the force and via the internet , convinced de la pea that this was a lucky turn .
de la pea gave these reasons to moffat .
de la pea tasted his drink .
de la pea described a big family , two older brothers , two younger sisters and a third brother , the youngest .
de la pea attempted to sound casual in his reply .
de la pea realized that moffat was zeroing in on his primary reason for leaving los angeles .
de la pea was impressed that the captain had so quickly arrived at this point .
de la pea thought to himself , yeah , among other things .
de la pea looked at moffat , wondering what kind of reaction he would have .
when moffat said nothing , de la pea resumed .
de la pea stared into his glass .
de la pea worried that with him gone from the scene , those two might target steven .
true to moffats prediction , he questioned de la pea about his reasons for leaving los angeles .
he was fascinated as de la pea gave him a version of the story he had just told moffat that covered only his brothers potential to harm the family name within the l.a.p.d , omitting the details of earlier life within the family .
then he took their dinner order , cheese and onion pasty with chips and beans for moffat , fish and chips for de la pea .
de la pea nodded .
it was this version he provided de la pea during dinner at the pub .
moffat told de la pea he had the good fortune to ask himself why the killer had selected the newspaper reporter to receive his latest letter .
* * * moffat concluded the story telling de la pea how the case quickly made him a local celebrity .
de la pea decided to probe some himself .
also moffat paused then tilted his head slightly , looking de la pea directly in the eye .
de la pea imagined that moffat had acquired a fair share of departmental enemies over the years .
at his kitchen counter , de la pea poured a glass of orange juice and drank it , still standing .
some of the officers held the summary of pertinent facts de la pea and moffat had prepared after returning from the pub the night before .
mrs . grubb had arrived before de la pea and had brought the box of case files moffat and de la pea had selected for review .
they looked at de la pea and then laughed loudly .
de la pea walked to the table and looked over langs shoulder .
without sitting , de la pea clicked onto the internet , brought up the on - line version of the newspaper and the article on franke .
de la pea e - mailed the article to himself , moffat and mrs . grubb .
sergeant de la pea handed out assignments , expanding on the information in the briefing sheets .
de la pea quoted his old lieutenant at lapd homicide : we want to know if any of these people used the same brand of toothpaste .
moffat then called de la pea and told him to join the force heading to miners flat .
~ ~ ~ chapter 21 moffat phoned de la pea .
de la pea followed moffats instruction .
de la pea paused then added and we do nt want you to hurt yourself , aaron .
hold your fire , de la pea repeated .
de la pea rode in the back seat with aaron as the car took them to segovia .
neither moffat nor de la pea got a close look at aarons handgun at that time .
de la pea accepted a plastic bottle of water and sat at the nearest chair responding to questions coming rapidly from one then another of several police personnel .
moffat and de la pea met moments later .
de la pea offered , shaking his head .
de la pea spread mayonnaise on the bun of a cheeseburger then placed it a top the sandwich .
de la pea tilted his head .
de la pea looked down at his sandwich the asked quickly what happened at the real estate office ?
tonight , he described aaron , his family situation ( what moffat had learned of it during the investigation of his aunts murder ) , the shaky interrogation attempt by de la pea and the sad and lonely picture they got of him at his aunts memorial service .
de la pea was worried that it may have been his fault .
~ ~ ~ chapter 22 tuesday , may 16 at seven thirty tuesday morning de la pea entered the conference room carrying a large coffee and a breakfast sandwich , picked up at the drive thru on the way in .
moffat arrived less that a minute after de la pea .
de la pea walked to the first table of the other row and set down his coffee cup .
de la pea frowned .
de la pea placed his half - eaten sandwich , in its wrapper , next to the cup and wiped his hands with a napkin .
right , captain , de la pea responded .
he then sat at his desk and was about to begin planning for the brainstorming session when he was drawn to the sight of sergeant de la pea staring intently at a projection screen at the front of the room .
haugen claimed she had not left the house , but she had also told moffat and de la pea that she made no phone calls , a claim they now knew was false .
de la pea walked first to his desk and moved the mouse to disengage the screen saver and display the shared file once again projected on the large screen .
most of the seven , including de la pea , accepted a donut from the pink box at tasharas work station .
de la pea pointed to the screen .
at 4:30 , moffat and de la pea met to discuss the direction of the investigation .
de la pea arrived first and passed mrs . martius without speaking as he entered the interview room .
de la pea looked at moffats computer monitor .
de la pea reached for the photo of christine shaw , then stopped , his index finger pressing just below the picture .
fat was still at the computer , moving the cursor to reveal new satellite views of the city and county in response to new addresses being read out by de la pea and the rest of the team .
that s near where sergeant de la pea lives .
oh , no , de la pea laughed .
easy to break in to , de la pea answered first .
from de la pea came yeah .
de la pea answered .
moffat and mrs . grubb joined them and de la pea began .
de la pea countered .
later , de la pea printed an updated version of the 25 case data base , sending it to a printer on the first floor which would print the document on 11x17 inch paper .
de la pea seemed slightly elated .
* * * de la pea received the most attention .
in casual clothes de la pea looked very young .
de la pea would visit the laundromat , evaluate vantage points for observation and , as appropriate , arrange with a business across the street to use a room on the second floor with a view of the laundromat .
de la pea called out .
de la pea finished his overview of plans for the day .
de la pea stared at mrs . grubb then at moffat he brings a gun to high school , threatens students and police , spends three days in the psychiatric ward and that s it ?
de la pea shook his head .
moffat had seen the room the first night when wade gillis showed moffat and de la pea to his wifes computer .
beyond this yard farther behind the house was a neatly maintained garden with mature plants of peas , lettuce , broccoli and cabbage .
* * * at five p.m. , de la pea stood to the side of a window in the second story storage room above the segovia hardware store peering through binoculars at the entrance to the laundromat .
de la pea was accustomed to three meals and three ( or more ) snacks per day .
de la pea was pleased at the professional tone of the meeting - no sarcasm , jokes or heckling even from lang and schoenberg .
de la pea was also pleased to have been able to tell moffat , when he offered to help , that the plan did not require moffat to take up a post himself in the stakeout .
de la pea would have fat come back after closing time to collect surveillance videos for review tomorrow at the station by tashara .
de la pea remembered then with some envy the new digital surveillance system at the miners flat minimart - the one that caught scott conti in a lie about his alibi for veronica gilliss murder .
de la pea expected it would be harder to use and would provide video with less resolution , but he thought it would serve their purpose on this operation .
officer peake , in a parked car two blocks north of the laundromat , waited for word from de la pea that mclean was moving .
the peakes meals were placed before them just as her cell phone rang with the call from de la pea requesting three to go orders .
de la pea took her call moments later .
~ ~ ~ chapter 36 barely five minutes before de la pea took his first bite of a grilled ham and cheese sandwich , moffat and jean sat down to a dinner of grilled wild alaskan sockeye salmon seasoned with lemon and fresh herbs .
~ ~ ~ chapter 37 friday , may 19 schoenberg saw the light come on in the bungalow and reached for de la peas cell phone on the table next to monitor no .
schoenberg passed the phone to de la pea .
de la pea called duncan .
schoenberg went home , sergeant de la pea drove to headquarters so that he could be in radio and telephone contact with mclean and her escorts during the drive to the winery .
peake phoned de la pea who was by now at police headquarters in the communication center with officer tashara .
peake reported status to de la pea .
mclean phoned de la pea that she had been unable to get the nissans plate number which was obscured by a coating of dried mud but , in any case , the car had passed before she could get a good look .
de la pea considered asking him to wait for the sentra driver to get back on the road but concluded it might be hours and would consume too much of the volunteers time .
also , if this were actually the suspect , de la pea did nt want to risk scaring him off too early in the operation .
de la pea would wait for more information on the nissan and its driver .
at 8:15 , peake joined de la pea and tashara at the communication center .
de la pea discussed the plan for the rest of the morning and the afternoon with the others .
de la pea looked at moffat .
de la peas face revealed his disappointment .
moffat and de la pea left tashara and peake at the communication center and walked across the ground floor of the administration building to the task forces now deserted home in the team center .
~ ~ ~ chapter 38 leaving de la pea to complete his planning , moffat sat at one of the empty desks and opened his file folder and notes of the gillis case .
moffat wondered how de la pea had managed to gather this information , given his activity on the davies / price task force .
a couple of hours sleep and i feel great , de la pea responded .
de la pea brought the team up to date on the reappearance of the sentra .
an hour earlier , when tashara returned with the surveillance video tapes , she and de la pea wired the vcr to the input jack of his computer and created short video files of the middle aged man identified by mclean .
de la pea addressed the group .
de la peas was still elated .
next de la pea reviewed plans with the team for repeat visits to the laundromat and dennys before mclean would return home about the same time as the previous night .
de la pea and fat would relieve lang at the van , spending the night observing the rear of the bungalow .
de la pea recognized the new man from the gym .
fat and de la pea made themselves laugh silently to avoid attracting attention to the van , but they were an appreciative audience .
in the van , the dentist lightened the load of the long hours of surveillance with entertaining stories from dental school , most concerning the antics of a brilliant but immature fellow student whose presence in the dental profession somewhere in california sent fear into fats and de la peas hearts .
the dentist stayed an extra two hours to bridge a scheduling gap , then he and de la pea turned the surveillance over to two officers borrowed from the patrol division .
back at his apartment de la pea showered and fell into bed , barely dry .
in spite of moffats guess that nicoles attacker would strike again soon , de la pea worried that the decoy operation would drag on for many more days .
two discoveries were made saturday but would be unknown to de la pea and moffat for two to three days .
sunday night de la pea worked the bungalow watch again , managing only three hours of frequently interrupted sleep , ending around 3:00 a.m .
remembering a similar vehicle on the road during mcleans friday night drive from the winery to the laundromat , the officers reported it to de la pea .
de la pea checked the task force records from friday .
it seemed to de la pea it was late in the operation to introduce a new vehicle but he notified all the task force participants to watch for the ford as well as the nissan .
moments later , de la pea read an e - mail from the san leandro police .
de la pea shook his head in frustration .
tashara reported for her shift at one but ten minutes passed before she looked at de la pea .
de la pea told him about the white truck from the morning commute and the report from san leandro p.d .
moffat turned back to de la pea .
he and de la pea waited several minutes while the officer who had e - mailed de la pea the information about the etcells was brought on the line .
he and de la pea waited several minutes while the officer who had e - mailed de la pea the information about the etcells was brought on the line .
moffat smiled at de la pea , who made a note to comply with his promise , then moffat gave his phone number to mrs . ballard .
de la pea thought he could guess what line moffat was now pursuing and was not at all surprised when moffat repeated what he had been told by his old friend .
moffat paused and seemed to be looking inward then turned his intense gaze to de la pea .
de la pea visualized the capture scenario as moffat spoke .
the activity of the teleconferences and subsequent planning had given de la pea a lift but now he suddenly felt the effects of sleep deprivation .
moffat suggested that de la pea go home , reminding him that they could not predict when the suspect might be seen again , that it could as easily be days rather than hours and that the team had to be ready for the longer duration .
de la pea did not answer .
seeing the interest in de la peas face , moffat could tell de la pea wanted to accompany him .
~ ~ ~ chapter 49 that afternoon , moffat drove his toyota highlander de la pea reclined the passenger seat and within minutes was sleeping peacefully .
on the floorboard next to de la peas left foot , moffats portfolio rested against the side of the stereo console .
de la pea began to awaken slowly when moffat turned into the high school parking lot .
de la pea trotted away from moffat to pick up the ball .
de la pea pulled back his right arm and with a snap of his wrist hurled the baseball over the outfielder and two infielders in a direct line to home plate .
moffat watched and noted that de la peas perfect throw of about 320 feet would easily have caught any runner trying to score on a sacrifice fly .
for de la pea , the sun , the blue sky , the smell of the grass and the feel of the ball combined to send him back in his baseball memories of eighteen springs from age five when he played tee - ball to his last season of college baseball at age 22 .
de la pea moved to gillis left side and opened the portfolio to give gillis a view of the evidence bag and its content .
de la pea sighed but said nothing .
de la pea made notes .
moffat looked at an enthusiastic de la pea and smiled .
when schoenberg returned to the line , lang asked , where s de la pea ?
de la pea did nt freak .
de la pea slept soundly from 1:00 am to 8:00 on a foldout cot in the communication center .
moffat went home for a shower and a change of clothes and met de la pea in the cafeteria for breakfast and more planning and waiting .
the only difference was that de la pea added a half teaspoon of sugar to his coffee .
moffat and de la pea turned their conversation to observations of the previous days events .
de la pea acknowledged that , after the surge of excitement upon learning of the sentra sighting , the rest of the day and night had been a disappointment .
seeing that de la pea had finished eating , he pushed his own plate to the side and leaned across the table .
de la pea slid his tray to the side as well and leaned toward moffat i think i d like earlier warning , the sergeant said .
she placed her left hand on sergeant de la peas shoulder as she approached .
fat handed de la pea several typed sheets attached by paperclip to a 10 by 13 mailing envelope .
de la pea flipped over the stack of papers and saw the return address : california bureau of investigation and intelligence sacramento cbi ?
de la pea passed the papers to moffat .
de la pea shouted .
he looked up at de la pea shaking his head .
moffat put his chin on his hand and sat motionless , his unblinking eyes staring beyond de la pea .
he spoke to de la pea .
de la pea shrugged .
~ ~ ~ chapter 52 de la pea was an hour into his shift in the car on one end of horseshoe drive .
de la pea lowered the two front windows , letting in cool , grass scented air .
de la pea and the other two officers in the cars as well as moffat and tashara at the station heard the message .
de la pea constructed a mental image -- birds eye view -- of the terrain , buildings and a solitary hiker .
de la pea listened intently for langs next words .
de la pea noticed the change from lang to fat , was momentarily curious then radioed for all units to move as soon as fat reported the intruder had entered the bungalow .
de la pea looked for baldwins vehicle moving more slowly from the gravel area .
de la pea signaled to duncan who relayed to becker that they were in position .
there was a faint creak as de la pea stepped toward the door .
de la pea listened for any sound from inside the bungalow .
with his right shoulder pressed against the wall next to the door , his gun in his right hand , de la pea turned the lock without a sound .
its lock had been removed and her action was just as silent as de la peas had been .
de la pea nodded to duncan .
the door moved a half - inch then stopped , resisting de la peas push .
de la pea moved back behind the wall .
living rooms empty , de la pea shouted .
were going into the living room , de la pea reported .
now , he saw de la pea and then duncan rush through the doorway , both watching the hall that they knew led to the bedroom before it took a right turn to the bathroom behind the kitchen .
de la pea walked to the beginning of the hall .
de la pea entered the bedroom followed by duncan .
de la pea listened for any sound but heard nothing .
de la pea pulled back the first two doors , exposing an empty space - just the pole and shelf .
the closet is empty , the bedrooms clear , de la pea reported .
de la pea carefully turned the knob .
as de la pea reached for the doorknob , he and duncan on the inside and baldwin on the outside , all heard a muffled sound from somewhere inside the house .
de la pea looked above his head , searching for some kind of attic access .
alarmed and suddenly angry , de la pea pushed open the closet door .
de la pea thought it looked sloppy , placed at an angle to the wall and furnace with one corner folded under .
before de la pea could radio the others , even before he had opened the service closet door , from under the house , the intruder silently moved a 2 by 3 wooden lattice that covered an opening in the foundation on the south side of the bungalow .
at this time , de la pea called out he s under the house .
moffat suggested de la pea go home and get some sleep .
de la pea nodded , waiting for more .
oh , de la pea nodded slowly .
moffat turned to de la pea who began reading from pages in a thick file .
de la pea returned to the file , flipping pages .
de la pea continued reading .
mrs . grubb had been resting her head on her right hand , her eyes unfocused ; she seemed to be gazing at a point above de la peas head .
moffat stood to see over de la peas shoulder .
~ ~ ~ chapter 55 mrs . grubb and de la pea listened to moffats phone conversation with lewis frankes niece .
you ll need this , mrs . grubb said handing de la pea a slip of paper with the model numbers , serial numbers and government property identification numbers of the stolen office equipment .
* * * de la pea backed his mustang from its space in the parking lot .
moments later , moffat and de la pea stood in the motor pool compound with the county employee responsible for the vehicles .
de la pea pulled his eyes away from the charger to ask the attendant there s a county - wide manhunt going on .
* * * de la pea was so happy to be behind the wheel of the charger that he was smiling as he accelerated from the last segovia city traffic signal .
although they were fifteen minutes early , when de la pea parked the charger on the street in line with the red concrete path to the house janice russell met them at the curb .
noticing de la pea coming around the car toward them , she smiled broadly and said who s this ?
de la pea set the machine on the desk behind them .
moffat stepped away to let de la pea get to the typewriter .
wowman de la pea set the typewriter in the center of the desk .
moffat and de la pea began a thorough search of the office .
de la pea lifted the typewriter .
de la pea was immediately struck by how small the room was .
de la pea shifted in his chair and scowled .
pane turned his stare to de la pea but with no expression .
this was the situation relayed on police radio when moffat and de la pea returned to the charger after the pane interview .
as de la pea pulled onto the road - miners flats main street , moffat grasped the microphone and radioed sergeant clark that they were available to participate in the new search and were proceeding south on state route 84 .
de la pea accelerated to eighty through a relatively straight section of the road leading to the northern part of the woods that now hid the fugitives vehicle .
now in the woods , de la pea rounded a sharp curve to the right and saw the sentra two hundred yards ahead approaching at high speed .
he s turning , de la pea shouted .
de la pea braked the charger sharply and turned right onto a single lane road overgrown with grass , the pavement revealed only where wheels of occasional vehicles kept down the vegetation .
moffat noted the skill with which de la pea guided the charger , gaining steadily on the sentra .
he ca nt outrun us in this , de la pea shouted to moffat pushing gently on the gas pedal , he closed within two car lengths of the sentra and prepared to follow it to a roadblock soon to be established on the road a few miles ahead .
de la pea applied slightly more pressure to the accelerator and the charger again closed the distance .
de la peas attempt to avoid the deer sent the charger into a skid .
there was no sound from de la pea .
de la pea was still unconscious .
de la pea came to during the ride to the hospital but seemed to moffat to be a bit dazed .
moffat and de la pea were examined , treated and moved to a corner of the emergency room .
when the chief arrived , de la pea lay on a stretcher covered with a blanket , moffat beside him seated in a yellow , vinyl - covered chair .
when asked by the chief , how he was feeling , de la pea complained of a mild headache and thirst .
chief halvorsen filled a paper cup with water from a nearby sink and helped de la pea sit up to drink it .
de la pea and chief halvorsen listened .
halvorsen leaned toward de la pea and whispered wow .
* * * by the time they finished the dinner dishes , jean had extracted nearly all the pertinent facts of the car chase and accident with the exception of the suspects few steps toward moffat and de la pea with the revolver .
moffat was relieved to have the conversation turn to de la peas driving habits .
~ ~ ~ chapter 58 thursday , may 25 moffat and de la pea met outside the police communication center of the county administration building , both on their way to an eight a.m. briefing on the manhunt .
moffat and de la pea received a standing ovation when they walked through the door .
he spoke to de la pea then the two of them approached captains hughes and moffat at the front of the room with chief halvorsen .
de la pea turned on his computer and projector and brought up the database of crimes and missing persons moffats team had begun to investigate ten days earlier .
de la pea looked to moffat how do you want to handle it ?
moffat spoke as de la pea projected the google satellite image of the farmhouse northeast of segovia .
also , this time captain moffat , sergeant de la pea and four investigators of the forensics services unit accompanied the two young police officers .
then he saw de la pea and duncan in front of a machine .
moffat left duncan and de la pea in the barn and walked back to the cluster of parked vehicles near the garage .
standing in the center amidst the conversations of manhunt operations management , moffat and de la pea briefly considered working on the gillis investigation but admitted their minds would be on the hunt for the fugitive and the dna testing of the toiletries from the farmhouse .
de la pea caught up with sergeant clark and volunteered to help .
later in the day he would pull de la pea back to work it with him .
de la pea turned his headphones over to another officer just in time to walk with mrs . grubb and dr . mcdonald through the center to the doorway of the conference room .
de la pea exhaled with force .
moffat pulled his copy of de la peas spread sheet from his notebook .
* * * moffat and de la pea walked out together .
a quick glance at his sergeants face told moffat that de la pea had something he wanted to do .
moffat left a voice message for de la pea saying he would pick him up at seven and they would have breakfast at the miners flat caf .
* * * moffat , de la pea and dale buck climbed into a black and white chevy tahoe suv .
de la pea drove up the road , passing the open gate and came to a stop in the open area between the house and the garage .
moffat and de la pea followed him along the fence .
shielding his eyes from the sun , de la pea scanned the view .
de la pea grasped moffats elbow and pulled him gently so that both their backs were turned toward buck .
de la pea listened as moffat phoned the chief .
de la pea led them to the hall where a two by three - foot piece of plywood painted to match the ceiling covered an opening to the space above .
de la pea shone the light and saw rungs of a wooden ladder that was attached directly to the wall studs .
de la pea tapped on the interior of the wall .
and some plastic bags with de la pea picked up the nearest bag and examined its contents .
moffat passed the saw to de la pea and while the sergeant created an exit for himself , moffat found the first of the documents they had been seeking since yesterday .
several minutes later , buck helped de la pea step through the opening into the room .
de la pea turned on a hose , let it run for a few seconds then , leaning over , held the it above his head , washing the dust from his hair and face .
ethan looked at moffat then de la pea with curiosity .
de la pea placed six photographs at the end of the table .
the little boy slid off the chair and walked to moffats side , looking with him at de la peas display .
de la pea lay out another six photos .
he collected the photos and moved next to de la pea now standing and watching ethan who had returned to his crayons and picture .
de la pea pretended to loosen his tie and laughing said , oh , i m not too sure about that , mrs . slater .
moffat nodded smiling then said to de la pea : it seems we can eliminate extramarital activity on the part of lewis franke as a motive for the murder .
de la pea also grew excited .
donna looked at de la pea then moffat , trying to determine if they really did nt know another fact about sandra .
de la pea asked , shaking his head .
the waitress arrived with two large plates - a denver omelet with fruit bowl for moffat , scrambled eggs with bacon and hash browns for de la pea - and a small plate with a half sandwich of tuna salad for donna .
* * * sometime earlier , before moffat and de la pea left for their latest visit to miners flat , mrs . grubb walked into a large room at the back of the first floor of the historic ledger dispatch building .
* * * ok , sergeant , we ve got some time now to work on this undisturbed , moffat said to de la pea who , since they returned from miners flat , had removed his coat , retrieved the gillis and smith homicide investigation files and placed them on space at the end of his desk where it abutted moffats desk .
moffat paused and looked at de la pea to elicit his thoughts .
de la pea drummed with both hands on the table .
de la pea jotted several lines of notes .
moffat had noticed this was de la peas way of identifying topics for future action .
de la pea made a note , then dropped his pen and picked up the yellow highlighter .
de la pea stopped then added , i do nt know how she would find out .
~ ~ ~ chapter 65 de la pea displayed a wide smile .
moffat could see de la pea was excited by the news .
she opened one set , flipped several pages over and handed it to de la pea , then did the same with the other set for moffat .
de la pea passed the article across the desk .
de la pea began to read .
while de la pea searched for an answer about panes gun , moffat returned to mrs . grubbs folder of news stories .
* * * across the table , de la pea was not ready to give up in his search for information about arthur panes 1970 arrest .
a senior clerk in the records office located panes name on the march 22 , 1970 activity log but told de la pea there was no report of any kind in the file for the arrest .
de la pea believed a second officer had been involved in the incident based on the wording of the newspaper story .
de la pea phoned a dozen officers who were on the force at the time .
finally , de la pea phoned edward gordon , the reserve officer at miners flat .
de la pea put his head on his fist , frowning .
de la pea dropped his head to his chest , and then shook it slowly back and forth .
from behind de la pea , she called out do nt feel so bad , jason .
de la pea slapped his forehead .
* * * at 3:55 , when officer tashara came in , de la peas face had returned to its normal color .
de la pea stood and turned off the set .
halvorsen looked at de la pea .
moffat realized he and de la pea would have to review each of the draft folders corresponding to these names to look for any connection with lewis franke , sandra smith or veronica gillis .
for every name on his list , he pulled up the young mans record on the dmv database , read it carefully and then printed copies in case he and de la pea might discover a connection later .
de la pea reached slowly to the floor , placing his palms down against the carpet , feeling his hamstring tendons lengthening with the slow movement .
de la pea listened hopefully for some word of success in the statewide manhunt .
both the chief and captain moffat seemed to accept the failure to capture buck with much more equanimity than de la pea could muster .
from two hundred feet away in the outfield , de la pea fired the ball directly to home plate to the catcher who tagged the runner easily for the third out .
de la pea followed her to the plate .
de la pea cocked the bat over his right shoulder then swung it up in a matching arc striking the ball squarely with the thick part of the bat .
de la pea dropped the bat and began to trot toward first base .
de la pea hit it sharply to the outfield where it bounced between the center fielder and the left fielder , the latter chasing it down at the fence and throwing it to the third baseman .
duncan scored easily and de la pea stopped at second with a double .
a single scored de la pea , then a triple scored the tying run .
a rally by the police in the top of the sixth , capped by a two - run home run by de la pea , gave them the lead for good .
at the edge of the dugout , moffat and de la pea had a short but intense conversation before de la pea gathered his equipment and followed his teammates on the run to the locker room .
de la pea joined the moffats and mrs . grubb in front of the widowed persons club booth .
an obnoxious , spoiled rich kid , de la pea replied .
no , now de la pea laughed .
moffat , jean and de la pea applauded as the teenager operating the booth gave allison a blue teddy bear wearing a tiny miners flat tee shirt .
down the lane a bit farther , three high school sophomores , two boys and a girl , stopped de la pea .
the three hoped de la pea would be the one to silence him .
de la pea wondered whether he might be the mark in a con game but nevertheless paid $ 5 for three balls .
wait man , one of the boys said to de la pea .
de la pea slapped him on the back and handed him the remaining ball .
moffat congratulated de la pea then , whispering , said it was time to move on .
unnoticed until they were at the table , moffat and de la pea arrived .
the only sound at the table for the past several minutes were cheryls sobs muffled in her mothers shoulder and the scratching of de la peas pen across the pages of his notebook .
de la pea rejoined the people remaining at the table .
de la pea and rees stood too , almost without thinking .
de la pea shook his head , looking mystified , then nodded .
another matter drew people to de la peas table .
the pub sponsored its own softball team in a segovia city league and news of de la peas performance in the mornings game at the spring festival had reached its saturday night regulars .
those who had watched wanted to relive de la peas exciting plays in the field and at bat .
de la pea happily accommodated them .
before the night was through , he was drafted to play left field for whelans celtics - pronounced with a hard c. * * * de la pea was snoozing soundly and would continue to do so for two more hours when moffat and allison set the table for breakfast in the sun - drenched deck at the back of the house at the vineyard .
* * * while de la pea and moffat were midway though a 10k run from the outskirts of segovia across the calaveras river on a trail winding in and out of oak groves , dr . lisa mcdonald worked with her staff to identify the human remains that had been arriving in her laboratory since friday from wyman bucks remote ranch .
i have a feeling de la pea or fat will volunteer to carry out that assignment .
police captain moffat and sergeant de la pea find clues in food and drink , cosmetics , the zeroes and ones of computer hard drives and one very tidy recycling bin .
summer fixed a pork loin with homemade applesauce , fresh peas from the garden , tossed salad ( lettuce from the garden ) , raised rolls that chalcey mixed up and mint iced tea .
marlowe finished her oration , let go of his hand , and continued to eat as if this decision was nothing more than passing the peas .
summer had pulled tomatoes , squash , lettuce and sweet peas from the garden .
the obligatory mushy peas were ignored while he shovelled several chips past his numbed lips and on their way to his biological central heating boiler .
hey , sweet pea !
that s a cute little pea shooter you got there .
dinner was pork chops , mashed potatoes , and peas served on the tiny kitchen table .
pass me the peas .
slamm shoveled most of the peas onto his plate .
sanjay glanced down at his beloved , who had finished her spare rib and was attempting to reach the sauted snow peas with a scrawny arm .
if i did nt know any better i d say she was happier scanning canned peas .
he taught me to snap peas and stand a lamb chop on end to hold the juices inside .
like peas in a pod .
heck , those little pea shooters of yours will only make her angry .
reid and i get on like two peas in a pod .
she removed a packet of frozen peas and tossed them to darren who promptly nodded his thanks and pressed the cold pack against his swelling lower lip .
he picked up the frozen peas from where they had fallen and placed them back on his face .
there was a door in the back that led to their backyard where there was big pea sized pool that was enclosed by a screen .
the buttons popped off like peas from a pod and he threw the remnants of the material onto the bed .
it came with a helping of buttered mashed potatoes , carrots , peas and gravy .
no friend of mine , love said , scooping up a forkful of peas .
a visible , dull skin had formed on the surface of the rapidly cooling gravy , and the inviting gloss the butter had given the bright green peas was all but melted into oblivion .
you and my maggie are two peas in a pod !
the baby was in a high chair and the woman was feeding her some mushy peas from a plastic spoon .
they were silent for a moment , watching as mrs . collridge coaxed the baby to eat another spoonful of peas .
at least she assumed it was belle , since she could nt really see her under her stocking cap , earmuffs , two scarfs , and red pea coat .
well , pat ca nt make her , iris said closing the door behind her and picking up a candle with pastel colored sweet peas on the label .
melons , corn , peas .
he still broke beans , hulled peas and shucked corn from the little garden behind his house .
pickett , his back to the kitchen , sat in the last booth before a plate of black - eyed peas with chipped ham , listening to the rain splatter on the sidewalk .
no wonder lara and my father were like two peas in a pod .
i smiled in contentment , shutting the door of the forester and snugging my black pea coat tighter around my neck .
and , should someone be hungry , cooked food included fried fish , hot eels , pickled whelks , sheeps trotters , ham sandwiches , peas soup , hot peas , penny pies , meat puddings , and baked potatoes .
she mixed a mix of cold pre - cooked vegetables , which included some carrots , beets ( yuk ) , potatoes , and green peas , then added a sauce of sour cream , cayenne , salt and pepper .
my thoughts were rattling around in my head like peas in a tin can the whole way home .
` ` two peas in the same pod , if you ask me . ''
argus felt himself tilted from the left to the right , from the back to the front , and then suddenly elbowed in the side by a stubbly old man in a pea green overcoat who pushed his face right into argus ' neck and muttered something that sounded like ' sorry , charlie ' .
he tried to remember the man who had shoved it at him but only came up with the pea green of the coat and the stubble and the age .
two went past , and two in black pea coats and sunglasses stopped short .
ace is twenty - five years old , works at blockbuster , where he aspires to be a manager , and has the common sense of a pea .
make that a frozen pea .
a slice of overcooked beef drowning in heavy brown gravy , mashed potatoes with soggy peas .
with a plastic knife i sawed at the meat ; with a plastic fork i chased the peas all over my plate .
i mean you would nt write , ' the supermarket receipt was checked and the unexpected non - zero charge of five dollars for a can of peas was discovered .
she can eat her peas and carrots tomorrow , mom .
rat decided he and terry were of the same ilk , peas in the same pod .
the customers were enveloped in the warmth of the pub tucking into their fish and chips with mushy peas and salt house burger and chips accompanied by wine or beer and sometimes both .
he figured he would go out for lunch today after the meeting as it was going to be a long one and the ensuing follow up work would be horrendous so he would need time to prepare and think things through , and what better way to do this than with a nice pint of 6x bitter accompanied by steak and kidney pie and chips and lashings of tomato sauce , oh and a side order of peas .
the steak & kidney pie with chips , peas and gravy had been immense .
it did nt smell like some form of cannibalism as although the liver could be fried up with onion gravy , with a solid portion of potato mash and peas , he just could not see himself sitting down to a spaghetti cuore or roast pancreas surprisealthough i suppose if he was served roast pancreas it would be quite a surprise .
they were all eating fish sticks , cram included , and ignoring the side dish of peas .
` ` pea shooting contest ? ''
you like pea shooting contest .
` ` english peas ? ''
she wore an olive mock turtleneck shirt , jeans , and suede pea coat -- an outfit , she explained , bought in munich the year before .
his eyes land on daisy , who stares blankly at her rice , very interested in a pea that she unburies .
chyna took off her long black pea coat and handed it to someone to hang for her .
* * * i put on my warm winter boots and my nice hunter green wool pea coat .
even though kayla was taller , you 'd have to be blind not to see that they were two peas in a pod , with identical brown hair and eyes .
it was a way to allow people to make more sympathy casseroles stuffed with tuna and peas and sorry for your losses .
she had on a black pea coat that came to mid - thigh , and a pair of tight gray yoga pants .
i followed her out into the cool fall air , buttoning my pea coat part way up .
he unbuttoned my pea coat , one button at a time .
i unbuttoned my pea coat , slipped it off my shoulders , and let it fall to the ground .
i put on my warm winter boots and my nice hunter green wool pea coat .
and red sauce leaks from the white plastic bag , missing my pea coat and dribbling on my romper .
` ` are n't you two peas in a pod then ? ''
we 're home , sweet pea . ''
handing me the biscuits even though she did n't take one , dropping a spoonful of potatoes on my plate , giving me only a small portion of peas because i was n't hot on them ...
you take care of my little boy and make sure he eats his peas , washes behind his ears , and that you tuck him in every night sated with a smile on his face . ''
my mother gave me the evil eye as i came down the stairs and jack helped me into my gray pea coat .
` ` oomph , shit , '' i swore when she threw a bag of frozen peas that landed a bit too heavily on my crotch .
but i manage to keep my cool as i walk to the fridge , open the freezer door , and rummage until i find a bag of frozen peas .
` ` you need the peas . ''
you need to put the peas on your eye and your cheek . ''
a couple of minutes later , he 's settled at the kitchen table holding the bag of peas to his face .
` ` i guess we 're two peas in a pod , huh ? ''
she opens a freezer door to get a bag of frozen peas .
she adds another bag of frozen peas to the cart and starts walking down the aisle .
at the table , ella 's dad , lila , and ethan are sitting quietly around bowls and plates full of corn , stuffing , chicken , peas .
maybe mix it up with sweet pea and warm vanilla sugar .
those two were peas in a pod already .
i 'd gotten a package of chicken , potatoes , bread , frozen peas , and a cake mix too , hoping it would be enough to feed all the boys .
i briefly wondered if they were watching bailee again , and imagined knox smashing up some of the peas and potatoes for her dinner .
sighing , josie went back to the freezer and found a package of peas .
groaning , he forced himself to stand , limping into the bathroom while clutching the frozen peas to his ass cheek .
alex lumbered down the hall , using the wall for support , a soggy bag of peas in his hand .
as her mother often said , maddy and her father were two peas in a pod .
` ` beer and eggs with a side of peas , obviously . ''
` ` see , sweet pea .
` ` you would know if you would have been at the hearing a few months ago , sweet pea . ''
` ` you 're next , sweet pea . ''
the black - eyed peas ` ` i got ta feeling . ''
` ` sweet pea , you need bikinis and ... '' he paused then went on , ` ` bikinis .
` ` keep that shit to yourself for now , sweet pea .
` ` go to him , sweet pea , '' hawk whispered in my ear .
then i heard him ask softly , ` ` sweet pea , tab ? ''
he called gwen ` ` sweet pea '' .
` ` sweet pea , i know who i f**k , '' he shot back and i felt my body move like he 'd struck me and that 's exactly what his words felt like , a blow .
` ` oh no , sweet pea , we 're not done , '' he whispered in a scary voice and i fought my mouth dropping open again because he was back to freaking me out more than half dozen members of a biker gang and i succeeded in this endeavor mainly because his thumbs were there .
` ` clue in , sweet pea , i keep tabs . ''
` ` do n't call me baby when you 're pissed , sweet pea . ''
` ` do n't call me sweet pea at all , baby , '' i retorted .
his hands went to his h*ps and he replied , ` ` sweet pea , i was a man with two daughters in trouble , i 'd wan na know and i would not be happy that knowledge was kept from me . ''
you wan na play this with that attitude , sweet pea , i ' m tellin ' you , that is not the right play because that attitude of yours is not a turn off . ''
` ` stop calling me sweet pea , '' i snapped because i was again freaking out and i was trying to hide it .
my scent , the one i always used , was sweet pea .
` ` lawson knows me , so does tack , and i promise you , sweet pea , i have to do what i have to do to deal with my woman , not a man in your yard will lift a finger to help you . ''
` ` we over , sweet pea ? ''
the double dimple threat popped out and , chopsticks loaded with noodles and veg halfway to his mouth , he replied , ` ` sweet pea , the way you eat means you got tits and ass .
` ` just did , sweet pea , '' hawk returned .
` ` sweet pea , look at me , '' he ordered quietly .
` ` get to work , sweet pea , '' he murmured against my mouth , pulled me gently away from his car , bleeped the locks , opened the door , folded in , fired up the camaro and purred away .
` ` he 's a man who can take care of himself and you , sweet pea , but there are people out there who do n't know that .
` ` how you doin ' , sweet pea ? ''
` ` sweet pea , you were flippin ' your hair , fidgeting on your stool , suckin ' straws but just your laugh is enough to make a man 's dick get hard . ''
` ` i got eyes on ride , sweet pea , i watched the whole show and you leak that to tack i will not be happy . ''
` ` he strapped her with three boys , sweet pea , she wanted girls .
` ` sweet pea , i ' ve been f**kin ' you for a year and a half . ''
` ` you can be as uncertain as you want , sweet pea , i ' m certain enough for both of us .
` ` the pros win out , sweet pea , and uncertainty becomes certainty , then i 'll tell you what that means . ''
` ` plan on more shoes in the future , sweet pea , '' he muttered and my belly got squishy again , my heart swelled again and that tingly feeling in my throat came back .
` ` gotcha , sweet pea . ''
one of his arms glided around me , pulled me closer and he said into the top of my hair , ` ` mornin ' , sweet pea .
` ` i ' m gettin ' that , sweet pea , '' he whispered back , ` ` and i like it . ''
` ` all right , sweet pea , let 's go back to why you were n't somewhere else this morning , for instance , '' he took a threatening step forward , ` ` here . ''
` ` sweet pea , look at me . ''
clothes , underwear , nightgowns , shoes , face products , my sweet pea lotion and bath gel and a good selection of makeup .
you 're there , sweet pea . ''
` ` yeah , i do , sweet pea , and you need to refinance .
` ` i like surprising you , sweet pea .
` ` right now , sweet pea , '' he growled , ` ` any company is bad company . ''
` ` you dazzled , sweet pea ? ''
` ` then you should have saved it before you curled up , sweet pea , '' he replied .
` ` her chosen profession , sweet pea .
i could n't ask that , i could n't ask hawk and his boys to wade in - ` ` already tryin ' , sweet pea . ''
` ` so say it , sweet pea , '' he said softly back .
his hand left my ass so his arm could curve around my waist and he pulled me closer , muttering , ` ` sweet pea . ''
feels good , sweet pea , so i ' m not goin ' back now . ''
i have n't let anyone in in eight years , sweet pea , except you .
` ` thanks , sweet pea , '' he said quietly back .
` ` those are the breaks , sweet pea . ''
` ` sweet pea , '' tracy breathed and suddenly i remembered i had an audience .
` ` you got a time limit up there , sweet pea , '' he grunted .
` ` all i can ask , sweet pea , '' he muttered did the triple touch with his lips again , denied me the nip then stated , ` ` we 're goin ' out tonight . ''
` ` sweet pea , what do you think i do for a living ? ''
` ` sweet pea - '' he started but i cut him off , still shrieking .
` ` bullshit , sweet pea . ''
` ` hawk - '' ` ` answer me , sweet pea . ''
` ` bullshit , sweet pea , a woman who wants a pair of seven hundred dollar shoes , she 's got ta have a next . ''
and , newsflash , sweet pea , outside my family , you 're the only one in denver who knows anything about it . ''
all i knew was , his manner , his voice and the fact he did n't call me ` ` babe '' or ` ` sweet pea '' meant there was n't .
` ` sweet pea . ''
` ` glad that 's done , sweet pea , '' he whispered .
he lost his fight with his smile and ordered softly , ` ` come here , sweet pea . ''
` ` speakin ' of that , sweet pea , you got a call to make . ''
i had sweet pea lotion and bath wash at his .
` ` findin ' i do n't need that kind of space anymore , sweet pea , and you ca n't raise kids in a place like that . ''
` ` love you too , sweet pea . ''
` ` like the dress more , sweet pea , but those shoes are hot . ''
` ` no , sweet pea , i bought you those shoes because when i saw you after buyin ' them , the minute you looked at me i knew it meant a lot to you .
he rolled us to our sides , his arms closing around me , his mouth going to my ear in return and he murmured , ` ` you 're welcome , sweet pea . ''
` ` shit to do , sweet pea , '' he muttered , then dropped his head to give me a light kiss .
i ignored him and kept kissing his neck , his jaw , his throat , his cheek ... ` ` sweet pea , '' he called , his arm at my back becoming a hand sliding up and into my hair .
` ` all right , sweet pea , commando woman lesson one , you get a text like you got , you call it into base and you do it immediately . ''
` ` all right , sweet pea , i get it , '' he said gently .
then he admitted , ` ` you scared the shit outta me , sweet pea . ''
` ` love you , sweet pea , '' he murmured and her eyes opened .
max got cotton a beer and i had poured frozen peas into a bowl and was setting them in the microwave when lights flashed on the wall .
then i got arlene a beer , slid the crescent rolls into the oven , took the bowl of peas out of the microwave and poured more in .
` ` jesus , it 's uncanny , like two peas in a pod , '' max muttered , his eyes moving between mom and me .
my head twisted to the side and max 's hand moved from my neck as i stared in shock at niles in tan , large whale corduroys , a navy pea coat with a navy turtleneck showing out of the collar , standing on the wooded sidewalk facing max and i , his tan , leather glove - covered hands on the wooden railing .
you come up early , you can help me smush chick peas for the hummus . ''
and it was a smile that his wife caught , the first one she 'd ever seen and he had no idea that seeing it meant that for the next two hours she gave him outkast , eminem , jay - z , house of pain and snoop dogg somewhat losing her way playing some tlc , beyonce and black eyed peas but he did n't complain about the last .
i replayed it as i grabbed my pine green wool pea coat , tugged it on , maneuvered the ipod around while i buttoned it up , nabbed my mittens that matched the scarf and pulled them on .
` ` peas .
i do n't like peas .
they were like two peas in the pod .
a man and woman fit together like peas in pods or sweetcorn in a husk .
she hated peas and gardening .
i ' ve added in some oats , some winter peas to the mix : ' she looked at him over the rim of her glass .
he 'd always known that emma and steven were two peas in a pod .
he looked like a little boy who did n't want to eat his peas , which really made her want her camera .
wait , i know , maybe i should sleep on forty mattresses with a pea under it , so i can prove to the commoners that i ' m worthy of your love . ''
her father 's dark head was bent as he cut his chicken , her brother kyle was slathering butter on the rolls holly had spent the past two hours baking , and caroline was pushing peas around her plate with her fork , looking distracted .
i hobble into my house , digging for a bag of frozen peas and collapse onto a loveseat in the living room with the bag firmly planted between my legs .
people can see me lying here with peas on my crotch from the window ? ?
it 's in the freezer right now , probably buried under thirty - four bags of frozen peas .
and i never make frozen peas , either .
i slide the fifty into the pocket of my pea coat , where my ipod mini is , and hold my contraband - filled purse close to my side .
he wound up getting kyle a few basic outfits he could wear anyplace without looking unusual , including a warm black pea coat and a few mock turtleneck sweaters .
she smelled of sweet pea and strawberries , and something all her own .
salmon with baby peas and a jacket potato .
marinated salmon steaks and baby peas .
caitlin sat down , and charles served her the salmon and peas .
charles ate some peas before answering .
we were nt from the same pod , but we were still a couple'a peas .
his fate had been sealed since he had been a pea in his mother 's womb .
she pointed to a chalk board with the daily specials listed : steak and kidney pie fish , chips and mushy peas sausage and mash lancashire hotpot .
carrots and corn were always welcomed , but the little boy turned up his nose at the sight of peas , string beans , broccoliin short , anything green .
picking up a sugar snap pea , he holds it to my lips .
they were two peas in a pod , and though not identical , matched perfectly .
a simple scarf and tossing away the pea coat for her fathers jacket gave her a whole different outlook , and she felt it all the way down to her toes as she walked to the car with a new bounce in her step .
i bundled up in my gray pea coat and a bright turquoise scarf .
under a black wool pea jacket he wore a dress shirt with a tie loosened around the collar and the top button undone .
she rolled the peas around on her plate .
in a few minutes , sweet pea .
dammit , sweet pea , why could n't you wait until we got home to throw a shoe ?
my self - esteem used to be high , but now its all like mushy peas .
hey sweet pea , he chuckled into my ear .
~~~ my two granmas my two granmas lived in a little shack set on the edge of this field where some people growed soybeans , which is sort of like blackeye peas except nobody eats 'em directly they just grind 'em into flour like and put that into food to give it more protein or to make fake milk or veggie burgers that fool people who ca nt eat meat for one reason or another -- or do nt wan na -- into thinking that they really are eating meat .
and then shed go outside into her garden cause she kept herself a little vegetable garden outside where she growed peas and corn and tomatoes and such like , that she fixed up and made people eat from time to time not that she needed to , cuz tween her food stamps from being so poor , and all the food that my folks and all my uncles and aunts brought over and my daddy always taking her shopping .
but even harder than mindin my cues and peas was not laughing .
~~~ i finally get to where were going watermelon growing on a vine , tick swelling at a dogs neck , water baloon being filled up at a garden hose or being blowed up at a party by a kid who ai nt gon na stop till the baloon bursts , tire being pumped full till its ready to x - plode , watermelon on two spindly vines , elephant on two stork legs , great queen ant swelling up with a million eggs , goodyear blimp floating above the earth , connected only with feeding tubes , beach ball rolling along on the waves , sail full with the wind , fat man with all his meals carried in front of him , me possessed by an alien bout ready to burst from my belly , water hose stuck in my mouth an i drunk so much i was swelling up , giant python passing a cow through , puffer fish puffed up at the prick of danger , ( in my case the prick of a prick ) blister all swoll up , clown with pillows stuffed down his pants , hanger with a baby airplane rattling around inside , pod carrying a baby pea , mama kangaroo with a wallaby in her pouch , chipmunk cheeks , pumped - up basketball , winner of the pie eating context , mother earth bout to birth the cosmos , ms . piggy heavy with the cookie monsters love child .
we look like two peas in a pod , smiling , both in braces .
i took off my stocking cap and pea coat , tucking my hat and gloves in the sleeve and holding the coat over my arm , i took a seat in the stylishly decorated waiting area .
he wore an expensive - looking high - collared , medium length grey jacket , which was double breasted like a pea coat .
the way maggie has gone on about you since she came back to town , i would have thought you two were peas in a pod , he said with a smile .
setting his beer down on the coffee table , he started wiping the blood off his mouth , then put a bag of frozen peas on his face .
he was boasting that tonights meal was going to be the best yet bison chili , salad , black - eyed peas , jalapeno cornbread and blueberry dump - cobbler for dessert .
dale was instructing her how to prepare the black - eyed peas as they worked together in the kitchen .
i ve almost finished the black - eyed peas and the salad is not hard .
the grilled trout was mouthwatering with salad , black - eyed peas , bread and fruit .
kevin sat with his leg elevated and a bag of frozen peas sat atop his knee .
you look beautiful sweet pea .
lilli bundled back up in her pea coat and slid her gloves on .
the dryer thumps in methodical cadence while black eyed peas hammers my brain from the floor above .
` ` i ' m not the smartest pea in the pod i 'll admit , but i learned from that experience .
` ` well , i guess pea protein , cranberries , and flaxseed are n't too high on his list of likes .
only to me , sweet pea .
no , having a child go away to school was not the same as death , but it was still losing her sweet pea , as her mom liked to call her .
sweet pea , we are almost there .
josie , on the other hand , had always been pea green with envy because savanna was involved with a ` ` college man . ''
he hates strained peas , but will eat most anything else .
` ` shut up , pea brain ! ''
phelps followed as i wove through the pea coats and bomber jackets and waterproof parkas .
he turned away , presumably to look at a rack of black leather pea coats , but i had a feeling it was to avoid my questioning gaze .
they were four peas in a podall insane , like their father .
goodnight sweet pea .
autumn ladled a big scoop of chicken , potato chunks , peas , and carrots swimming in gravy and covered with a flaky pie crust onto judes plate .
no , sweat pea .
trent immobilized my knee with some pillows and retrieved a bag of frozen peas for my face before calling nine - one - one .
we were two peas in one pod ; we needed each other .
i d seen them together and they were really like two peas in a pod .
shed worn two sweaters under her pea coat and leggings under her already snug jeans , which meant she now had rivulets of perspiration tickling her skin .
despite her woolen pea coat she noticed the strength of his enormous hands as he steadied her .
the top choice was tomatoes , followed by lettuce , green and red bell peppers , snow peas , beans , corn , garlic .
a guy in a giant pea costumehis yellow aura adding to his lookdrove past us in a small red car , and i nearly died laughing .
he grilled three chicken breasts then made a chicken salad filled with lettuce , spinach , green olives , tomatoes , onion , snow peas , walnuts , apples , mandarin oranges , and dried cranberries .
for lunch , i will make a tuna salad sandwich- enough that will last for a couple of days and for dinner i am going to make chicken , mashed potatoes and peas .
he stared at his plate , then tapped his eldest son 's hand when the boy stirred peas into his potatoes .
cass and juliann took their cafeteria style trays and loaded plates with black - eyed peas , okra , sweet potatoes and smothered pork chops .
today 's menu boasted chicken nuggets , fries , and peas .
fresh salmon was served with new potatoes and minted peas .
my mother nodded as she chewed a mouthful of peas .
i pulled a bag of frozen peas from the freezer , knelt down beside her , and held it to her eye .
it was all floppy like a bag of peas and was the same color as the fluoride dr . edwards put on bret 's teeth at checkup time .
it contained tiny tubes of salad noodles covered in a skimpy tomato sauce with lumps of ground beef and peas .
inside her apartment , i grabbed a bag of frozen peas from the freezer and guided her to the bathroom , making her sit down on the toilet seat while i dug around under her sink for bactine or some type of antiseptic .
` ` okay , well then it will doubtlessly interest you that of late i ' m always farting when em is f**king me hard from behind , because quite frankly i ca n't really draw my knees up to my girnormous boobs anymore and - '' i try to just blank out the following recount while i chase a few errant peas across my plate .
i get some sugar snap peas and new potatoes from the fridge and load them into the built in steamer , then fiddle with a few knobs before it kicks into action .
` ` roast beef with potatoes and gravy , peas and salad .
` ` janice phoned me this afternoon , '' brad said as he loaded his plate with a helping of peas and mashed potatoes , followed by a thick slice of meat loaf .
` ` she is , '' cody said , smashing peas with his fork and mixing them into his potatoes .
` ` the soup 's split pea . ''
` ` all right , peas or carrots ? ''
he 'd been thinking about that sort of shit all night , even as she talked about peas and carrots and things like that .
the lettuce leaves had started to sprout and mary jo had planted pole beans , corn and peas earlier in the week .
` ` i ' ve got vanilla and ... '' she shuffled aside two frozen halibut filets , a microwave dinner and a box of peas .
he had his failures - notably the ground turkey baked with peas and rice - and his successes .
peggy uncoiled the garden hose and moved carefully between the rows of leaf lettuce , sweet peas and pole beans .
only henry , chasing mushy peas around his plate with a fork , seemed oblivious .
jessamine , who had been mashing her peas flat with the side of her knife , looked up when charlotte let out an aghast , ` ` jessamine ! ''
how can two girls who used to be peas in a pod have come to this ?
the shore is made up of tiny bits of pea gravel and stones that seem polished to a mirrored black sheen .
she lifted the gas mask and said , ` ` any lower , pea , and i 'd be dating out of my species .
jeffrey layton , certified public accountant , had either balls the size of texas or brains the size of a pea .
he voted for the pea .
her coat was red wool pea coat that showed off her neat waist and wonderfully high and curvy ass .
taking out a pack of frozen peas , she tossed it to him .
he 'd turned to watch her , probably to make sure she did n't do anything other than what he was willing to allow , so he was n't surprised by the toss and easily fielded the peas .
wrapping the pack of frozen peas in it , he put the makeshift cold pack on the table and rested his arm across it .
the casserole , fresh peas and sliced tomatoes did a lot of convincing by themselves .
we were peas and carrots , were n't we ? ''
did you take your meds today , gee , 'cause you 're talking off your head worse than normal , '' jess said , frowning before shoveling black eyed peas into her mouth .
her mother stood up , too , and luce followed her to the door and helped her into her pea coat .
he pulls out a bag of frozen peas and plops it on his face with a small wince .
we watch him like the hawks we are , and he starts with a small bite of the peas and rice helena made .
she wiped her palms on the front of her pea coat , trying to eliminate the clamminess .
well , they were two peas in a pod , then , because he 'd made it clear yesterday he 'd only been interested in a one - night stand .
` ` get some rest , sweet pea . ''
` ` sure can , sweet pea . ''
` ` hey , sweet pea , '' he murmured into rachel 's ear as she hugged him .
` ` i know you do , sweet pea .
` ` the statues are very similar , as like as two peas .
spread before them on an everyday tablecloth was a cornucopia of food in steaming platters : pot roast , black - eyed peas and rice , lima beans , and something green and gooey that had to be okra .
tulane tucked right into the peas and rice and pot roast .
she had just hung up her wet pea jacket and was searching the kitchen for a kettle and some tea when someone tapped at the front door .
` ` honey , you 're looking like the last pea at pea - time .
after that , he produced -- ` ` a bag of frozen peas ? '
he had actually seen people sitting on their front porches , reading newspapers or shelling peas , occasionally waving to passersby .
` ` do you have any black eyed peas ? ''
maybe , somewhere in his pea brain , he 'd hoped she would n't kiss the way he remembered , which would help him put the brakes on his lust .
` ` if you look beyond this girl 's disreputable clothing , '' mr . bottlesby said , ` ` you 'll see that they are as like as two peas .
praise the lord and pass the black - eyed peas .
this was as official as it got , with genevieve wearing a diamond the size of a black - eyed pea on the fourth finger of her left hand .
` ` two peas in a pod , except she 's taylor and i ' m baylor .
clutching her hand , he headed out of the kitchen , stepping smack on the chicken dinner , which cracked open and spit peas and carrots all over the kitchen .
when we pulled into the driveway at granny q 's she was sitting outside on the porch shelling peas .
granny q had n't looked up from her peas yet but i knew she 'd heard us .
i looked over at her as she continued to shell those peas in silence .
i 'd spent many days of my childhood on this front porch shelling peas with cain and granny q. i did n't want her upset with me .
i took the seat across from her and began shelling peas so i would n't have to look at her .
i closed my eyes and dropped the peas into the large plastic bucket granny q was using .
i stared at the screen and the nurse pointed to what looked like a little pea .
` ` thank you , '' i said as i looked at each one and found the small pea i knew was alive inside me .
` ` the little thing that looks like a pea .
how they expected to see more than an even bigger pea i was n't sure but she was promising me we could actually see the baby .
i ' m sorry , sweet pea . ''
alike as peas , and not only in looks . ''
they were living on oatmeal , the lot of them - that , with dried peas now and then and a bit of hard biscuit , was the sum total of the ` ` provisions '' supplied them for the voyage .
ceremoniously removing the lids of these , the lawyer displayed in turn four jewels , each the size of a marrow - fat pea , each nestled in a pad of dark blue velvet , the better to set off its brilliance .
` ` i did hear '' -his fingers fumbled for a moment with the clasp of the brooch- '' as how there were two brothers of that name , alike as peas in the pod . ''
they would hardly be burying betty in the kitchen garden ; the digging must be for something prosaic , like an onion bed or a trench for early peas .
over it all , she wore her navy wool pea coat and a red tam .
he was a beast of a man , with a thick , black beard ( were those peas between the hairs ? )
` ` have a seat , sweet pea . ''
` ` that you need to finish your peas and carrots . ''
chase did n't answer right away , dragging his last pea pod through the sauce on his place without looking at her .
she flipped the collar of black pea coat up and hunched her shoulders , hustling through the post - thanksgiving shopping crowd to meet ian .
there were mashed potatoes , peas , corn and gravy to go along with not one , but two roasts of beef .
his hands froze in the act of removing a can of peas .
makes me pea green . ''
` ` i 'll go with you , sweet pea , '' garrett said as he joined donovan by ethan 's side .
` ` we ' ve been friends a long time , sweet pea .
a vagrant hand snatches me by the wrist , and i trace the red pea coat up to find blair staring back at me .
i have some chicken salad in the fridge , corn on the cob and black - eyed peas , and biscuits on the stove , keeping them warm .
jeremy glanced up at me then back down at his plate , then he shoveled a forkful of peas into his mouth .
that was probably why they had n't pursued niall , because they could n't see in this pea soup .
` ` yeah , but if you ask me , we 're two peas in a pod .
jess was standing by the door holding my new black pea coat and looking a little misty - eyed .
my warm pea coat , scarf , and boots completed the outfit - i was ready to be me .
` ` let me have the gun , sweet pea , '' garrett murmured as he gently pried it from her fingers .
` ` what did he lie about , sweet pea ? ''
` ` give it time , sweet pea .
` ` got it in one , sweet pea .
` ` you 're trying too hard , sweet pea .
` ` i love you too , sweet pea .
` ` take care , sweet pea . ''
wake up , sweet pea .
` ` you 're scared , sweet pea .
` ` and you , sweet pea , '' garrett said gently .
` ` ahh , sweet pea , that sure does sound good .
` ` yes , sweet pea , '' garrett said .
` ` everything okay , sweet pea ? ''
` ` you okay , sweet pea ? ''
` ` hey , what 's wrong , sweet pea ? ''
sweet pea , tell me you have n't been torturing yourself thinking that you betrayed ethan or that we betrayed him .
` ` okay , you have to back up , sweet pea .
` ` you can always , always come to me , sweet pea .
you get to call the shots here , sweet pea .
` ` shhh , sweet pea .
` ` what 's it going to be , sweet pea ?
` ` he 's here , sweet pea , '' garrett soothed .
` ` what the hell happened , sweet pea ? ''
` ` you did just fine , sweet pea .
` ` it 'll hurt , sweet pea .
garrett sat on the other side of the couch and said in an overly loud voice , ` ` is there anything else you can tell us , sweet pea ? ''
a multifaceted crystal vase held a bouquet of wispy sweet pea .
pork chops , mashed potatoes , and those little peas i always liked , the way she made them .
she added a spoonful of green peas and some of the grilled veggies so he could practice his fine motor skills .
ella i sleep horribly for half the night , tossing and turning , like the princess sleeping on a pea .
only i am far from a princess and the pea is my guilty conscience .
he came back with a bag of frozen peas and handed it to gavin .
he hoped there was another bag of frozen peas .
mira was talking animatedly to mama about a school fund - raiser that needed to be catered ; vince and uncle francis were arguing about last week 's huskies - ducks game ; sal and livvy were kissing every now and then ; the younger kids were spitting peas at one another ; and the older ones were arguing about whether xbox or playstation was better .
there it was , the truth of the matter , the pea under her mattress .
crispy fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , fresh - picked peas .
this time , she pulled out a package of frozen peas and wrapped them in a clean kitchen towel .
` ` hold this over the bruises , '' she said , handing the peas to me .
` ` put the peas on your face , '' she said , and i obediently tilted my head back and draped the bag of frozen peas over my face .
` ` put the peas on your face , '' she said , and i obediently tilted my head back and draped the bag of frozen peas over my face .
i took the bag of peas off my face and stared at mom in astonishment .
` ` put the peas back on your face . ''
i dropped the peas to stare openmouthed at mom .
she insists on serving black - eyed peas because they are lucky if you eat them on the first day of the year .
bring your game face , sweet pea , he 's hulk hogan on steroids . ''
they were n't going to solve anything with the black eyed peas making the walls shake .
misty , or sweet pea , as everyone called her , was an efficient receptionist and a sweet little sub , but skittish around anyone with a badge .
` ` yeah , our little sweet pea must know there 's a party . ''
sean caught sight of him in the foyer , standing beside sweet pea 's empty desk .
and sweet pea might seem like the most submissive creature ever , but she can run that place like a drill instructor when she has to . ''
the song is only funny because tiny keeps cutting in with other comings - out each time his mom sings , ` ` we 'll always love our tiny , '' like , ` ` also , i cheated in algebra , '' and , ` ` there 's a reason your vodka tastes watered down , '' and ` ` i feed my peas to the dog . ''
` ` the fairy tale here is the princess and the pea .
` ` hello , sweet pea . ''
` ` when i said i was lookin ' forward to the pitter - patter of li'l feet , sweet pea , i thought it was clear i preferred for you to be married at the time .
but , sweet pea , you ' ve also managed to bring the family business back into the family ! ''
her father suddenly asked suspiciously , ` ` he asked you to marry him , has n't he , sweet pea ? ''
` ` now do n't get your back up , sweet pea- '' ` ` do n't sweet pea me .
he 'd returned yesterday from his morning errands in an unexpectedly jovial mood , answering her questions with ` ` that 's wonderful , sweet pea '' or ` ` whatever you like , lizzie , honey . ''
beneath her short , belted pea coat , she wore a black suede skirt that ended above the knee and black boots that ended right below .
` ` but he seemed like such a nice man , and you two were like two peas in a pod . ''