she dropped the strings and ends of the pea stalk into the compost bucket at her feet .
pointing at kateri with one of the long pea stalks , she pierced her with those golden eyes that held all the fire of a strong , spirited medicine woman .
she touched a pea stalk to kateri 's nose as she mimicked the boy 's wide - eyed wonder .
maybe they stowed them in giant pea pods .
in fact , damien green was stirring it into a thick pea soup .
laken turns on the lights revealing a dingy room , orange carpets , a pea green bedspread with a rotary phone tucked on the nightstand .
he was thin , but not skinny , and dressed in a dove - gray top hat and matching pea coat .
alexis chewed on that as she chewed on a pea pod .
katie 's taste in clothing was impeccable , but as a joke , she told monica how much she loved the ruffled taffeta in pea green .
it was a kitchen garden , made for utility , but it had a small orchard at the end of it , and there were flowers growing between the pea vines and onion beds .
its secluded orchards and fruit gardens were separated by honeyed pea - shingle paths that will 's chair could negotiate quite happily .
he could see what might be cotton , orchards and other crops that were low and green ( beans maybe , peas ? ) .
margrit 's hand got closer to her pocket , feeling the stylus inside , over the navy blue velvet of her pea coat .
i can just barely make it out through this pea soup .
she pulled a pack of cigarettes out of the pocket of the pea coat and lit one .
at first i ' m a little kid in a magic garden and skip around popping open giant pea pods and picking strawberries the size of watermelons , then the veges grow up blocking out the sun and i feel like an ant in the amazon rain forest .
the greenery wraps forward to cover her body , like a giant pea pod .
this was early april , so the spring planting of barley , peas , oats and beans - the so - called lenten crops - would be nearly finished .
light came from small fixtures that lined the many garden paths of pea gravel .
once , long , long ago , anansi 's wife planted a field of peas .
` ` the big breadfruit tree down by the pea patch , you mean ? ''
well , they carried anansi down to the big breadfruit tree that grew beside the pea patch , and they buried him six feet down , and at the foot of the grave they built a little fire , and they put a pot beside it , filled with saltwater .
anansi , he waits down there all the day but when night falls he climbs out of the grave , and he goes into the pea patch , where he picks him the fattest , sweetest , ripest peas .
that night , old anansi , fat as he has ever been in his whole life , he scuttles up out of the ground , and , plump and happy , stomach swollen like a drum , he strolls over to the pea patch .
so that 's how they find anansi the next morning , when his wife and his sons come down to the pea patch by the old breadfruit tree : all stuck to the tar man , and dead as history .
and besides , if we 're close to shore - and who the hell could tell in this pea soup ? -i do n't want to draw attention .
its safe here with bobby , i keep telling myself , smelling the sizzle of the steak and the weaker aromas of the pea pods and broccoli .
in the flowerbeds , a riot of color ensued as snapdragons and gerberas vied for space with snow peas , miniature sunflowers , and tulips .
there , sitting on the ground between two lines of pea plants was keith , muttering to himself .
but we were very late that day because of the pea thing in the garden .
i liked sorting tomatoes by color in the little pea patch blessed by the sun and the dark , volcanic soil or staining my fingers with the vivid green bleeding from the cut parsley .
a loud rushing sounds in my ears and then i am in his arms , tears falling heedlessly on his black wool pea coat .
penelope was undecided , so i stepped in and ordered a freshly beer battered haddock with hand - cut chips and pea puree .
inside was a tangle of small blackish dried leaves and pea - like pods .
he did nt bypass the mexican cartels as pea did with his own ships , and did nt make the profits pea could command , but he competed well based on a low - price strategy .
good , you ve just identified luciano pea and ramon vasquez .
you want to tell me how long you ve been with luciano pea ?
he spent the day doing more on - line research about luciano pea .
thank you , dina , i responded , getting my first sampling of the pea soup with lavender infusion .
it matched the ugly pea green bedspread .
in the fall we gathered mustard greens , turnips , and peas , the late - producing vegetables that had been planted in may and june .
rosary pea , crab 's eye , jequiritz bean ( abrus precatorius ) : climbing shrub .
linoge stands there in pea jacket and yellow gloves , his cane tucked beneath one arm .
a pale sweep of gray designated a pea gravel path , and a cluster of lilac bushes rose in dark relief next to a glowing white bench that happened to catch the glare of the moonbeams .
instinct led me past the empty gurneys and beyond the pea green curtain .
she buried it beside the pea plants .
she nodded at the narrow pea stoned path crisscrossing the many rows of tombstones to the half way point before turning slightly diagonal as it wound its way to the small front office .
tonight were having dinner with carmen pea .
the pea hens cackled near the pond .
jules and maddy both looked at my vegetables suspiciously , but i was truly pleased by the bright green of the pea pods , the soft yellow of the baby corn .
warmer arctic summers have allowed an 88 % increase in yield of parsnips , lettuce , cucumbers , and snow pea crops .
just a small , pink snub nose stuck out from the middle of the pea green curls .
chapter thirteen boulders and peas maynard wolfed down his morning meal , gathered his still damp tunic from a drying rack by the fire and put it on .
her hands , blue - knuckled and clumsy , opened the pea pods , forced the full peas into an earthenware bowl , and dropped the empty pea pods onto her aproned lap .
tiffany ran through the garden , catching her nightdress on pea sticks and gooseberry bushes , and flung open the henhouse door .
both parents passed away of the gnats on their farm out in the wilds , sir , and he was raised by peas . '
there were carved baked fruits ; tiny balls of meat flaked with spice and coconut ; fried vegetables surrounded by silver cups of a pastel green sauce ; large flat fish encased in dark baking shells flecked with red and green spices ; and a virtual aviary of wild fowl , from small game birds to plump pea hens .
alone , mehi toured beyond where the guests were gathered to the estates beds of peas and leeks .
next to them were the raw numbers that represented pea plants analyzed , and in the final columns , the ratios .
from all the hundreds of pea plants analyzed , one ratio stood out over and over again ; 3:1 .
plants were safe , and the common pea plant , which was napp 's choice , had no religious constituency .
eventually mendel had diplomatically agreed with his abbot and began his experiments using the common garden pea , but not before brother timothy had delayed him for a year or two .
even his friends from the monastery and his old schoolteacher , try as they might , lost interest as mendel explained every tiny aspect of pea plant growth and differentiation .
did n't you find any pea plants that were a mixture of your characteristics ? ''
all the characters that were investigated [ see footnote ] in these experiments ; the angular wrinkled form of the seed , the green color of the albumen , the white color of the seed - coats ... '' he went on to list all the various pea characteristics that he had investigated , concluding , ` ` ... and the dwarfed stem , all reappear in the numerical proportion i have given here , without any essential alteration . ''
then he waited for the pea pods to grow so he could collect the seeds , store them over the winter , plant them the next spring , and wait for the results .
in mendel 's peas both the male and female parts are protected and covered by a special set of petals .
obviously mendel used pea plants that showed all seven characters ( or more ) in every generation .
mendel solved this problem by his choice of the pea plant .
like many other plants , the flowers of the pea possess both male and female reproductive organs , which , under normal circumstances , will self - fertilize .
these were difficult criteria for mendel to use or to apply to plants like his peas .
greeted by a loving kiss , mary sat down at the candlelit table and pulled away at pizza that was infested with bean sprouts , water chestnuts and pea pods .
she closed her fingers upon the glass she had worked so hard to get in the first place , looked at it curiously for a moment looked at it as a gardener might look at some unexpected specimen she had found growing in among her beans or peas - then gripped it .
they looked around as fischer entered the great hall and walked over to the table , wearing his pea jacket , his clothes and hands streaked with earth stains .
will would run the a through the high grass of the back field , which was kept for hay , toward either the south field ( potatoes ) , the west field ( corn and beans ) , or the east field ( peas , squash , and pumpkins ) .
` ` shut up , '' henry whispered to the ghost - voices , hoeing faster , beginning to hoe up the new pea - plants along with the weeds .
it was late afternoon when frannie went out back to where her father was patiently weeding the peas and beans .
for a moment she was tempted to crawl deeper into the garden and just lie low among the peas and beans until he got tired and went away .
buddy had grown up with the smell of farmland and barnyard , of manure and growing corn and pea vineries , and the unwashed clothes of this boy beside him had absorbed all these familiar odors .
for a moment forty - two - year - old justin hurd 's mind was totally open to four - year - old david brown 's , and david understood that justin was ripping his entire garden to pieces , plowing the unripened corn back under , tearing up the pea - patch , squashing the new melons to pulp under the wheels of his tractor .
mammy tanglelocks , as francis came to call her , saw what she thought was a small green man wrapped in a long coat , not a baby covered in dried pea soup .
the paganic cult nowadays involved worship over harmin 's future grave , which was planted with vegetables , beans and flowers a veritable pea patch .
rose , meantime , had settled into the image of a tragic heroine , a princess trapped in a tower and the tower was her own depression , which alternated with euphoria , but lasted longer and longer as she languished in the garden , letting the weeds take over , ignoring the bounty of the sweet pea vines and the berry bushes .
the pea vines were flowering and the radish leaves were coming up by the time it was warm enough to plant the squash and pumpkin seeds .
the peas are producing in abundance , and day after day i m able to pick a bowl and have pea pods and bread for dinner .
the peas are producing in abundance , and day after day i m able to pick a bowl and have pea pods and bread for dinner .
a long manicured pea gravel driveway , flanked by a man - made stream flowing over rounded rocks and planted with lush foliage , curved around to the imposing hacienda .
it is in great sacks , like pea soup powder , good for hair .
if they wanted to kill me , i would already be dead considering they could snap my neck easier than i could snap the pea pods off the vines .
and there would be a potager with beds of vegetables laid out in sandwich - shaped triangles , upright frames for beans and peas , and , as in all the other rooms more perennial borders around the edges to provide all year colour and interest .
i tried without success to think whether gregor mendel had yet started messing about with his pea plants , but gave up the effort , too sleepy to concentrate .
mama never paused to inspect the portobello or porcini mushrooms , the brightly colored array of peppers , the baby pea pods , the butter lettuce , or the rich , dark truffles .