like the story of the princess with the pea under her mattress , all it took was the tiniest doubt to make a man so uncomfortable he felt he had to make a move .
and now that she had her little pea of doubt she was going to work it to her advantage .
as the fairies ' song continued , the smoke shrank to the size of a pea and then disappeared , which caused a concerted shout of triumph to burst out from zoe 's rescuers .
not to mention when there was a man like santiago dixon staring at one as if one had just emerged from a pea pod from outer space ?
the skin around them was smooth and white , and the circles were neat and each was perhaps the diameter of a tiny pea .
the sun was about the size of a marble and with the tinting of the main window it appeared more like an orangey yellow pea .
two peas in a man - sized pod of belligerence , both with an inveterate bent towards exploiting a situation for vainglory .
cleo continued : the red light marks the positively enchanted area or pea .
* * * there 's a trick they do with one pea and three cups which is very hard to follow , and something like it , for greater stakes than a handful of loose change , is about to take place .
it started small , the size of a pea , and then grew into a large , shimmering circle about six feet in diameter .
neither pea nor al - zeid trusted telephone communications any more than they trusted each other .
when i was eleven my family watched her stand onstage for what seemed like days , dressed as a giant snow pea and speaking in broken sentences about how she sprouted .
mendel had over twenty - nine thousand pea plants . ''
another swelling , about an inch in length and the width of a pea , marked the end of the dark - purple discoloration .
the left kidney is shaped like a bean but physically different in size of a pea from the right kidney .
as if waking from sleep , a small purple light began to appear , no larger than a pea .
each bubble , looked at individually , could be seen to emerge from its parent branch as a mere bead . , the size of a pea , and swell and burst ; but looking at the wood as a whole , one was conscious only of a continual faint disturbance of light , an elusive interference with the prevailing perelandrian silence , an unusual coolness in the air , and a fresher quality in the perfume .
` ` to what species did this pea plants belong ?
she was another pea on the plate , insignificant and worthless , yet feeding the abhorrent abomination that slowly devoured all life and destroyed all being for what else is the soul but the source of the being and of existence itself ?
we observe their progress and clap our hands when we see tiny pea pods emerging from the plants flowers .
giselle gulped down a snow pea and blurted out , i met sanjay when i called to inquire about one of my bank accounts .
` ` honey , you 're looking like the last pea at pea - time .
small pieces , no larger than a pea .