* * * two broken ribs , one black eye , a split lip , 14 stitches on my calf , a concussion , too many bruises and scratches to count , and a partridge in a pear tree .
from where she stood , she could see the potted prickly pear cactus that guarded the entrance , the last of its lush hot - pink flowers drooping off .
the hillside was nothing but a black monolith this late at night , a dark presence of ancient volcanic rock burnished by the desert sun , dotted with prickly pear and scattered oily creosote shrubs .
half of the leaves on the gardenia shrubs were consumed to the bare branches and solomon had found refuge all the way up one of the pear trees , hissing like a tea kettle with all its fur standing on end .
when she arrived to the healing garden she found sarah sitting on one of the stone benches in the shade of the pear trees and gazing in awe at the shimmery artifacts .
` ` and a partridge in a f**king pear tree , '' amos said with a disgusted snort .
light slanting in through the window was splintered in lozenges and rectangles by the pear tree .
and a paaaartridge in a pear treeeeeeeeeeee ...
slowly came the appearance of vegetation : prickly pears , agaves , tar - bush ; and with it toads , tarantulas , and scorpions .
sharpening his ears , he heard jack rabbits scurrying under prickly pear , rattlesnakes striking warning , and scorpions scuttling across sand not yet warmed by the sun .
she spoke so steadily and thoughtfully , as if we had been disputing with the fox , up behind the pear trees , with hours and days still before us .
i would not go up to that plot behind the pear trees ; that was where he , and psyche , and i had often been happiest .
before they reached the river , she had palaemon turn right onto a trail , and shortly , they came to an old temple of eleusinian demeter standing amongst a grove of trees : pine , mighty elms , pears , apples .
hollister finished her cigarette and flicked the butt toward a clump of prickly pear cactus where it became stuck on a spine , alongside dozens of others .
as it ran through a dense patch of saguaro and prickly pear cactus , it heard some of the pursuers screams change in both pitch and volume .
12 days of christmas ( weekend quickie special ) part 1 ( image - man jumping across train carriages , element - partridge in a pear tree , emotion - infinite possibility ) ` ` quick !
` ` a partridge in a pear tree , two turtle doves and three french hens !
there is a peregrine falcon in the pear tree . ''
we usually go to the pear tree over on highway 23 .
he had also found a prickly pear cactus and cut off two of the stems , sticking himself several times as he removed the spines .
each merchant had cleared away a section of prickly pear and cholla cactus , nailed together some boards and plywood , and declared themselves in the tourist business .
terra - cotta pots were strategically placed around the patio with a variety of cacti - prickly pear , blooming hedgehog , spiking organ pipe , saguaro , even a towering joshua tree .