but when she did n't see anything , she shrugged and moved to gather pears and persimmons .
after a meal of pumpkin stuffed tortelli , veal with frosted pears , and warm puff pastry with cinnamon cream , rome relaxed with a cup of coffee while arie sipped herbal tea .
in the cargo area , he had already stored a picnic and , at the top of a cliff looking out into the sea , they dined on cold chicken , sliced pears and delicious wine with cheese and crackers .
there was pasta salad , cold chicken , cheese , grapes , sliced pears and white wine .
he asked , taking a bite out of a crisp slice of pear .
bored at the always threatening tone of vladimir , sasha snagged an asian pear from a fruit basket and rubbed it on his shirt .
he took a savage bite of the pear .
the speech he 'd been prepared to make went into his mental wastebasket and what was left of his pear in the trash bin .
' something light with fruit would probably be best ... caramelised pears ... maybe simply oranges and kiwi fruit soaked in cointreau ... a palate - cleanser ... . ' tammy was supposed to take fancy breads .
' lasagne and salad and crispy bread , followed by caramelised pears .
it was teamed with white pants printed with lime green pears , strawberries and mangos - the kind of fun item she 'd never indulged in .
she waves her free hand towards them and tries to tempt us with creamed , piped anchovies , lobster mousse , or even blue cheese with poached pears .
` ` and there 's so much one can do with fruits like apples , pears , and quince , but i 'd need honey and almond and dates for the glazes and , canel , too , but as i said , there 's little to be found of any of that in the kitchens . ''
as if by mutual agreement , everyone else began talking at once , drowning out margaret 's voice , but whitney heard snatches of what she was saying to clayton and the other couple : ` ` ... disgraced her father ... scandalized the village ... '' the servants began to distribute baskets of cold chicken , ham , cheese , and apples and pears .
then later we can head out somewhere for dinner - maybe the spiced pear . ''
once she left tonight he 'd make reservations for them at the spiced pear .
* * * situated at the beginning of newport 's famous cliff walk , the spiced pear remained a popular five star restaurant that welcomed anyone who could afford its pricey meals .
` ` the spiced pear is my favorite restaurant in newport , but if you 'd prefer somewhere else we can go . ''
at first she 'd tried to convince herself this was just another business dinner , similar to the one in newport at the spiced pear .
caviar and blini filled the second ; cheese , pears , and grapes the third .
` ` i ' m making steak skewers with aioli and an arugula salad with grilled pears and creme fraiche over at my place .
i picked up the mimosa glass instead as the waiter made his way over and i ordered a pear and goat cheese salad and a bowl of minestrone .
five pounds of seasonal fruit - but not all apples or pears .
i ' m looking for a recipe for a pear tart .
i ' ve got all these ripe pears i need to use up .
her teeth sank in , and the sweet , earthy taste of pear juice burst in her mouth .
the taste of brandt exploded on her tongue , mixing with the sweetness of the pear and the hint of her own juices .
and then he gently pressed that squishy , sticky fruit to the top of her pubic bone until pear juice trickled down her cleft in a syrupy stream and dampened her thighs .
maybe she expected he 'd be munching on the leftover chunk of pear with a gleam in his eye .
next in line are mountain pear trees , again a rarity .
the pears look to have at least a week left .
now the goddess was irritated , which was manifested in her grabbing one of the sweet black pears that grew on black - barked trees of her garden .
there was a bowl of fruit on the table - oranges , apples , and pears - and a loaf of thick bread along with butter and cheese , and a plate beside it of what looked like ... cookies ?
the air was moist always , the trees that grew about our little lakes and riverets immense , the ferns also of gigantic size , and the fruit of all kinds and colors - mangos , pears , melons of all sizes - always abundant , and the cliffs hung with vines of wild berry and grape , and the grass forever thick and green .
the best fruit was pears , which are nearly white .
and she saw that he was taking the fruit from the bowl - dates , pieces of melon and peach , tiny pears , dark red berries - and that he was carefully dipping each piece in a silver cup of honey .
the shops that lined the street were closed , their blinds drawn , but advertisements still blared from every surface , advertisements for everything from pears soap to hair tonic to announcements urging people to attend a lecture on spiritualism .
he exchanged his cambric handkerchief for a bottle of elderflower cordial , a round of green cheese and a number of unfamiliar fruits : they were soft and fuzzy , like apricots , but were the purple - blue of grapes , and they smelled a little like ripe pears ; also the woman gave him a small bale of hay , for the unicorn .
he found an apple , a pear , but had to request a stalk of broccoli himself .
apples , pears , lemons .
` ` you 're such a prickly little pear , are n't you ? ''
i looked over at mike , sleeping peacefully , and drew in the sweet pear scent of the rose once more .
i write it again on the siding by the back door and the stone and the pear trees that line the back path .
harrison frowned and looked out at the view of the sprawling hill country : acres and acres of unrelenting , rolling green , covered with prickly pear cactus and scrub trees that made passage on foot nearly impossible .
the flesh toned ones , the size of overgrown pears , look obscene .
i run the bags to the entry and place them on the floor in an effort to bolt back and gather the rolling apples , and pears .
she smells sweet like sugared pears .
mom would boil the pears once they began to bruise and sprinkle brown sugar over them .
the carving on both mantel and molding were pears , apples and oranges with leaves and vines and it was so intricate , even at a glance i saw it was sheer perfection .
a full - length , freestanding , oval mirror with the pear , apple , orange , leaf and vine theme at the top and drifting down the sides .
there was silence in the tent and then teetru came forward and placed a plate of cut pears and grapes on the bed between diandra and i just as packa handed us cups of cool water .
i smiled at her , took a long drink and set my cup on the ground before i grabbed a slice of pear and popped it into my mouth .
` ` baked pears with cream and chocolate sauce for dessert , '' she told him , reaching to pull open the drawer by his hip .
` ` i ' m always abby , '' she returned then , with her voice slightly breathy and higher than normal , she asked , ` ` do you want pears ? ''
that night , after dinner , after walking the romantic streets of bath with cash , after they came back to his house and ate the leftover pears with cream and chocolate sauce , she 'd rinsed and put the dishes in the dishwasher .
they passed the rest of dinner in companionable conversation and decided against dessert in favour of the pears at the townhouse .
abby fixed the pears and made decaf coffee which , she told him , even though he could probably care less , she had to drink as she never drank caffeinated beverages after noon or she 'd never get to sleep .
he grabbed a pot as she began throwing limes , oranges , and pears - anything she could find , until she found a large grilling fork .
scott rolled his eyes as he started rearranging the pears and apples in the fruit bowl .
he waved a hand toward the table that was laden with lobster in butter , braised ham , creamed potatoes , steamed asparagus , and fresh pears from the hothouse .
sissy had particularly liked the ones that were cut and polished to be fruit - green grapes made of jade , purple ones made of amethyst , apples and pears from various shades of quartz .
and we 're going to bring him three ice - cold cokes , two big poland springs , room temperature , and a partridge in a pear tree . ''
on the first day of christmas , a partridge in a pear tree .
this year , they did chocolate partridges stuffed with chestnut cream and drizzled with a tart pear syrup .
apples and pears and roses .
i shrug and take a pear from the platter on the table .
i stab a knife into my pear .
i begin cutting the pear with quick , clean strokes .
i look down and see that i have sliced my pear to ribbons .
it had picked up speed in recent decades , washing away the old pear and apple orchards and the ranchlands and dairy farms in its path .
she fed him a heaping plate of eggs scrambled with ricotta cheese , a pile of toast and a fresh , juicy pear , hoping that the old adage was true and that the way to a man 's heart really was through his stomach .
i remember it perfectly , bobby - o : goat cheese omelets and a green salad with preserved pears in balsamic vinegar , strawberries and slivered almonds .
the blade carved through the lungs and heart like a knife through a soft pear .
he went through kent and his thugs like a sharp knife through a ripe pear .
` ` pears , '' he said .
claire took the satchel from the vendor 's hand and pul ed out a pear .
tonya looked at the pear .
tonya reached out for the pear and took it .
she ducked her head and hurried on , the pear in her hand .
not exactly the kind of diet a pregnant woman was supposed to eat , she reminded herself , and with that thought in mind , she added some fruit to the cart - oranges because they smelled good , red apples because she liked the color , watermelon and peaches and pears , lettuce and tomatoes .
finally , i did what i 'd planned on doing before i 'd heard jason 's news : i got a book and settled in a chair on the front porch , reading a few sentences every now and then in between admiring the pear tree in the front yard , which was covered in white blossoms and humming with bees .
the quiet interlude on my front porch watching the bees in the pear tree seemed a week ago , instead of hours .
a treasure that included thirteen honey pears that had survived centuries and were now the seedlings that would be the start of new orchards .
` ` those honey pears are a legacy , kermilla .
he had told her the story of how those pears were found after being buried for centuries .
i would bite into one of the pears , and it was better than anything i 'd ever tasted before .
the pear she held turned to lifeless mush .
she needed a connection to the soil and the pears , without barriers .
gray filled pots with soil as cassidy held each pear at the right depth , releasing the fruits gently one by one until there was only one left in the chest that had n't turned to mush .
she had to get this pot to gray before the pear decayed .
until the first two leaves break the soil , the pears wo n't be valued .
since you must have used craft to keep it bleeding while you planted those pears , i imagine the wound is clean , but we should n't get careless about such things .
` ` gray thinks the honey pears would enjoy having someone play music to them for a little while each day , and i think you 're the only one he has n't questioned yet about your proficiency with an instrument . ''
` ` i ' ve never heard a shalador flute , '' cassidy said - and watched the color drain from his face as he realized playing for the pear trees really was n't his choice to make .
the honey pears were starting to grow .
two apiece , he decided as he gathered the pears and wondered if lia had ever tasted one .
jared walked to the counter and carefully set down his armful of pears at the same time blaed set down a large bag of potatoes .
` ` these are practical , '' blaed said , smiling indulgently at the pears .
since killing lucivar was n't an option - at that moment , anyway - he watched jaenelle select two slices of pear and a spoonful of scrambled eggs .
josh liked apples and hated pears , could n't stand the grainy feel of them in his mouth .
` ` claire , were you taken from the prickly pear ? ''
` ` apples and pears . ''
definitely apples and pears .
grinning , she held a condom in one hand and a plump pear in the other .
laughing , she settled on top of him and pressed the pear against his mouth .
he kissed her hard and insistent , the taste of pear mingling with the sweet warmth of her .
then , as if to illustrate that fact , she unzipped the bag and reached into it , withdrawing a pear from which she enjoyed a big , crunchy bite .
silence sliced off a bite of the pear .
silence poked at the half - eaten pear .
she 'd eaten the pear as she talked and she no longer felt hungry .
` ` pigeon pie , gammon steak , raspberry tart , ripe fresh pears , a good beef steak , biscuits hot from the oven , roasted goose , and any kind of cheese . ''
why do n't you see if those pear tarts are done yet ?
pickled pears !
the table was covered by bowls filled with grapes , oranges , pears , nannas and even gishi fruit .
it was another hot summer day in mason , and i was exhausted from burning thorns off the prickly pears .
stuart 's pears were perfect , but he 'd added a couple more than were there in real life .
pears , pomegranates , dates , figs .
it had smelled like apples and pears and rain .
beside the large pear - shaped vase , filled with fresh long - stemmed yellow roses , is a medium - sized black toolbox with a silver inscription : reed construction .
he would have preferred some pears and nectarinesshe really loved the really sweet onesbut fresh fruit was at a premium when it could be found .
` ` shaped like a thirty foot pear , skinny on the top and wide at the bottom , '' he replied , keeping his eyes on the pasture ahead through the windshield .
anna almost spat out a mouthful of pear .
in the shade of the pear tree forest coffee bushes ran wild , growing clusters of red berries in a dense thicket and attracting flocks of very loud yellow and green canaries .
* * * the next morning the rain was gone and the suns were shining in the coffee sky casting a warm glow over the pear tree rainforest .
` ` bring some pears too '' , asked seth , with a completely uncharacteristic but powerful craving for the fruit .
the kids often stopped by to have a pitcher of cold water or a few pears .
it was about four feet tall , with a long gray head and large black eyes as big as pears .
jimmy pulled a pear out of his lab 's small fridge and took a seat beside nick .
jimmy took a bite out of his pear and thought for a moment .
he lives in a big manshun with a o pear and a dog called tiger .
we played in his great big garden and then his o pear took us out to the park and the shops .
mum spoke to sam 's o pear on the phone .
` ` today we 're trying pears , peaches , pineapples , and grapes .
she took a small square of pear and put it in her mouth .
the pears were the only winner .
i know what side of the bed we each sleep on ( i m on the right ) , how he likes to stand in the shower ( kind of like a large water bird , tilting his head and putting his back into a reverse curve , letting the water run down his head and back ) , what he likes and dislikes for food ( hates asparagus ; loves brown pears , not green ; loves wizened , grayish , oily olives ; allergic to thyme ; limits garlic and onions ) .
each time i do this ( do you like any particular kinds of pears ?
he likes brown pears more than green .
the space chicken and michael rowland daffodil had a grand compilation of fruits : slices of oranges , apples and pears , some grapes and grapefruits , a lot of peaches , apricots and mangoes , melons of all different shapes , sizes and colours and the finest plums , cherries , berries and strawberries you can think of .
conan squatted beside the cactus , cutting off the thick pears and dexterously twitching out the spikes .
skin your teeth in that pear .
she shook her head in wonder at his calm audacity , and fell to devouring her pear .
she found apples , pears , oranges , and persimmons .
mangos , bananas , pears , strawberries , grapes and apples : shed never forgotten those tastes , not even after years of synthetic diluting .
there were beets , leeks , cabbage and turnips , even a few pears , cherries and pomegranates from nicely pruned trees .
aspics of meat , dried sausage , preserved carp , many loaves of bread , figs , apples , pears , chestnuts and other nutritious foods that could be eaten casually without requiring much time to prepare .
he could see ugilino talking and eating a pear at the same time , even the food stuck between his teeth .
on the way , he bought a couple of sweet pears and munched one as he walked .
feltrino continued to toss the pear .
ugilino grabbed the pear and chomped down greedily .
as i chewed a hard piece of dried pear , i tried not to remember the sweet berry cobbler that our chef always made us in the summertime oh my god , i m torturing myself i muttered to nick as he walked beside me .
whether it was seeing who could sneak into the chicken coop and catch a chicken ( which they always put back , or which always attacked them , because they were very aggressive , those chickens ) or stealing peaches , pears , orange rutabagas , and plum mangoes from the farming section of janna 's village , their delinquency , as brynna called it , was laughed at by some but loathed by others .
martin turned red this time and bristled like a prickly pear .
he opened a pouch on his belt and unwrapped a slice of prickly pear cactus .
i 'd have preferred the pear itself , but the paddle - shaped leaf was a lot tastier than my last meal .
it was familiar prickly pears and lizard eggs .
there were saguaro , barrel cacti , agave and prickly pears .
discover other titles by francis rosenfeld : terra two contents chapter one - of mermaids chapter two - of hyperspace , magnets and cooking chapter three - of the effects of gamma rays on infinite purple chapter four - of code , chemistry and music chapter five - of conversation and cultural differences chapter six - of being chapter seven - of life ethics chapter eight - of love and parenting chapter nine - of infinite wisdom chapter ten - of the meaning of life chapter eleven - of mentoring chapter twelve - of alchemy chapter thirteen - of here and there chapter fourteen - of useless yuck chapter fifteen - of progress chapter sixteen - of lavish indulgence chapter seventeen - of caramel covered blue pears chapter eighteen - of the heart of scorpius chapter nineteen - of the past chapter twenty - of dragons chapter twenty one - of feelings chapter twenty two - of the wilderness chapter twenty three - of vocation chapter twenty four - of patterns chapter twenty five - of reality chapter twenty six - of flux chapter twenty seven - of immortality chapter twenty eight - of love letter : to the humon cloud , tagas cloud 's secondary inheritor , in grace about the author other books by francis rosenfeld chapter one of mermaids ` ` do n't go near it , lily , you know we 're not supposed to ! ''
` ` i ' m sorry , sister , i could n't help it , '' sarah apologized , still laughing , and threw a pear at jimmy , who caught it and started munching quietly , absorbed in the drama of the moment and following it like an action movie .
they passed through the pear orchard where the kids were playing hide and seek , picking fruit every now and then to quench their thirst .
the pear trees served as tutors for the thick vanilla orchids whose fragrance dripped from above , rich and heavy in the humid air .
chapter seventeen of caramel covered blue pears ` ` she 's so beautiful ! ''
they walked through the gate towards the prayer hall and took a narrow dirt path out into the field , trying not to get their feet tangled in the wild greenery , walking between patches of soybeans and vegetable rows , passing by the tree of life and the pear orchard .
` ` pears .
caramel covered blue pears . ''
` ` what 's with the blue pears , sister ? ''
if sarah were there she could have used the caramel covered blue pears example as an object lesson about the importance of inferred knowledge to the understanding of things , but sarah was n't there , apprehensive no doubt of the annoyed physicist 's wrath .
she sat at the bottom of the steps in the shade of the pear trees and for a while she thought of nothing .
the breeze caressed her cheeks , sifting a dusting of blossoms from the pear trees and bringing the delicious fragrance of vanilla closer .
the redhead went back to her healing garden , threw herself carelessly on one of the stone benches in the shade of the pear trees and for the first time in two years , rested .
that night i moved in with her , and the following week we planted an ornamental pear tree in her front yard .
one afternoon in the springour pear tree was bloomingi came home from a day of trading .
the ornamental pear tree out front looked different somehow .
it was easy , i 'd been doing it ever since one time when i was a kid and had an argument with a prickly pear cactus .
a yellow pear shaped fruit landed on the ground between them .
eat first , perhaps , on his own or with one or two close intimates with whom he could relax and then attend a formal dinner at which he could merely be served an imported pear .
he loved pears .
and in the fall he invariably walked to the heinz cannery near san jose and filled cans with bartlett pears .
in this corner , one missing shroud , one impossibly and thoroughly dead corpse , one dedicated and deadly vampire warlord , three holy knights , twenty - nine fallen angels , and a partridge in a pear tree .
the painting showed a hairless , oppressed creature with a head like an inverted pear , its hands clapped in horror to its ears , its mouth open in a vast , soundless scream .
before the afternoon was half gone , this time with my backpack of wizard toys , my staff , my blasting rod , my dog , my gun , and a partridge in a pear tree .
it was actually just a hill - an insignificant outcropping of volcanic rock , like so many others , sparsely decorated with spindly creosote and flat - bladed prickly pears .
i should have been a pair of ragged claws scuttling across the floor of the universe , here we go round the prickly pear ; twentieth - century angst , man .
in the years since , he had scuttled his ragged claws through salesman 's jobs , gone around the prickly pear as a disc jockey at a short - lived heavy metal station in fishkill , new york , gone around again as a radio - station engineer , a rock - show promoter ( six good shows followed by a nightmaris h exit from providence in the middle of the night - he 'd left owing some pretty hard guys about $ 60,000 , but no real problem , man ) , as a palmistry guru on the boardwalk in wildwood , new jersey , and then as a guitar tech .
in her earliest pictures she is the image of the luscious child in the pears soap advertisements , a white - skinned little temptress , gazing soulfully yet playfully at the spectator by the time she was eighteen , she was clara bow on the night of her death , she was , according to numerous eyewitnesses , a femme fatale of unforgettable power , dancing the charleston wildly in her short fringed skirt and glittering stockings , flashing her enormous jewelike eyes on everyone and no one as she commanded the attention of every man in the room .
gloria milstein , a girl i knew who had really enormous breasts like pears ; she 's god knows where , but she was picked up by a personnel psych test when she was applying for a typing job ; the federal people swooped down and grabbed her -- off she went .
` ` try the pear juice .
she wanted to fling the pear juice in his face .
you may not remember me , but we met at the market that day you brought in the android , only i was about this tall '' -she held her hand at hip height- '' and shaped kind of like an enormous pear , and significantly more pale . ''
i eyed a plate of slivered pears .
i forgot about the pears .
there was black bread and honeycakes and oaten biscuits ; there were turnips and pease and beets , beans and squash and huge red onions ; there were baked apples and berry tarts and pears poached in strongwine .
the pavilion was larger than the common rooms of many an inn and furnished with every comfort : feather mattress and sleeping furs , a wood - and - copper tub large enough for two , braziers , to keep off the night 's chill , slung leather camp chairs , a writing table with quills and inkpot , bowls of peaches , plums , and pears , a flagon of wine with a set of matched silver cups , cedar chests packed full of renly 's clothing , books , maps , game boards , a high harp , a tall bow and a quiver of arrows , a pair of red - tailed hunting hawks , a vertible armory of fine weapons .
while singers sang and tumblers tumbled , they began with pears poached in wine , and went on to tiny savory fish rolled in salt and cooked crisp , and capons stuffed with onions and mushrooms .
in the queen 's ballroom they broke their fast on honeycakes baked with blackberries and nuts , gammon steaks , bacon , fingerfish crisped in breadcrumbs , autumn pears , and a dornish dish of onions , cheese , and chopped eggs cooked up with fiery peppers .
there were apples and pears and pomegranates , some sad - looking grapes , a huge blood orange .
pomegranate seeds were so messy ; sansa chose a pear instead , and took a small delicate bite .
sansa stood by the foot of the bed while her aunt ate a pear and studied her .
` ` i want none of ser gregor 's followers , '' he declared as he was cutting up a pear as withered as he was , so as to make certain that its nonexistent juice did not stain his pristine purple doublet , embroidered with the white bend cotised of his house .
and you have no more nose than my little brother , or my own sins would have you choking on that pear .
the white dragon lay coiled around a pear tree , his head resting on his tail .
viserion 's tail lashed sideways , thumping the trunk of the tree so hard that a pear came tumbling down to land at dany 's feet .
elsewhere were casks of apples and pears , dried peas , dried figs , bags of walnuts , bags of chestnuts , bags of almonds , planks of dry smoked salmon , clay jars packed with olives in oil and sealed with wax .
a porter trotted at their heels , pushing a wheelbarrow heaped high with provisions : salt and flour , fresh - churned butter , slabs of bacon wrapped in linen , sacks of oranges , apples , and pears .
daenerys received the captain on her terrace , seated on a carved stone bench beneath a pear tree .
she plucked down a pear and tossed it at him .
he took a bite of the pear , his gold tooth gleaming .
daario tossed away the pear stem .
a footman appeared before marie - josephe and offered her a plate of the most delicate dishes : roast squab , peaches , pears .
she nibbled at the pear , which she had never tasted before she came to court .
pears and peaches and apples did not grow well in martinique ; and most of the fields were given over to sugar cane .
he 's holding a basket under one arm and a red pear in his free hand .
worst of all , he stepped squarely on a prickly pear cactus .
i saw a huge pear out of the corner of my eye and recognized it as vicki lightbody , dressed in a green blouse and matching stirrup pants that made a zippering sound as she walked .
i grab the pear .
wbots serves a platter of beef , corn , rice , fruit pears , bread rolls , and a tiny sliver of chocolate cake for dessert ( more , babe ) .
he snorts with amusement then nibbles at the pear skin .
next month dallas dumps then chews vigorously on the pear meat .
dallas huffs musically in baritone trombone then attacks the rest of the pear .
the east wall in the living room of paisleys holds up the yellow granite fireplace minus the red and blue hot flames of fire while the north wall prettily pictures a set of light brown furniture of with red apples , green pears , and orange peaches of fabric .
frank bit into his pear , signaling the end of the conversation , but jules did nt seem keen on letting him off the hook .
beyond the apple trees are peaches , plums , and pears .
it was full of fresh fruit ; bananas , pears , apples , and grapes .
she counted herself lucky as she found a pear tree .
she plucked six of the small pears .
she walked back to the boy and patted his arm with the pear .
he grabbed the pear and sunk his teeth into it .
lemon nibbled on her pear as she watched her new friend chomp away at it .
the green eyed boy took a bite of the small pear in his hand .
i continued slicing my pear on the cutting board .
i offered my bowl of pears to my sisters and bit into a sliver .
victoria replied suspiciously as she took a bite on the pear in front of her .
i feel like a frumpy pear with big boobs most of the time .
the bakers brought a large pastry in the shape of a castle , and a variety of apples , pears and other fruits which were baked as a dessert .
before long , she had made it through the training stages and the drill sergeant had grudgingly declared her , in his best apples and pears voice , fit for duty .
i grabbed two apples and a pear , putting them into the front pocket of my hoodie , and arranged a handful of carrot sticks onto a paper towel , rolling it up into a bundle and stuffing it into my pocket .
sliced bananas and pears were on a plate in the middle of the table along with three sets of utensils and folded paper towel .
a tapping sound was coming from the other side of the fence close to his pear tree .
three horizontal rows of raccoons , each one carry a piece of fruit including an assortment of berries , apples , pears , and peaches .
she had wings the color of pears , big and heavy and real .
kay , says emily , but when her mother turns to select some pears , emily pulls off a flower .
her body also shifted over the years to resemble a pear .
adam wears a black t - shirt that has holes , ripped jeans , and a battered pear of white sneakers .
she takes a bite of candied pear , and my stomach turns .
he handed me an anjou pear and it was so sweet and juicy , my first bite ran down my chin and he topped it off with a small bottle of home brew , tart and sweet .
right between the pear and the lettuce , gilla said .
he continued his jiggling until this time , a pear fell down .
stanton discovered a lonely packet of ginger biscuits in one cupboard and emptied the fruit bowl of its contents , 2 apples , 3 bananas and a pear .
like two little pears about to ripen .
bread with butter and jam , a couple of slices of a pear , and spiced tea .
yes the present he was going to continue but a pear shaped woman who was also wearing a science store t - shirt was giving him the eye .
he still had on his science store t - shirt but he was wearing a baseball cap and saying his goodbyes to the pear shaped woman .
the pear shaped woman was behind the counter pretending to be busy .
he checked the fridge and grabbed a pear .
jack grabbed a travel mug from a cabinet and another pear from the fridge .
surrounding it , the dark - green spires of cypress trees counterpointed the bluish cap adorning its pear - shaped roof .
paw bo reaches for a can of sliced pears .
we huddled in the second floor safe house , drank some excellent pear brandy and remembered the good times .
he saw it in the ripple and shine of a stream where an old hobo sat fishing under the shade of a pear tree .
blue rushed over and sat in one of the chairs , grabbing a pear from the basket and bringing it to her mouth .
this , he knew , was eva 's favorite , made with water from the niva river and flavored with pear leaves and crimean apples as well as a touch of brandy and a dash of port .
they ate apples and pears , they gloated in white lace blouse with embroidered collars and short skirts .
as autumn approached , the fruit in the little orchard began to ripen and ed carefully picked the apples and peaches and a few pears .
the pears they ate as they ripened except they froze a few packages of them in freezer bags .
like for example , the pear cactus ?
i was talking to a few botanists while imprisoned , and they recommended a mixture of berries , saskatoons , pears , hard kiwis , artichoke , various onions .
if you want to know the taste of a pear , you must change the pear by eating it yourself .
if you want to know the taste of a pear , you must change the pear by eating it yourself .
you two , in fact , have come a very long way just to taste the pear that is china .
bored , he watched a wasp as it buzzed around his pears .
we ve already got - she checked her phone - three servers , four logins , and a partridge in a pear tree .
set off from the kitchen was a pantry with shelves of jarred pears , peaches , blackberries , tomatoes , okra , corn , squash , peas and beans , colors muted by the blue glass of mason jars .
in the wind rushing around the northwest side of the house , she made a beeline for the fence jamb overlooking the lane and the bent pear tree , limbs broken from the weight of the solid pendulous pears they had shared with anse and jean only weeks before , the gritty , tart fruit cobbled into sweet doughy pies for them or sometimes simply baked whole with cinnamon and sweet butter from the rose 's milk cow .
in the wind rushing around the northwest side of the house , she made a beeline for the fence jamb overlooking the lane and the bent pear tree , limbs broken from the weight of the solid pendulous pears they had shared with anse and jean only weeks before , the gritty , tart fruit cobbled into sweet doughy pies for them or sometimes simply baked whole with cinnamon and sweet butter from the rose 's milk cow .
merry gay started to step out from behind the pear tree and the gourd vines , to follow the paling fence to the back gate that opened into her neighbor 's yard .
soon to be cozy after all chores were done , after the women had put up tomatoes , peas , peaches and pears for the winter , fodder , hay and corn set aside for the cattle , hogs and chickens , cords and cords of firewood cut that seemed like enough to last for months but would last all of one .
too many graves with the same death dates , and the holy hush that would come over them - the old ones - when they hoed stinging nettles and prickly pears from those graves .
i see similar numerous request for my salvation spiral around and around the mother of pear tower .
and we have some of our home - grown pears .
pears and apples .
` ` stop at the services on pear tree .
they were sitting on a shelf next to pineapple , mandarin oranges , and pears .
an occasional prickly pear .
most of the ambushes had taken place inside a pear - shaped pocket of territory enclosing maybe a hundred square miles .
andre gillian was in the kitchen making preparations for spaghetti alla carbonara , a large italian salad , and a pear torte when he heard a loud , ominous popping sound , and a moment later the comfortable hum of the central air conditioner trailed off into silence .
there 's an arab legend about a certain shah who ordered his gardener to bring him fresh pears .
problem was , pears were out of season and the fruit would not be ready for another month .
the shah threatened to behead the gardener if he did n't produce ripe pears .
so the gardener picked a few unripe pears and spent the night praying to allah and burning amber incense .
the next day , in response to his prayers , the pears were rosy and sweet , ready to eat . ''
a half hour later he nosed his car past a white post - and - rail fence into the long drive , a graceful , gently curving allee lined with pear trees .
there 's a mews out back with a flowering pear tree that a pair of house martins nest in come spring .
he found it all the way in the rear and he recalled her saying , ` ` there 's a mews out back with a flowering pear tree that a pair of house martins nest in come spring . ''
somehow he knew there would be french doors out onto the back , and there was the pear tree in the mews .
` ` tracy said that come spring a pair of house martins nested in that pear tree . ''
bourne followed her as she stalked into the bedroom , where he found her staring out the french doors at the pear tree , flooded now in silvery moonlight .
she nodded absently , then turned back to her contemplation of the mews and its budding pear tree .
she was baking a pear torta , one of giovanni 's favorites , just in case he got a whiff of it from the kitchen .
he nodded and looked toward the kitchen as signora altonelli appeared with a tray of coffee , and also a pear torta that had not yet been sliced .
as the bailiff disap- pears to fetch him , there 's a burst of activity at the defense table , most of it , as far as i can tell , worth nothing .
he had woken up with two black eyes the size and colour of rotting pears .
after all , it gave us the pear , the garotte , the wheel , the spike , punishing shoes , heretic 's fork , the boots , the hanging cage , head crusher , judas cradle , iron maiden , and that most brilliant method of inflicting revelatory , false - confession - inducing pain , the rack . ''
there were cold cuts of pork , venison , and woodcock ; potted shrimp ; fried wild mushrooms ; sliced pears ; boiled eggs and toast ; as well as a nice collection of fruit preserves .
the back had a cutout shape of a heart between my shoulder blades and a row of pears lining my spine .
there was a light picnic of broiled beef , roast duck , braised pork pie , cold poached chicken in cream sauce , pickles and relishes , crusty french bread , and stewed fruit , accompanied by punch , which was followed by tea with pear turnovers , cabinet pudding , and apricot macaroons .
backed up to an old pear orchard , esme 's cottage was raised off the ground on brick pillars and underpinned with weathered latticework .
they walked past esme 's cottage down through the pear orchard .
he looked out over the pear trees .
even the pear tree looked in danger of keeling over .
it had ended up with its front bumper against a prickly pear , bending the cactus at an impossible angle .
after she asked him to take the wheel until they got to their destination , she talked him into stopping at the drugstore for her prescription and the grocery store for three soft pears and several cans of soup .
bran swung a meaty hand , missed , and took razored claws to his ribs , slicing him like a pear .
it 's a brick house with a large prickly pear cactus in front . ''
she stood barely five feet tall with a body shaped like a pear .
slayer 's blade cleaved through undead flesh like a sharp knife through a ripe pear .
some plain , some stuffed with sweet , juicy slices of apples and pears , some filled with honey ham and bread - and - butter pickles , and some bulging with thick slices of tomato sprinkled with salt , pepper , and a touch of dill weed .
there was old bert summers , who owned the local newspaper , and judy west , who worked over at the pear blossom creek curl and dye beauty salon .
jovial rex curtis , who owned and operated the car repair shop across town , was avidly reading the sports page ; maddy malone , who was a teller at the pear blossom creek bank and trust company , had her nose buried in a book .
if the story had n't been so lurid , if it had n't been reported by the police , she might have suspected it was just another one of the high school pranks that were so prevalent in pear blossom creek in the weeks before halloween .
chapter 4 tom duncan picked up the three - day - old newspaper , his eyes narrowing as he perused the headlines : bodies of two young women found police fear serial killer on the loose in pear blossom creek he quickly read the account , noting that there had been no sign of rape or physical abuse , no signs of a struggle .
` ` well , if he did , there 's another vampire out there following the same m.o . , and he 's turned up in a little nowhere town in themidwest called pear blossom creek . ''
she had lived in pear blossom creek her whole life and never worried about locking her doors .
he had searched pear blossom creek from east to west and north to south .
` ` does she still live in pear blossom creek ? ''
how could he think of food when there was a vampire loose in pear blossom creek ?
she had been born and raised in pear blossom creek .
it led him out of pear blossom creek , across the state highway and the weed - infested field beyond .
of course , back in pear blossom creek , if you needed help , all you had to do was stand on the corner and ask .
she was reaching for a pear when kari grabbed her hand .
still grow peaches , pears and pecan trees , plus a few other things .
well , i ca n't talk about that , '' ashe scuffed his athletic shoe on a prickly pear that had sprung up during the warmer weather .
` ` i climbed up the pear tree , fell out and broke my arm , '' brandelin muttered .
and i ' ve been living on stupid pears and baguettes for five days .
a skinned pear , soaked in brandy .
there was fruit , too : segments of pear , glossy cherries , soft smiles of red apple .
a large bird stuffed with dressing and pears , resting on peacock feathers arranged to resemble a live bird 's open tail .
a pear shaped woman rose from her cramped desk .
i bit a diced pear off my fork .
` ` i thought i recognized them , '' puck said , casually reaching for a pear near the center of the table .
she woke up long enough to eat a couple wild pears keirran had found - after he swore to me about a dozen times they were safe - before curling into me again .
they were the shape of a pear but the size of a strawberry , and the air around them shimmered with heat .
rosewood 's idea of cutting - edge art was painting the apples in a still life slightly off - red , the pears a marginally unnatural shade of green .
there was a sofa , a delicate little desk , a few chairs , a painting of a dead pheasant and some pears , a collection of exotic - looking sabers above the mantelpiece , and magnificent golden yellow curtains at the windows .
he tasted of heat and newly ripe pears from the duke 's garden .
` ` i think i 'd do alright actually , but only if they removed the pears .
the streetlight made a soft golden circle on the prickly pear cactus beside the sidewalk .
i dart off the path , nearly impaling myself on a prickly pear .
` ` to quote the great katharine hepburn , ' i could peel you like a pear , and god himself would see the justice in it . '
i ' m pretty sure i 'd rather jack off in a field of prickly pears then watch a chick flick .
i filled my pockets with fruit , with apples and oranges and hard brown pears .
i ate a banana and a pear , then hid the rest of the fruit beneath the wooden table .
in years to come , the village of yiwei would be known for its delicately inscribed maps , the legends almost too small to see , and not for its barley and oats , its velvet apricots and glassy pears .
` ` bread and milk , of course , sprinkled with rose leaves , and with pear - drops in it . ''
` ` i bet skylark is over a hundred years old , '' i told isa , who was blobbing a green pear into shape .
the clean scent of pears soap on his skin as he held me close and whispered his love , promising his heart and his safe return .
also grapes , pears , and waxy red cherries on long stems .
she glanced at nate , sitting alone at the far side of the lunch area , pulling a pear from his lunch bag .
some were familiar , including oranges , lemons , bananas , plums , apricots , apples , pears , and kiwis .
as she taxied in i could hear all the old theory of flight books hitting the bottoms of the skips , but then , just as she was coming to a graceful halt , spot on her spot , things quickly turned pear shaped .
he knew that things had turned pear shaped , and should get the hell out of there , but he had watched too many cops and robbers on the television and reached for the revolver in his open brief case .
deciding that he is no more likely to be accepted on the far side than he has been on the near , a seething joe , suddenly feeling as though he is in a hockey game where he must take charge , strides back to the door , grabs the bucket , hurls its contents into the hall outside , storms back to the end of the table , up - ends the bucket into an improvised stool , sits , and stretches out a hand to grab a basket half - filled with small , oddly shaped pears and apples .
his face was shaped like a pear , with a square jaw , strong features , and the weathered look of a man who had spent too much time in the sun , but not without a hint of handsomeness .
send mom some pears .
conyn squatted beside the cactus , cutting off the thick pears and dexterously twitching out the spikes .
` ` skin your teeth in that pear .
he shook his head in wonder at her calm audacity , and fell to devouring his pear .
nance held a pear in front of her mouth and whispered behind it , kovat wishes to remind them they are his inferiors .
nance turned from me , reaching across the table toward a bowl of burnt chunks of meat , still clutching in her other hand the unbitten pear .
there was only enough space for miriam pears .
he put the tray of bread and water on the table , and took a pear and a hunk of cheese wrapped in a large hankie from his pocket .
using the handkerchief that had held the pear , he picked up the chamber pot and headed for the door .
after a moment , she picked up the pear and bit into it .
she was a beautiful bird , perfectly streamlined , glinting silver wings with those monstrous engines hanging beneath them , like ripe pears on a tree .
jacob was finishing off a pear and smiled up at me through a full mouth .
` ` she 's bent over the bed changing the sheets cause of the mess we 'd made and from behind i see her perfect woman rear and her sweet salty hole and then from the side against the low lamp i could see through her nightgown , one of juan 's old cotton t - shirts , and see her brown breasts hanging down like soft - tipped pears and i wanted to plug in behind her and reach around and feel the weight of her breasts in my hands again and manipulate her swollen nipples between my fingers just one more time . ''
motioning for raf to wait for her , she sidled up alongside a grocer 's cart and slipped two large , pear - shaped fruits into her pockets while his attention was occupied by another customer .
as soon as they 'd finished their dessert whole baked pears with a sweet cream filling eleanor announced that she was exhausted , and excused herself for the night .
once they 'd made the biggest dent they could manage in the chicken and vegetables , ivan cut a couple of generous slices of the pie which turned out to have a pear and walnut filling and rang for someone to collect the leftovers .
ill have a pear cosmopolitan , please .
when he got to the stump he found his polished green stone and laid out some salmon steaks in wax paper that he took from the fridge along with a few large bartlett pears .
the fresh breeze which was blocked below by the embankment ruffled the fur up his back as he settled beneath the pear blossom cactus .
after a brief interlude , she returned with a dish of sliced pears .
he always gave me the most delicious apples and pears whenever he visited papa .
all day long these people chewed a fruit called areca , like a pear , wrapped in a leaf from the same tree , called betel .
apparently , as things had decidedly gone pear shaped i was now surrounded by the a team .
` ` pineapple plum pear ! ''
yes , there was a pear .
maybe the p stood for the pear .
i reached out and began feeling the pear 's carving .
to my surprise , the pear moved easily when i turned it and within seconds , i was pulling it out of its peg - hole placement .
i will bring a gift too , angie said and placed some berries and a couple prickly pears in one of her baskets .
brad stopped next to a tall pear tree which was leaning over towards the creek and he looked to his right for another marker .
the sweet yellow pear was almost too ripe ; it gushed juice when she bit into it .
reaching the stream for the third time that morning , she set her buckets under the waterfall and licked the last of the pear juice from her fingers .
the pear core itself she set beside the stream for the birds or small animals that gleaned for food there .
she whispered a silent prayer to the goddess for the pear , the stream , and the animals .
the few pear trees were much prized , the pears carefully divided among families .
the few pear trees were much prized , the pears carefully divided among families .
sterling peels the shiny green skin of the fossilized pear since he s still hunger for another cut of t - bone steak , instead of a shiny pear .
sterling peels the shiny green skin of the fossilized pear since he s still hunger for another cut of t - bone steak , instead of a shiny pear .
a fruit merchant quickly jumped up to him , displaying a glowing red pear .
thank you , targon said , snatching the pear .
the tiny spidery insects turned into small , grey rubber pears when filled with blood , ` ` do n't just pull them out , '' she cautioned me .
i bet our salvia tastes sweet , like two pears .
off target , the grenade slammed down into a clump of prickly pear cactus and exploded .
not exactly the image of don quixote , but not sancho panza either , his legs dangled precariously close to the tops of prickly pear cactus as sister espanoza chose her own path homeward .
in fast forward he crashed into a prickly pear , the night air flickering and then blazing with the voices of his companions , viva villa .
his first bullet cut the sheriffs horse out from under him , sending the law man smashing into a prickly pear .
` ` mmm , this rabbit food ai n't so bad , '' paul mumbled through a bite of fancy salad - walnuts and pears scattered over dark green leaves .
as the unicorn is drawn to the maid under a pear tree , his wildness became tame and he wished only for one gentle stroke of her hand .
he wrapped his arms about himself and marvelled at the good , simple pleasures the lord had given him , the blue sky and a warm hearth , a snatch of music , a cup of cool water or a juicy pear .
my phone charger was tangled on my night stand , looping around one lamp , four books , a bottle of hand lotion , a glass that had held water a week before , a stray earring forever separated from its mate , a notepad , a souvenir pen from the statue of liberty that said becca in glittery letters , a small stuffed rabbit ( gift from my literary associate at work on a day when i 'd been in a particularly bad mood ) , a partridge , and a pear tree .
on the far side of the garden there was a small pear orchard and then the estate walls .
56 pack of canned pears ?
now add some vinegar , some butter , some crisco , some canned pears , some toothpaste- wait , wait what ?
this huge wagon was already loaded with provisions - sacks of flour , bags of sugar , bottles of olive oil , dried fish , smoked fish , dried beef , dried apples , dried figs , dried apricots , many cans of : tomatoes , pears , peas , soup ; bags of rice and potatoes ; salt , bourbon , chocolate , canned mangos , no end of cans of condensed milk etc . , etc .
they had 100 pounds of canned tomatoes , 100 pounds of canned mangos , 100 pounds of canned pears , 300 pounds of flour and same for pasta , 100 pounds of olive oil and corn oil , 500 pounds of rice and potatoes , 1,000 cans of condensed milk , 1,000 cans tuna , 100 pounds of smoked fish , 500 pounds of salt beef , 100 bottles of whisky , 400 pounds of chocolate , 1,000 pounds of sugar , 100 pounds of tea , 100 pounds of coffee , 100 pounds of soap , plus plenty of razors and iodine , bandages and splints for broken arms and legs ; they had no end of miscellaneous items which 29 people would need to survive in the wilderness for several months , such as 500 gallons of kerosene and 5 chogalisa stoves ; fodder for the horses in the form of a ton of oats and 400 pounds of dried apples had to be taken .
among the shady fronds we took our ease , or chased each other up and down the trees , or polished up our acrobatic stunts on boughs that bore a dozen fruits at once , dislodging pears on one anothers head and seeing mangoes ripen in their stead -- or any crop that met the moments needs .
last time i tried it took me two hours to get a fuzzy image of a pear .
fortune plucked a pear from a nearby tree and bit into it , the sweetness of it seeming as potent as any wine .
while mac got two pears from the icebox and offered one to jane , he mentioned the last things kate and brody had given to him .
after taking another bite of his juicy pear , mac explained that brody had hired him if anyone asked .
jane set her half - eaten pear aside and placed her other hand on top of his , giving it a reassuring squeeze .
mac held his pear core in his free hand and looked at jane .
he has also written several standalone novels including pears and perils , npcs , and the upcoming unadventurous and uninteresting tale of fred , the vampire accountant .
as she took a seat on the bench next to them , a smile tickled her , followed by a giggle , for anya had covered every bruise on nathans face with a purple paste that smelled of vomit and pears .
the folds of the sacks fell to reveal an abundance of freshly baked bread , pears , apples and bags of dried fruit and nuts .
and the next morning the villagers , braced for yet another day of starving , were confronted by a scene right out of their collective dreams : the olive tree , grown overnight to an amazing height and robustness , was laden with fruit and not just olives but dates as well , and almonds , peaches , apples , pears and coconuts ; and from the soil around the tree , bare as bone until the night before but now thick with bright green clover , shot the sprouts of beans and onions , garlics and turnips , carrot leaves and heads of dew - beaded lettuce .
when they eventually made their way to the bar saul addressed the barman , a balding man with a pear shaped figure .
some dickhead asked if it was a pear .
no , its not a pear , its just a bunch of words .
is a poem a pear , what do i think about goblins and elves .
two days ago he had bought four hothouse pears for a silver note each .
with a persistent urgency in both his step and manner , he entered the office and approached the desk of the pear shaped man .
the head was pear - shaped , the chin being the smaller part of the pear .
the head was pear - shaped , the chin being the smaller part of the pear .
lunch consisted of sliced pears in a honey and garlic dipping sauce with two boiled eggs on the side .
` ` i come bearing ... um , looks like bananas , papayas , some pears ... '' ` ` you come bearing trouble , '' she said , and crossed to take the basket from his hand .
but hey , there 's some pear honey in there , too .
in fact he quite liked the librarian , who never argued with him and always kept himself in shape , even if that shape was a pear shape .
there was much pointed eating of pears and bananas and so on .
' can you see any pears ? '
' i like pears . '
the trees of the lower slopes were sapient pears , and he did n't even think about that .
' on the second day of hogswatch i ... sent my true love back a nasty little letter , hah , yes indeed , and a partridge in a pear tree -- - ' the gnome slid down onto the tiles and crept up behind the briskly shaking shape .
' d'you like pears ?
* dimwell arrhythmic rhyming slang : various rhyming slangs are known , and have given the universe such terms as ' apples and pears ' ( stairs ) , ' rubbity - dub ' ( pub ) and ' busy bee ' ( general theory of relativity ) .
i put a few dried pear halves in his hand and go back in the stream to wash the rest of his clothes .
shut up and eat your pears , '' i say .
ramon built a small fire and the other man unloaded a double handful of sug beetles , suicide nuts , and the bright green berries that ramon had never found named in the planet 's taxonomies and that tasted like cheap white wine and pears .
then bacchus and silenus and the maenads began a dance , far wilder than the dance of the trees ; not merely a dance for fun and beauty ( though it was that too ) but a magic dance of plenty , and where their hands touched , and where their feet fell , the feast came into existence sides of roasted meat that filled the grove with delicious smell , and wheaten cakes and oaten cakes , honey and many - coloured sugars and cream as thick as porridge and as smooth as still water , peaches , nectarines , pomegranates , pears , grapes , strawberries , raspberries pyramids and cataracts of fruit .
prickly pears and saguaros spread out around me in quiet watchfulness .
` ` it was a pear i threw , '' she said , tartly , ` ` and i was talking to you again soon enough , for we danced a measure at your cousin ned 's wedding , and that was but two days after your sixteenth birthday . ''
the pear trees , too '' .
she has half a dozen orchards , apples and apricots and three kinds of pears .
saguaros and blooming prickly pears lined it .
i saw it land on a prickly pear when he tossed it away .
we worked most often ( in summer ) on the little grass plot behind the pear trees , and it was there one day that the king found us .
the fox and i , up behind the pear trees , were deep in his philosophy .
come to me and i 'll lead you out of all this darkness ; back to the grass plot behind the pear trees , where all was clear , hard , limited , and simple . ''
on the other hand , you could go and show off all these fancy clothes and go to lots of fancy places a long , long way from here and see a lot of new people and you 'd know that if it all goes pear - shaped you could always make it pie - shaped . '
in any event , my mothers inquiries bore entirely unexpected fruitas if she had shaken a pear tree , and a pineapple had fallen onto her headfor she ultimately found herself in conversation with a lady of some consequence , who was familiar with the northumberland graysons for many generations past .
but the pears had rotted on the trees , and the grapes rapidly turned brown and wrinkled on the vines , although laborers had worked hard to salvage them .
out back , she saw orchards enclosed by stone walls , two hectares of trees weighted down for picking : pears , pomegranates , brilliant apples , luscious figs .
arkturus , the star that ushered in the harvest of grapes and pears , hung well above the horizon .
oh , how melaina had loved sweet pears !
my lord bishop did not look at me as he carried on slicing an under - ripe pear .
but many rent property for harvesting the forests lumber ; the orchards apples , pears , or cherries ; or even to be farmers themselves on leased land .
its body was shaped like a huge pear cut in half lengthwise , with the back a glistening melon of curved cedar staves and the face a polished cherry .
beyond lay geometrical arbors of fruit - laden trees mangoes , apples , pears , lemons , and even oranges .
the moghul had melons brought by runner from kabul , pomegranates and pears from samarkand , apples from kashmir , pineapples from goa . ''
briggs ' face had turned the color of the red prickly - pear apples on the table .
up and down the onon gol she ran picking sour pear and cedar cones , day and night scoured for nourishment for her sons .
yet he kept the most beautiful tract for himself ; one hundred sixty acres atop a plateau dotted with pear and pepper trees .
apples and pears means stairs , adam and eve means believe , and now napper tandy means brandy ! !
it was redolent of pear , which would have been better in the summer time of course .
then she proceeded to stuff him with chicken and dumplings , maple carrots , pickled pears , stewed fruit , butterbeans , two kinds of pickles , warm apple crisp , corn bread , fresh greens with hot bacon dressing and real coffee with real cream .
raleigh did not stop to wait for them to move , but hurdled the small hand cart and landed in another one on the other side full of apples , pears , and persimmons .
malinda and luke have searched for berries along the swamp , crushed a few apples and pears found in a sparse orchard for the juice .
to seek justice for the unprovoked attack on pear harbor .
sorry things have gone pear shaped for us .
apples and pears grew in the orchard , nearby hedges grew berries and behind the barn , there was a large plum tree .
parallax - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 644 the 315 a 231 and 231 of 210 i 186 to 162 in 126 my 84 is 84 that 79 on 79 it 74 was 65 her 65 with 60 you 57 me 56 his 56 he 53 for 51 at 44 as 40 she 39 from 38 this 34 an 34 if 34 like 34 miranda 32 we 32 they 30 i ' m 29 been 28 or 28 into 27 by 27 one 26 there 26 not 25 it 's 24 wt 24 but 24 have 24 do 23 were 23 jack 22 no 22 who 22 do n't 22 him 22 be 22 when 21 has 21 about 21 are 20 your 20 had 19 what 19 marchland 19 all 18 carson 18 through 18 judy 17 so 17 up 17 think 17 then 16 got 16 down 16 out 15 back 15 some 15 she 's 15 them 14 he 's 14 its 14 just 14 mr 14 too 14 fisher 14 car 14 light 14 ca n't 14 room 13 did 13 km 13 i 'd 13 six 13 found 12 even 12 could 12 that 's 12 right 12 never 12 those 12 off 12 everything 12 yes 12 see 12 years 11 white 11 go 11 say 11 our 11 after 11 much 11 left 11 house 11 miranda 's 11 face 11 because 11 does n't 10 people 10 something 10 away 10 pride 10 went 10 kern 10 know 10 how 10 their 10 time 10 eyes 10 long 10 since 10 did n't 10 says 10 detective 10 window 10 enough 10 us 9 can 9 wo n't 9 get 9 many 9 way 9 was n't 9 there 's 9 only 9 good 9 missing 9 why 9 well 9 is n't 9 until 9 ice 9 nothing 9 took 9 love 8 going 8 gone 8 would 8 woman 8 more 8 kitchen 8 course 8 another 8 man 8 eye 8 home 8 6 8 here 8 women 8 wife 8 hand 8 once 8 these 8 door 8 thing 8 before 8 first 7 local 7 new 7 any 7 where 7 come 7 other 7 except 7 ball 7 mf 7 made 7 old 7 during 7 every 7 maybe 7 excerpted 7 two 7 will 7 ask 7 head 6 green 6 parties 6 want 6 fire 6 watching 6 end 6 than 6 marchland 's 6 big 6 none 6 now 6 over 6 thank 6 things 6 few 6 hell 6 life 6 mouth 6 force 6 three 6 trees 6 stopped 6 royal 6 truth 6 put 6 day 6 ever 6 done 6 while 6 tell 6 seem 6 name 6 around 5 hear 5 show 5 keep 5 doing 5 behind 5 he 'd 5 today 5 hair 5 near 5 god 5 kept 5 turn 5 past 5 penny 5 you 're 5 look 5 stop 5 again 5 making 5 state 5 skull 5 almost 5 homicide 5 hit 5 wake 5 against 5 i ' ve 5 mind 5 boys 5 office 5 world 5 road 5 best 5 makes 5 sound 5 field 5 such 5 edge 5 guess 5 would n't 5 achilles 5 bottle 5 lot 5 mean 5 place 5 knew 5 olympia 5 mine 5 black 5 whatever 5 blue 5 had n't 5 getting 5 hands 5 said 5 year 5 let 5 still 5 carson 's 5 stars 5 ring 5 blood 5 though 5 lost 5 always 5 myself 5 dust 5 looks 5 across 5 take 5 night 5 she 'd 5 picture 4 dropped 4 married 4 interview 4 documentary 4 truck 4 anymore 4 partner 4 real 4 bring 4 tree 4 bad 4 honeymoon 4 scotch 4 late 4 coffee 4 wheels 4 months 4 under 4 great 4 department 4 kind 4 takes 4 whole 4 hat 4 fact 4 upon 4 sometimes 4 least 4 next 4 uh 4 somebody 4 what 's 4 opinion 4 washington 4 have n't 4 migraine 4 yeah 4 barnes 4 cops 4 easy 4 europe 4 broom 4 pain 4 catch 4 reason 4 words 4 we 'd 4 bet 4 search 4 obviously 4 need 4 does 4 although 4 girl 4 red 4 talk 4 oh 4 feet 4 anybody 4 case 4 places 4 we 're 4 jp 4 art 4 please 4 couple 4 heart 4 second 4 find 4 quite 4 suit 4 yet 4 thought 4 trial 4 am 4 body 4 glitter 4 point 4 either 4 cloud 4 along 4 high 3 wait 3 really 3 better 3 drain 3 yellow 3 folks 3 inn 3 charming 3 humming 3 four 3 simple 3 wearing 3 college 3 dark 3 fast 3 questions 3 members 3 gave 3 kicked 3 letters 3 bed 3 9 3 02 3 living 3 piece 3 copy 3 wave 3 pretty 3 finger 3 start 3 money 3 eight 3 flicker 3 report 3 most 3 desert 3 information 3 drug 3 screaming 3 roll 3 decided 3 tall 3 last 3 leather 3 burning 3 glass 3 else 3 busy 3 brush 3 inside 3 career 3 could ' ve 3 involved 3 gun 3 wanted 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 vanished 3 walls 3 different 3 remember 3 question 3 also 3 kern 's 3 evidence 3 coming 3 camera 3 ultragothic 3 yard 3 dirt 3 bridge 3 turned 3 hotel 3 days 3 keeps 3 band 3 brain 3 stay 3 declined 3 help 3 4 3 publicity 3 artist 3 tea 3 waiting 3 doors 3 word 3 line 3 sonofabitch 3 mom 3 fingers 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 sad 3 cows 3 details 3 honey 3 serial 3 pick 3 morning 3 effects 3 moment 3 mirror 3 sofa 3 disappearance 3 visit 3 ago 3 girls 3 circles 3 nods 3 own 3 mexico 3 rock 3 leaves 3 might 3 thinking 3 water 3 prosecution 3 sell 3 silence 3 full 3 pieces 3 smile 3 block 3 however 3 italy 3 we ' ve 3 among 3 very 3 moon 3 were n't 3 dry 3 indeed 3 tucker 3 sun 3 cop 3 nails 3 judy 's 3 changes 3 named 3 ass 3 between 3 space 3 book 3 kill 3 william 3 hole 3 dreams 3 pale 3 dollars 3 train 3 shoulder 3 guy 3 ground 3 beneath 3 should ' ve 3 anywhere 3 creepy 3 fragments 3 called 3 brute 3 studio 3 school 3 chase 3 resort 3 looking 3 anything 3 bought 3 counter 2 taken 2 sod 2 gray 2 satanic 2 guileless 2 wild 2 fair 2 project 2 death 2 crescent 2 loaded 2 owned 2 cola 2 musk 2 wheel 2 return 2 mason 2 samovar 2 serious 2 drunk 2 surprise 2 already 2 microwave 2 square 2 drugs 2 holding 2 personal 2 happy 2 table 2 caps 2 pulse 2 brim 2 vast 2 student 2 horns 2 country 2 met 2 wonder 2 cabinet 2 sleep 2 eventually 2 prior 2 located 2 huge 2 third 2 ordo 2 jones 2 dad 2 unfair 2 stuff 2 who 'd 2 gas 2 hope 2 fawkin ' 2 templi 2 sick 2 lane 2 wine 2 sea 2 patrons 2 flickers 2 bumper 2 talking 2 bare 2 lips 2 act 2 stolen 2 wrong 2 vegas 2 damn 2 damned 2 switch 2 picked 2 possible 2 shaken 2 orientis 2 iron 2 shit 2 move 2 99 2 moments 2 group 2 soon 2 merry - go - round 2 carsons 2 effort 2 image 2 saturday 2 chair 2 sorry 2 they 're 2 highway 2 teenage 2 wondering 2 came 2 sure 2 onto 2 prostitutes 2 briefing 2 nose 2 calls 2 voice 2 actually 2 would ' ve 2 anyone 2 awful 2 bugs 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 song 2 driveway 2 neither 2 doctor 2 unmarked 2 seen 2 begged 2 means 2 garbage 2 robot 2 recall 2 crush 2 museum 2 pipe 2 probably 2 heard 2 file 2 less 2 scenery 2 ink 2 paper 2 toward 2 washed 2 cast 2 sands 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 movies 2 psycho 2 ones 2 wax 2 clothes 2 suffering 2 woods 2 forced 2 mongrel 2 begin 2 thumb 2 shift 2 older 2 hundred 2 break 2 seemed 2 becomes 2 kids 2 intimate 2 quit 2 runs 2 northwest 2 sit 2 fractured 2 exit 2 soft 2 sex 2 has n't 2 killer 2 screwed 2 drips 2 tragedy 2 straight 2 murder 2 air 2 give 2 gaze 2 windows 2 leads 2 may 2 diamond 2 attached 2 graveyard 2 seattle 2 ah 2 impulse 2 kidnapped 2 number 2 surely 2 starts 2 event 2 wavers 2 pressure 2 far 2 admit 2 cancer 2 sheriff 's 2 ha 2 jc 2 cash 2 stumble 2 sir 2 ruined 2 anonymous 2 ancient 2 june 2 forth 2 exhibition 2 round 2 teeth 2 phone 2 showed 2 buddy 2 norman 2 boxes 2 throat 2 guys 2 curtain 2 lamp 2 hired 2 macy 2 safe 2 clouds 2 notion 2 message 2 magic 2 perhaps 2 dancing 2 bit 2 lots 2 god 's 2 worked 2 revenge 2 stretch 2 police 2 york 2 famous 2 should 2 holy 2 parallax 2 fine 2 watch 2 yourself 2 known 2 stare 2 ceramic 2 positively 2 rituals 2 cup 2 outside 2 center 2 physical 2 trunk 2 power 2 knocks 2 let 's 2 hours 2 gina 2 speak 2 mystery 2 call 2 items 2 mobile 2 argument 2 kurt 2 recedes 2 post 2 bathroom 2 ford 2 comes 2 sculptures 2 caught 2 grass 2 whore 2 media 2 clean 2 drive 2 testimony 2 saved 2 cards 2 buy 2 bundy 2 subject 2 beloved 2 gapes 2 rockwell 2 care 2 sky 2 poorly 2 dull 2 artifacts 2 ages 2 killers 2 mistake 2 blow 2 jane 2 cold 2 associates 2 cheap 2 happened 2 nail 2 thoughts 2 everybody 2 throbs 2 farm 2 become 2 expect 2 history 2 rest 2 cherry 2 swing 2 sip 2 wal - mart 2 romantic 2 legs 2 reported 2 work 2 nauseous 2 naturally 2 horror 2 each 2 coma 2 harmonica 2 close 2 sly 2 constricts 2 gallery 2 photos 2 golf 2 tonight 2 future 2 usually 2 problem 2 exactly 2 warm 2 traffic 2 dress 2 journal 2 blanket 2 coverage 2 weeks 2 horizon 2 placid 2 tips 2 vision 2 daily 2 bits 2 bright 2 same 2 free 2 glory 2 tracks 2 droplets 2 you ' ve 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 friends 2 chain 2 won 2 choppers 2 collar 2 seizure 2 looked 2 doe 2 public 2 kidnapping 2 must 2 faces 2 fisher 's 2 elf 2 interpol 2 dogs 2 touch 2 crash 2 wants 2 flushed 2 ready 2 track 2 bust 2 got ta 2 pacific 2 used 2 story 2 true 2 press 2 tickets 2 straw 2 believe 2 dicks 2 otherwise 2 moving 2 further 2 change 2 bailed 2 crisp 2 which 2 barnes ' 2 shaking 2 small 2 staring 2 former 2 dozen 2 low 2 nearly 2 finally 2 bands 2 turns 2 read 2 stroke 2 heavy 2 drove 2 century 2 task 2 fooled 2 academy 2 falls 2 leave 2 side 2 town 2 lines 2 paid 2 puppies 2 simply 2 vertigo 2 glasses 2 burn 2 works 2 stomach 2 shop 2 brown 2 times 2 persons 2 saw 2 demonstrated 2 chopping 1 registers 1 threshold 1 trust 1 numb 1 cerebrum 1 nature 's 1 artistic 1 throes 1 exercise 1 puffing 1 seeing 1 pawn 1 warden 1 confab 1 reminder 1 theatre 1 smells 1 ron 1 opera 1 torrence 1 dent 1 wizened 1 proof 1 8 1 giving 1 everyone 1 freddy 1 claustrophobic 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 ran 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 importance 1 paean 1 coincidences 1 crown 1 lift 1 identify 1 guest 1 treated 1 failed 1 sweating 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 hacked 1 rupture 1 ear 1 routines 1 toured 1 joseph 1 tires 1 chicago 1 lack 1 debts 1 fathom 1 rumble 1 strobes 1 breath 1 speculating 1 danced 1 fresh 1 figured 1 hatch 1 gather 1 patrol 1 housewife 1 amenities 1 cliffhanger 1 explode 1 minister 1 stone 1 rocks 1 fracture 1 poof 1 cerebral 1 sting 1 forty - two 1 la 1 dismiss 1 differently 1 cracks 1 semblance 1 ghost 1 vengeful 1 knowledge 1 fumes 1 saying 1 fateful 1 grounds 1 backpack 1 tap 1 ex - cop 1 approximately 1 flash 1 pile 1 evening 1 flatbed 1 taffy 1 deal 1 gasp 1 banker 1 networking 1 truthfully 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 whenever 1 inhale 1 trading 1 grad 1 substantial 1 poison 1 explains 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 leader 1 outline 1 expression 1 atoms 1 saint 1 torso 1 rummaged 1 formulate 1 brow 1 scrawl 1 dragged 1 winchester 1 laws 1 driven 1 cities 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 rushing 1 offered 1 victim 's 1 bleed 1 male 1 shut 1 apprentice 1 concrete 1 tugs 1 daubing 1 hypothesized 1 motes 1 anytime 1 saucers 1 eating 1 gothic 1 telegraph 1 valley 1 two - dimensional 1 dunes 1 oregon 1 tetragrams 1 russell 1 existence 1 good - night 1 jay 1 attest 1 maniac 1 register 1 brilliant 1 universe 1 checks 1 monday 1 profound 1 chambering 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 strains 1 blur 1 ashes 1 bottom 1 twitch 1 pulling 1 drippings 1 absence 1 character 1 grateful 1 bills 1 age 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 infinite 1 draft 1 results 1 foot 1 wrap 1 ticking 1 asceticism 1 tad 1 appear 1 n 's 1 thump 1 equation 1 caresses 1 knife 1 husband 1 fossil 1 natural 1 annette 1 hawk 1 released 1 poised 1 booze 1 moss 1 dapper 1 swami 1 cult 1 staggered 1 wunderkind 1 fills 1 hip - hop 1 prisoner 1 deathbed 1 omission 1 handshake 1 entire 1 cantonese 1 brochure 1 decayed 1 plastic 1 teller 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 beach 1 blame 1 hippie 1 glint 1 deadly 1 melted 1 coup 1 19 1 hill 1 smoking 1 expected 1 spectacle 1 tuned 1 shoot 1 yesterday 1 apocalyptic 1 temple 1 steak 1 studies 1 silent 1 cliff 1 causing 1 action 1 polar 1 vacuously 1 outfits 1 teletype 1 fat 1 atmosphere 1 orange 1 surprised 1 gravity 1 activities 1 author 1 slate 1 planned 1 throw 1 strands 1 dutchman 1 hob - nob 1 masochism 1 cross - legged 1 entertaining 1 janitors 1 rottweilers 1 san 1 caf 1 laborers 1 aluminum 1 clutched 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 dare 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 murderers 1 purse 1 flame 1 aleister 1 riding 1 climb 1 bloody 1 adulterer 1 wedding 1 they 'd 1 running 1 blasting 1 alone 1 little 1 pathos 1 combination 1 awkward 1 robin 1 j 1 gunfighter 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 spouses 1 beyond 1 corresponded 1 farce 1 score 1 dirty 1 masque 1 soaked 1 pit 1 fortune 1 mysterious 1 destroyed 1 rod 1 grimace 1 later 1 drains 1 trooper 1 tune 1 toothpick 1 canary 1 metal 1 resemble 1 disapproval 1 bianchi 1 biological 1 decked 1 ventilation 1 framed 1 kerosene 1 scented 1 periodically 1 firs 1 fugitive - from - hollywood 1 button 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 shimmer 1 jaws 1 brother 1 goes 1 promoting 1 postcard 1 clippings 1 unintelligible 1 sparks 1 angle 1 radio 1 scaffolds 1 forgotten 1 ocean 1 queasy 1 nevada 1 movie 1 fuhrman 1 activist 1 wipe 1 jump 1 theory 1 slurring 1 trashcans 1 sighting 1 beautiful 1 without 1 smacks 1 pictures 1 plaid 1 chapter 1 lam 1 radioactive 1 smiled 1 ruinous 1 pushes 1 endless 1 zero 1 footage 1 tank 1 bacardi 1 order 1 american - style 1 waterfront 1 sinatra 1 disintegrates 1 cro - magnon 1 data 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 chuckles 1 confession 1 scream 1 opportunity 1 d 1 chest 1 stoned 1 shadows 1 instrumental 1 slumped 1 like - minded 1 three - foot - high 1 someone 1 herself 1 agency 1 moons 1 smoke 1 child 1 vigil 1 subtracted 1 long - suffering 1 hooks 1 vitriolic 1 fizzes 1 send 1 states 1 needed 1 badge 1 pal 1 banged 1 skiing 1 cellophane - flesh 1 homework 1 delhi 1 incidents 1 silverfish 1 snort 1 discordant 1 checkered - past 1 expensive 1 illuminated 1 expedient 1 crunching 1 bone 1 goodness 1 ending 1 crosses 1 reopen 1 horribly 1 strapless 1 neurons 1 fields 1 fiasco 1 botch 1 electric 1 begins 1 special 1 totaled 1 horrors 1 changed 1 dodd 1 grimy 1 sits 1 handles 1 uxoricidal 1 palms 1 gin 1 kerchief 1 traveling 1 inmate 1 forward 1 luna 1 beat 1 correctional 1 stung 1 compared 1 strolls 1 premonition 1 positions 1 intent 1 relationship 1 ten 1 meets 1 sake 1 adolescent 1 minutia 1 delicate 1 blinded 1 cross 1 island 1 fence 1 hoping 1 authorities 1 monster 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 fir 1 weekend 1 thousands 1 doves 1 parked 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 3 1 rust 1 storm 1 reveals 1 mountains 1 parking 1 scads 1 sounds 1 n ' 1 horn 1 investigating 1 squeaks 1 part 1 pete 's 1 blobby 1 bullyboys 1 rescue 1 flight 1 chariots 1 shotgun 1 knows 1 cats 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 joyride 1 victim 1 basket 1 tacky 1 sweep 1 weighing 1 clarifies 1 remainder 1 park 1 drag 1 strong 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 sustained 1 marquee 1 balanced 1 fuse 1 presumed 1 paths 1 advanced 1 weekly 1 pasture 1 myth 1 matches 1 quickens 1 west 1 concern 1 farmer 1 fishing 1 stays 1 self - mutilation 1 dabbled 1 restored 1 john 1 ranks 1 indifference 1 numerous 1 glee 1 stalker 1 taint 1 workshop 1 catholic 1 senior 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 arts 1 loads 1 fly 1 degrees 1 mallet 1 casually 1 tremendous 1 1993 1 indecipherable 1 hank 1 dance 1 bobbed 1 received 1 stuck 1 westerns 1 swallows 1 backgammon 1 hi 1 devil 1 fbi 1 chapel 1 fluke 1 hurricane 1 finding 1 mesas 1 died 1 erected 1 bus 1 customs 1 cheaper 1 tricky 1 black - hearted 1 dentist 1 crowd 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 palm 1 rammed 1 cinder 1 flying 1 passing 1 shoulders 1 slept 1 discharges 1 2013 1 carcass 1 middle 1 fishhook 1 chewed 1 peirce 1 launched 1 indulged 1 adams 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flex 1 handed 1 eloquently 1 dutiful 1 liquor 1 high - tension 1 halfway 1 hitting 1 ahead 1 blacktop 1 relegated 1 adored 1 music 1 location 1 lumbers 1 carefully 1 engine 1 label 1 deserved 1 needs 1 focus 1 scratch 1 token 1 disfigured 1 discard 1 buttress 1 splinters 1 withdraws 1 lesbian 1 peculiar 1 discuss 1 deliver 1 gauzy 1 steady 1 fifteen - minute 1 necessarily 1 gnaw 1 rings 1 laughing 1 blows 1 forges 1 basilisk 1 disregard 1 braided 1 careen 1 drinks 1 venezuela 1 france 1 pursuit 1 disappeared 1 collects 1 scattering 1 bronze 1 brave 1 buttons 1 dwindles 1 ant 1 honest - to - betsy 1 ladies ' 1 buzzing 1 bat 1 award 1 ties 1 kato 1 bloodhound 1 consider 1 banana 1 noose 1 knuckle - whiteners 1 jabbing 1 stockings 1 funicello 1 funny 1 pursued 1 design 1 drawled 1 worried 1 maneuver 1 numerals 1 synaptic 1 picket 1 locks 1 digging 1 et 1 pulses 1 blurred 1 united 1 imperatives 1 parents 1 catches 1 chemicals 1 murdered 1 friendly 1 toilet 1 flea 1 monument 1 petrified 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 vein 1 g 1 diesel 1 fueled 1 entered 1 stir 1 hung 1 harangues 1 enters 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 boxed 1 stabbed 1 besides 1 bleach - blond 1 loved 1 hollowed 1 cluttering 1 curve 1 commercial 1 smug 1 muttering 1 disciple 1 worse 1 cinematic 1 respirator 1 snake - oil 1 broken 1 enamel 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sways 1 machinations 1 esoteric 1 holes 1 warmth 1 conclaves 1 news 1 so - called 1 worth 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 snuck 1 slippery 1 hubs 1 do - overs 1 lapd - o 1 fairy - tale 1 doughnuts 1 collided 1 dragging 1 divided 1 crystal - studded 1 frustration 1 sank 1 forefinger 1 lumped 1 yates 1 oblique 1 hospital 1 ce 1 marker 1 early 1 customary 1 maniacal 1 38 1 chloroformed 1 widower 1 smashes 1 plato 1 rumpled 1 addiction 1 backroom 1 criticized 1 swilled 1 throng 1 smooth 1 figure 1 walkin ' 1 ten - gallon 1 being 1 gibberish 1 priest 1 lanky 1 twist 1 planes 1 morgana 1 casinos 1 gravel 1 hers 1 brownstones 1 pleasure 1 gamut 1 porn 1 glances 1 sympathetic 1 bracing 1 candle 1 blinks 1 abducted 1 crying 1 holds 1 veins 1 boa 1 cutbacks 1 snoozing 1 regard 1 corridor 1 glare 1 walk 1 wires 1 hard 1 drawings 1 barges 1 cowboy 1 hobby 1 swimmer 1 crimson 1 fruiting 1 leaking 1 managed 1 stewing 1 off - brand 1 softball 1 margins 1 proved 1 swaggered 1 whittlin ' 1 nurse 1 heels 1 clumps 1 oxygen 1 slowly 1 financed 1 king 1 cease 1 hefty 1 not - guilty 1 carried 1 jitters 1 capitol 1 nightcap 1 sweater 1 distribution 1 spike 1 stranger 1 folded 1 christ 's 1 coat 1 thunderheads 1 mess 1 supernova 1 coach 1 migrant 1 grainy 1 journalists 1 tubes 1 connections 1 pay 1 galleries 1 igloo 1 receive 1 slammed 1 toast 1 fund 1 wipes 1 cut 1 champ 1 clattering 1 flatness 1 realized 1 basically 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 demonic 1 lake 1 chasm 1 packed 1 meaning 1 largesse 1 gentle 1 leaguer 1 rolling 1 evaporated 1 longs 1 pussyfooting 1 obscurity 1 musty 1 martyr 1 hundred - car 1 shape 1 played 1 evil 1 falling 1 dictator 1 talent 1 north 1 1983 - 84 1 violins 1 negatives 1 attic 1 gaps 1 ward 1 maintain 1 afraid 1 abyss 1 kitten 1 housewives 1 gee 1 handsome 1 cooling 1 twice 1 vacuum 1 jewelry 1 counterpunching 1 flies 1 madcap 1 midnight 1 ricardo 1 radio - clock 1 closed 1 mouthful 1 dvd 1 globe 1 filled 1 international 1 o 1 owner - operator 1 dying 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 cannibal 1 usurp 1 priceless 1 burnt 1 police - drama 1 suddenly 1 apart 1 watches 1 curse 1 glorious 1 domain 1 filmed 1 congratulates 1 judith 1 corners 1 math 1 limousine 1 boom 1 watering 1 datsun 1 michelangelo 1 proving 1 anguish 1 ordained 1 revelation 1 desperate 1 squeak 1 grant 1 ample 1 utilities 1 use 1 theme 1 shallow 1 icebergs 1 white - gold 1 retrospective 1 tirelessly 1 small - town 1 minutes 1 panels 1 secretarial 1 dried 1 mentioned 1 rj 1 surfboard 1 back - page 1 bill 1 you 'd 1 facility 1 march 1 tumbler 1 anniversary 1 vindication 1 fellow 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 subsequently 1 agate 1 hair 's 1 fool 1 taps 1 spaghetti 1 searching 1 belly 1 owns 1 sunlight 1 stick 1 profanities 1 ancients 1 surveillance 1 pebbled 1 hoarse 1 curls 1 suburban 1 stranger 's 1 wags 1 softly 1 magical 1 hemorrhaging 1 taste 1 ivy 1 trembles 1 planet 1 jury 1 greasy 1 70 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 embalming 1 trying 1 lay 1 entrance 1 placing 1 major 1 comprised 1 shindigs 1 forget 1 bastard 1 disembodied 1 play 1 oakland 1 particles 1 noise 1 infamous 1 learned 1 incongruity 1 auntie 1 mighty 1 rags 1 resurrects 1 widened 1 smoky 1 vessels 1 beforehand 1 board 1 moans 1 choked 1 lights 1 breast 1 guts 1 grasp 1 activity 1 oozing 1 birds 1 gropes 1 cookie 1 provocative 1 marvin 1 warped 1 flesh 1 flooded 1 bermuda 1 note 1 memos 1 rumors 1 market 1 fight 1 western 1 curl 1 eons 1 mitts 1 south 1 sorting 1 rendezvous 1 front 1 certain 1 barrel 1 asking 1 professional 1 geography 1 12 1 directly 1 china 1 fractal 1 rival 1 jagged 1 technicality 1 keens 1 government 1 occasionally 1 swiped 1 somethin ' 1 wholesome 1 promised 1 larry 1 stink 1 cement 1 river 1 bar 1 heads 1 pronounce 1 interest 1 reaches 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 sensibilities 1 cosmopolitan 1 conniver 1 men 1 greek 's 1 quantum 1 sags 1 forensics 1 hip 1 ghouls 1 drenched 1 patty 1 tapped 1 maintenance 1 loaned 1 suspicions 1 shell 1 squalid 1 rocketing 1 fiction 1 bulky 1 curled 1 assail 1 rage 1 grief 1 crater 1 lonesome 1 euphoria 1 pointing 1 sports 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 girders 1 disc 1 yelm 1 clamps 1 earth 1 bizarrely 1 tinsel 1 graphic 1 process 1 collecting 1 doorstep 1 lunch 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 eyeballs 1 decipher 1 functionally 1 indictment 1 knowing 1 rotted 1 threw 1 business 1 strong - arm 1 tears 1 shines 1 good - natured 1 pads 1 bitter - sweet 1 hounds 1 wondered 1 lance 1 cameraman 1 exotic 1 bend 1 ceti 1 cortez 1 whereabouts 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 gurney 1 creeps 1 well - heeled 1 support 1 add 1 wrapped 1 salesman 1 inertia 1 crawls 1 created 1 bureau 1 colossus 1 happens 1 preceding 1 hoax 1 mostly 1 hollows 1 wife 's 1 negative 1 historic 1 hate 1 goddamn 1 constrictor 1 romance 1 designers 1 multiple 1 shaped 1 rental 1 clue 1 fixing 1 tick 1 lady 1 painted 1 marry 1 ticket 1 i-5 1 claws 1 dims 1 comment 1 filed 1 jar 1 humble 1 aftershave 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 micromoment 1 portfolio 1 open 1 mannequin 1 artistes 1 beg 1 interlaced 1 trusty 1 jumpsuit 1 part 's 1 plow 1 snopes 1 dog 1 splash 1 severed 1 jacked 1 bundle 1 clipper 1 disappear 1 shared 1 crossbar 1 kabbalists 1 muted 1 arrive 1 slope 1 pack 1 cicadas 1 connection 1 tapes 1 anyone 's 1 kaleidoscope 1 furtive 1 tat 1 lip 1 mesmerized 1 coordinates 1 rational 1 beast 1 shorn 1 arranged 1 sour 1 cycle 1 pity 1 jenna 1 hatefully 1 repository 1 materializes 1 bag 1 directions 1 impoverishment 1 windbreakers 1 kicking 1 promotional 1 lifting 1 deluxe 1 main 1 nerves 1 scrap 1 doodles 1 interior 1 feat 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 graves 1 autopilot 1 sorrow 1 excellent 1 crumbling 1 opening 1 martin 1 palace 1 knickknacks 1 annie 1 month 1 simpson 1 float 1 orbit 1 closing 1 exuded 1 oak 1 demolition 1 static 1 tang 1 appears 1 national 1 taller 1 stand 1 incandesces 1 pushed 1 legion 1 ovaries 1 doin ' 1 beginning 1 shuddered 1 prompting 1 italian 1 husbands 1 scythes 1 study 1 arm 1 fundamental 1 family 1 characterize 1 california 1 rabbits 1 proper 1 sends 1 devotion 1 serried 1 midwest 1 bitch 1 halcyon 1 organized 1 safely 1 facing 1 gills 1 slip 1 lean 1 dreamscape 1 grieving 1 gastrointestinal 1 prove 1 fearless 1 bungalow 1 dead 1 curdles 1 together 1 ledger 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 hood 1 photo 1 greys ' 1 closet 1 overhand 1 compressed 1 assumes 1 humdrum 1 speeches 1 untouched 1 east 1 pauses 1 continent 1 security 1 unmistakably 1 purple 1 struggles 1 stared 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 cactus 1 adjusts 1 station 1 linen 1 wrecking 1 arrives 1 investigators 1 ridgeway 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 muses 1 saloon 1 understood 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 old - school 1 bestseller 1 moss - encrusted 1 esperanto 1 thick 1 starving 1 evident 1 remnants 1 random 1 tanks 1 run 1 wedge 1 precedent 1 answer 1 jackpot 1 rearview 1 treasures 1 disposable 1 badges 1 triangle 1 distend 1 sledgehammer 1 exhalations 1 fucking 1 vine 1 availed 1 frame 1 hog 1 remains 1 decent 1 grab 1 scrapes 1 lazy 1 variations 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 built 1 luxury 1 v 1 worries 1 memory 1 gathered 1 accepting 1 bones 1 catalyst 1 spine 1 unrestrained 1 credit 1 brawls 1 trembling 1 breeze 1 emails 1 congress 1 unlocked 1 threats 1 elements 1 accusations 1 observing 1 seems 1 perfume 1 clank 1 several 1 laughs 1 indulge 1 aware 1 stops 1 leagues 1 flinch 1 raveled 1 receded 1 wallop 1 wishes 1 corporate 1 record 1 sing 1 krakatoa 1 bloodstain 1 resemblance 1 designer - model 1 prolonged 1 apples 1 plush 1 mile 1 reel 1 border 1 talked 1 america 1 sweats 1 bound 1 shackles 1 counts 1 mature 1 foams 1 circumference 1 lock 1 tau 1 miles 1 images 1 iceboxes 1 shrill 1 sprung 1 whether 1 forever 1 possess 1 coordinate 1 neon 1 devil 's 1 feeling 1 dogged 1 thanks 1 grave 1 stutter 1 shakes 1 count 1 pillow 1 decolonized 1 deny 1 dumb 1 parks 1 gr 1 consternation 1 cruises 1 backed 1 unfortunate 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 sleepy 1 sagged 1 founders 1 bankers 1 towel 1 melancholy 1 rushes 1 joe 1 molted 1 finished 1 ripping 1 half 1 interrogations 1 straws 1 searched 1 appearances 1 nodding 1 doubt 1 dominic 1 panic 1 assault 1 hidden 1 testing 1 crowley 1 why 'd 1 hinterlands 1 double 1 squeeze 1 glamorous 1 hardly 1 slops 1 outer 1 handiwork 1 rottweiler 1 drowned 1 rooms 1 franchise 1 chums 1 kid 1 spokesperson 1 hives 1 scrambles 1 net 1 caressed 1 superb 1 environmental 1 shadow 1 prison - interview 1 attrition 1 considered 1 soap 1 climbin ' 1 stride 1 worst 1 rutted 1 witness 1 fierceness 1 cubes 1 glaze 1 pears 1 plummet 1 bleached 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 reasons 1 possession 1 private 1 slob 1 title 1 heel 1 rule 1 yarn 1 wind 1 cover 1 nger 1 slipping 1 covering 1 seagulls 1 magnet 1 warning 1 tonic 1 arrest 1 network 1 wrist 1 accounted 1 theories 1 doppelg 1 deserve 1 upcoming 1 tore 1 blinking 1 kindness 1 three - day 1 cruiser 's 1 spliced 1 clever 1 erupts 1 signed 1 became 1 popular 1 numbers 1 hey 1 theater 1 strip 1 overhead 1 miniature 1 shipment 1 handle 1 eh 1 coroner 's 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 87 1 coincidence 1 blurry 1 closes 1 inescapable 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 brood 1 sunday 's 1 hassle 1 bowed 1 drift 1 converted 1 pd 1 de 1 bomb 1 handsets 1 waxed 1 billion 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 blackouts 1 prerecorded 1 doctor 's 1 sat 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 collected 1 suffocated 1 toes 1 ski 1 premiere 1 elongated 1 savagely 1 archipelago 1 settles 1 hangs 1 often 1 intensity 1 cambridge 1 replacement 1 distracted 1 arose 1 ya 1 squashed 1 timeframe 1 chirr 1 treading 1 liverpool 1 francisco 1 summer 1 robots 1 xx-201957 1 whiskey 1 rich 1 fuses 1 prison 1 scary 1 explanation 1 7 1 loose 1 others 1 millstone 1 sent 1 sneaky 1 sinews 1 misdemeanor 1 shade 1 eaten 1 busload 1 alarm 1 fragile 1 clutches 1 decameron 1 builds 1 den 1 no - talent 1 expressed 1 saboteurs 1 given 1 aged 1 lotta 1 whimpering 1 gong 1 denied 1 nictitates 1 coward 1 pantry 1 ad 1 article 1 slot 1 link 1 wham 1 chat 1 lives 1 peer 1 territory 1 weeds 1 speaks 1 dealers 1 mammoth 1 asserted 1 macabre 1 donate 1 insignificant 1 savage 1 memorized 1 catching 1 patronizing 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 plausible 1 pathologists 1 visited 1 piles 1 motive 1 offer 1 pulls 1 dramatic 1 lava 1 haggard 1 tuesday 1 occult 1 rounds 1 flower - print 1 pie 1 bawling 1 thirty - six 1 mood 1 metaphorically 1 draped 1 pattern 1 fully 1 phantasmagoria 1 taking 1 well - pleased 1 cynic 1 agents 1 prefers 1 computers 1 needle 1 sonofagun 1 style 1 humdingers 1 signal 1 hooch 1 mason 's 1 farthest 1 neckties 1 twenty - or 1 herbal 1 television 1 rugby 1 afterimages 1 pulled 1 admitted 1 gods 1 lambada 1 crocodile 1 hears 1 chewing 1 fabled 1 mc 1 deformed 1 himself 1 indelible 1 properties 1 machines 1 county 1 scanning 1 rap 1 hitched 1 bullets 1 alive 1 pays 1 polychromatic 1 latent 1 tongue 1 quote 1 exclusive 1 paraplegia 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pours 1 face - saving 1 wither 1 guzzling 1 select 1 store 1 trip 1 silhouettes 1 pills 1 heap 1 native 1 douglas 1 machinery 1 statue 1 diapers 1 walking 1 attended 1 bank 1 bored 1 tour 1 vehicle 1 axe 1 slap 1 friend 1 youth 1 threshing 1 hums 1 pioneer 1 bull 1 wasted 1 seals 1 logjam 1 blew 1 knees 1 tit 1 they ' ve 1 frequency 1 shy 1 mar 1 doom 1 hamlet 1 lunches 1 dj 's 1 vehicles 1 complicated 1 drowning 1 confirm 1 oils 1 empty 1 eco - terrorists 1 terminally 1 mother 1 hit - and - run 1 concentrate 1 exaggerated 1 retiree 1 evergreen 1 rifle 1 leftover 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 quiver 1 swinging 1 eyeliner 1 disqualified 1 vent 1 cramps 1 hits 1 etched 1 grabs 1 sneak 1 lab 1 swallowed 1 worm 1 seagull 1 bee 's 1 beef 1 stark 1 acclaimed 1 resembles 1 quickly 1 snake - skin 1 desire 1 trailing 1 festival 1 fruit 1 could n't 1 gloom 1 stamping 1 solid 1 finds 1 apron 1 are n't 1 culprit 1 tourist 1 darkens 1 newspaper 1 courtroom 1 causes 1 stashed 1 floating 1 dime 1 sold 1 shuts 1 suv 1 smithsonian 1 hang - ups 1 confiscated 1 spill 1 hydraulics 1 immense 1 wing 1 objects 1 palermo 1 unknown 1 machine 1 neglected 1 actresses 1 detractors 1 liver 1 williams 1 trap 1 scribbling 1 obeyed 1 twin 1 extortion 1 pull 1 divide 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 jerk 1 lungs 1 fidget 1 instead 1 sort 1 should n't 1 sauce 1 drank 1 florid 1 accomplish 1 illiterate 1 creased 1 bigger 1 maples 1 tu 1 vice 1 charisma 1 insubstantial 1 warns 1 balloonlike 1 intelligencer 1 tons 1 machiavelli 1 held 1 divorce 1 clear 1 distends 1 schneider 's 1 nucleus 1 riptide 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 cigarette 1 feminine 1 knives 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 volunteers 1 strapped 1 otero 1 off - kilter 1 try 1 polish 1 pause 1 wayne 1 killed 1 enemy 1 paint 1 snap 1 paraffin 1 despise 1 wore 1 150 1 sunday 1 champagne 1 photographs 1 contacted 1 sandals 1 present 1 republic 1 fanfare 1 fog 1 headed 1 cashing 1 blockbuster 1 dome 1 creases 1 weather 1 comrades 1 unseasonably 1 swapped 1 common 1 stalked 1 precautions 1 driving 1 chord 1 tried 1 supposed 1 smelly 1 tells 1 walked 1 correct 1 noticed 1 alamogordo 1 lovely 1 flexible 1 five 1 utter 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 ja - ack 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 hornet 1 cathedral 1 club 1 jelly 1 list 1 multiplying 1 accident 1 tics 1 stage 1 massive 1 core 1 supper 1 angstrom 1 torpedoing 1 invisible 1 shrivel 1 bops 1 tunnel 1 confront 1 slowdown 1 spines 1 medieval 1 speeding 1 vocal 1 opens 1 designs 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 oprah 1 translucent 1 gold 1 shutter 1 dirge 1 poster 1 chance 1 majority 1 tube 1 aneurysm 1 involvement 1 raises 1 investigation 1 traces 1 correction 1 loyal 1 require 1 strikes 1 flamboyant 1 ride 1 rattling 1 volkswagen 1 montalb 1 starting 1 abusive 1 assholes 1 dairy 1 fata 1 genius 1 hang 1 gangstas 1 brought 1 orgies 1 mark 1 leaped 1 listen 1 foundation 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 shake 1 detonation 1 drop 1 ridge 1 underground 1 invention 1 couple 's 1 circumstantial 1 shudders 1 services 1 reduced 1 ghosts 1 soul 1 community 1 deed 1 flair 1 motels 1 anne 1 flowerbox 922 .
strappado - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 strappado 394 the 278 and 192 a 190 of 114 to 110 his 104 in 91 he 69 was 52 kenshi 48 with 41 from 40 at 39 it 38 on 37 swayne 35 for 34 him 33 were 32 had 30 their 28 that 27 as 24 them 22 an 21 they 20 by 20 or 19 into 18 said 18 one 18 been 15 you 15 he 'd 15 this 15 all 14 no 13 her 13 like 13 there 12 van 12 man 12 up 12 black 12 kenshi 's 12 through 11 what 11 but 11 over 11 i 11 guzman 10 after 10 if 10 be 10 so 10 made 10 hotel 10 walther 10 iblis 10 out 9 hendrika 9 she 9 much 9 another 9 red 9 thought 9 did n't 9 when 9 door 9 around 8 white 8 would 8 rashid 8 few 8 off 8 about 8 face 8 not 7 near 7 more 7 such 7 men 7 three 7 then 7 yet 7 day 7 wore 7 fedor 6 who 6 plastic 6 its 6 group 6 back 6 andersen 6 went 6 your 6 left 6 music 6 american 6 world 6 is 6 old 6 open 6 blue 6 himself 6 which 6 these 5 even 5 job 5 go 5 away 5 came 5 do n't 5 new 5 again 5 only 5 none 5 air 5 too 5 edge 5 until 5 down 5 several 5 water 5 each 5 blond 5 ever 5 friend 5 cigarette 5 once 5 enough 5 noted 4 everyone 4 local 4 show 4 i ' m 4 could 4 hair 4 later 4 turn 4 under 4 smiled 4 narrow 4 would ' ve 4 regarding 4 come 4 next 4 company 4 some 4 guests 4 know 4 stood 4 lamps 4 got 4 began 4 viking 4 returned 4 lay 4 bit 4 bar 4 although 4 indian 4 during 4 darkness 4 breathed 4 caught 4 eyes 4 art 4 gathered 4 might 4 two 4 let 4 will 4 monastery 4 suit 4 blood 4 between 4 tour 4 laughed 4 called 4 found 4 while 4 floor 4 barrels 4 she 'd 4 along 4 before 3 me 3 farther 3 gone 3 people 3 wet 3 behind 3 streets 3 rather 3 bottles 3 who 'd 3 discoth 3 dream 3 shoot 3 never 3 dark 3 series 3 they 'd 3 little 3 was n't 3 those 3 say 3 neck 3 soon 3 end 3 shadows 3 voice 3 disco 3 welcome 3 any 3 look 3 explained 3 good 3 heard 3 vodka 3 last 3 against 3 certainly 3 i ' ve 3 why 3 course 3 seemed 3 other 3 discovered 3 walls 3 gravel 3 number 3 now 3 waited 3 how 3 far 3 realized 3 exhibition 3 dirt 3 closed 3 phone 3 ken 3 fellow 3 belly 3 perhaps 3 apartment 3 reunion 3 comprised 3 above 3 knew 3 thank 3 hell 3 trench 3 nothing 3 outside 3 business 3 vans 3 drink 3 pressed 3 shared 3 bulldozer 3 feet 3 drained 3 every 3 mouth 3 own 3 had n't 3 aside 3 japanese 3 relatively 3 are 3 long 3 took 3 second 3 it 's 3 half 3 close 3 light 3 still 3 very 3 que 3 curtains 3 deep 3 approached 3 similar 3 cloth 3 whiskey 3 reporter 3 others 3 here 3 put 3 appeared 3 within 3 dressed 3 because 3 shoulder 3 swayne 's 3 mumbai 3 hand 3 small 3 nearly 3 across 3 finally 3 night 3 five 3 club 3 side 3 shirt 3 town 3 short 3 head 3 room 3 first 2 dropped 2 installations 2 tables 2 ran 2 ear 2 breath 2 return 2 stone 2 photographer 2 heavily 2 drugs 2 arms 2 thigh 2 building 2 real 2 country 2 that 's 2 sight 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 locations 2 european 2 doing 2 get 2 mate 2 something 2 tiger 2 foreign 2 sporadic 2 area 2 machetes 2 extent 2 moss 2 represented 2 wine 2 drainage 2 patrons 2 assembled 2 many 2 fat 2 god 2 orange 2 disconnected 2 college 2 way 2 german 2 software 2 presented 2 cigarettes 2 alone 2 swept 2 modules 2 rules 2 possible 2 recurring 2 metal 2 poured 2 introduced 2 gave 2 preferred 2 we 2 than 2 living 2 suspected 2 they 're 2 chest 2 wave 2 kind 2 comfort 2 muggers 2 spaces 2 electric 2 actually 2 shed 2 awful 2 warehouse 2 colleagues 2 ceiling 2 authorities 2 weekend 2 most 2 rang 2 wall 2 fact 2 seen 2 meet 2 probably 2 paper 2 everywhere 2 make 2 big 2 snatched 2 hanging 2 property 2 squeezed 2 clothes 2 else 2 busy 2 foam 2 swamp 2 advertising 2 impending 2 wanted 2 soft 2 sex 2 well 2 news 2 ball 2 yeah 2 leaned 2 abandoned 2 road 2 form 2 being 2 possessed 2 various 2 bony 2 windows 2 wrists 2 walk 2 carried 2 bled 2 shot 2 kilometers 2 acknowledged 2 caused 2 suite 2 french 2 slacks 2 field 2 anonymous 2 forth 2 member 2 time 2 handsome 2 u 2 cell 2 international 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 interviews 2 days 2 curtain 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 porch 2 events 2 whilst 2 sitar 2 via 2 victrola 2 place 2 help 2 thin 2 cracked 2 choked 2 flesh 2 naked 2 eye 2 jungle 2 market 2 south 2 assistant 2 york 2 contact 2 promised 2 answered 2 utterly 2 doors 2 think 2 atop 2 tickled 2 line 2 need 2 does 2 difficult 2 wondered 2 trucks 2 tourists 2 rashid 's 2 pants 2 mostly 2 rental 2 lover 2 suits 2 buffet 2 pavilion 2 courts 2 have 2 erasing 2 whatever 2 grass 2 emotional 2 interior 2 float 2 static 2 pushed 2 grimly 2 spoke 2 arm 2 shirts 2 belts 2 guerilla 2 smoked 2 suburbs 2 cold 2 password 2 english 2 stared 2 guzman 's 2 lived 2 thick 2 antiquated 2 fucking 2 home 2 large 2 couple 2 hands 2 laughter 2 grand 2 my 2 history 2 legs 2 started 2 leg 2 emerged 2 forever 2 civilized 2 weight 2 find 2 site 2 shadow 2 breakfast 2 slav 2 tonight 2 knocked 2 firm 2 rain 2 i 'll 2 nonetheless 2 tight 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 strip 2 blanket 2 stopped 2 companions 2 sat 2 weeks 2 sun 2 six 2 remembered 2 free 2 dangled 2 clay 2 banyan 2 link 2 wedged 2 beer 2 public 2 entry 2 asshole 2 oddly 2 cameras 2 must 2 faces 2 since 2 swung 2 wooden 2 lost 2 watched 2 led 2 spare 2 wear 2 pale 2 native 2 covered 2 asked 2 empty 2 beneath 2 fashion 2 rushed 2 anywhere 2 protested 2 crowded 2 point 2 dread 2 dozen 2 inevitable 2 pause 2 paint 2 films 2 heavy 2 see 2 weather 2 general 2 bitter 2 acid 2 frenchmen 2 resultant 2 instant 2 glasses 2 years 2 bought 2 circular 2 openings 2 party 2 tennis 2 high 2 saw 2 scene 1 greeting 1 supplied 1 concludes 1 london 1 swiveled 1 married 1 eschew 1 inevitability 1 panaflex 1 clang 1 declared 1 corn 1 midair 1 expressions 1 verandas 1 steadily 1 going 1 gloves 1 wild 1 wealthy 1 k 1 lucid 1 bench 1 confab 1 flattened 1 project 1 estimate 1 sheets 1 swarm 1 death 1 loaded 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 flopped 1 invited 1 owned 1 stifled 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 miserable 1 cocooned 1 experimentation 1 pacified 1 ashamed 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 really 1 squatted 1 hacked 1 sweat - stained 1 thunderclouds 1 whom 1 tires 1 wash 1 obi 1 speculating 1 curiously 1 expose 1 rose 1 episode 1 heaped 1 forays 1 prohibition 1 bronzed 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 already 1 fetched 1 ghost 1 commented 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 vigorously 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 square 1 tightly 1 tap 1 envy 1 evening 1 devices 1 insiders 1 environments 1 plantations 1 virtue 1 personal 1 allegedly 1 malta 1 goggled 1 banker 1 trauma 1 table 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 exposure 1 trading 1 pulse 1 vast 1 lofty 1 villas 1 met 1 realizing 1 port 1 travelers 1 logical 1 blasted 1 translations 1 referred 1 polite 1 considering 1 gentleman 1 arrived 1 lid 1 laws 1 stamps 1 advertised 1 driven 1 cities 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 rushing 1 offered 1 shut 1 lest 1 alcove 1 precinct 1 motes 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 regular 1 abruptly 1 gothic 1 anxious 1 gnats 1 surviving 1 carpets 1 huge 1 tree 1 third 1 fog - shrouded 1 dumped 1 unsealed 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 clamped 1 strains 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 furrows 1 hot 1 retorts 1 elsewhere 1 absence 1 lilies 1 plain 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 vasilov 1 bazaar 1 smell 1 distorted 1 birmingham 1 want 1 lemon 1 experiences 1 christian 1 large - scale 1 bath 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 sheet 1 exist 1 siblings 1 right 1 necessary 1 charming 1 conditioning 1 humming 1 proscribed 1 card 1 sick 1 measures 1 creepers 1 four 1 alchemy 1 staggered 1 day - glo 1 halftracks 1 fringes 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 entire 1 artists 1 tools 1 conversations 1 surreptitious 1 purchased 1 luck 1 mercifully 1 imperial 1 listened 1 paneled 1 tie 1 sea 1 scandalized 1 coils 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 blocking 1 elite 1 yesterday 1 advance 1 viewings 1 silent 1 snaked 1 trapped 1 argentinean 1 exclaimed 1 bangalore 1 recoil 1 popped 1 terraced 1 hard - bitten 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 elderly 1 bollywood 1 exact 1 self - loathing 1 wry 1 collegiate 1 gorge 1 remaining 1 crap 1 imported 1 investment 1 dreaming 1 quick 1 illnesses 1 bloody 1 dilapidated 1 terrace 1 nina 1 running 1 nervous 1 apprehension 1 dewlapped 1 models 1 refused 1 questions 1 hire 1 beyond 1 illegible 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 relations 1 pit 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 canada 1 embedded 1 alcohol 1 months 1 shaken 1 kept 1 dear 1 rotting 1 handshakes 1 past 1 condos 1 passed 1 backside 1 swished 1 timidity 1 kerosene 1 balcony 1 modernized 1 guides 1 doorman 1 britain 1 shit 1 privately 1 conversation 1 sighs 1 misgivings 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 determined 1 ploughed 1 moments 1 overly 1 affection 1 enormous 1 goes 1 notice 1 hookah 1 motion 1 tourism 1 confines 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 forgotten 1 designers - fran 1 bed 1 urine 1 homeless 1 respective 1 coddling 1 neatly 1 great 1 scarcely 1 europeans 1 sullen 1 walled 1 pictures 1 butt 1 envelope 1 violates 1 follow 1 effort 1 continued 1 timbuktu 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 grates 1 zero 1 image 1 copy 1 countrymen 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 friday 1 jean 1 ignored 1 supple 1 palpably 1 unease 1 viking 's 1 droves 1 regret 1 roamed 1 interested 1 corrosive 1 lime 1 congregated 1 gozo 1 pissing 1 someone 1 sure 1 foreigners 1 soundlessly 1 onto 1 whole 1 phones 1 guru 1 dorm 1 rattled 1 delhi 1 michelle 1 nose 1 breasts 1 glumly 1 screamed 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 lying 1 trembled 1 rubbed 1 intertwined 1 convoluted 1 occasional 1 dissolution 1 ultimately 1 quickening 1 s 1 grimy 1 pleasant 1 disconsolate 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 acid - filled 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 beat 1 snow - cool 1 cap 1 soot 1 co - host 1 barriers 1 flicked 1 comptroller 1 did 1 bugs 1 chalk - faced 1 evening 's 1 immensity 1 announced 1 erections 1 businessman 1 endeavor 1 ripe 1 mini 1 sweet 1 prepping 1 fence 1 parked 1 waist 1 wallet 1 slender 1 rust 1 hat 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 blizzard 1 reedy 1 there 's 1 village 1 sounds 1 dappled 1 wheeled 1 unplugged 1 gangs 1 neither 1 survived 1 part 1 where 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 braced 1 lifetime 1 bellicose 1 upon 1 plates 1 stayed 1 employer 1 resumed 1 rim 1 folklore 1 basket 1 patrolled 1 sloppy 1 buddhists 1 stripes 1 placate 1 locals 1 ached 1 enthused 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 adjoined 1 seven 1 pasture 1 jerk 's 1 bioluminescent 1 west 1 museum 1 pipe 1 shriveled 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 registered 1 rub 1 flat 1 elbow 1 compatriots 1 unzipped 1 vendor 1 calamity 1 fly 1 less 1 talker 1 casually 1 dance 1 ink 1 tasted 1 accent 1 creaked 1 skull 1 lukewarm 1 stuck 1 identity 1 roaring 1 devil 1 almost 1 fbi 1 bellowing 1 deserted 1 contacts 1 toward 1 yeah - good 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 eminent 1 washed 1 obliviously 1 fluorescent 1 science 1 mr 1 crowd 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 slashed 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 passing 1 odor 1 choose 1 tensions 1 teardrop 1 grew 1 displayed 1 mumbled 1 fabric 1 scorched 1 robes 1 film 1 mist 1 handed 1 impression 1 liquor 1 spot - a 1 ahead 1 non 1 glass 1 location 1 indians 1 playing 1 resisted 1 label 1 forced 1 inside 1 likely 1 shorter 1 barely 1 cluttered 1 settled 1 rings 1 satellite 1 floodlights 1 drinks 1 remove 1 pursuit 1 docile 1 scattering 1 whooping 1 mind 1 offing 1 lag 1 award 1 import 1 sleek 1 alley 1 carpet 1 noose 1 crushingly 1 accented 1 paved 1 lower 1 accounts 1 edifice 1 branding 1 some - thing 1 dashing 1 wingtip 1 paintings 1 scummy 1 harris 1 sender 1 electrified 1 muttered 1 stage - whispered 1 worthy 1 oxford 1 except 1 hand - scrawled 1 crackled 1 casino 1 faux 1 wankers 1 oise 1 honeydew 1 deposited 1 entered 1 curry 1 sweltering 1 hung 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 shamelessly 1 eclectic 1 thrill 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 breaker 1 exit 1 consultant 1 culture 1 kilroy 1 bathhouses 1 guide 1 blared 1 speakers 1 abutted 1 dissolving 1 humiliating 1 elusiveness 1 dishes 1 broken 1 reports 1 pimp 1 doctors 1 desolate 1 harbor 1 polished 1 concentrated 1 sharp 1 alleys 1 gaped 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 followed 1 strange 1 borrowed 1 development - perhaps 1 quasi - political 1 trek 1 meant 1 straight 1 santa 1 complexion 1 sandaled 1 grata 1 swilled 1 farewells 1 subdued 1 walkways 1 executive 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lie 1 flights 1 chief 1 derived 1 keening 1 july 1 possibly 1 funeral 1 may 1 presently 1 different 1 displays 1 functional 1 demarcated 1 casinos 1 pleasure 1 glances 1 forearm 1 extraordinary 1 candle 1 tigers 1 blocks 1 crying 1 blimp 1 corridor 1 cabs 1 opium 1 hard 1 styling 1 brilliantly 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 flickering 1 sundry 1 vied 1 swimmer 1 toppled 1 managed 1 fag 1 rubbish 1 exploded 1 haunches 1 surmounted 1 scouting 1 scale 1 heels 1 clumps 1 inveterate 1 tape 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 pigs ' 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 picasso 1 also 1 distribution 1 sheds 1 aboard 1 heritage 1 erosion 1 outright 1 albeit 1 golden 1 brows 1 galleries 1 adversity 1 estates 1 exhaustion 1 standing 1 cut 1 lent 1 evidence 1 participant 's 1 palestinian 1 1970s 1 vaulted 1 dialed 1 plains 1 chambers 1 rural 1 scratchy 1 camera 1 illuminate 1 safer 1 royalty 1 fingered 1 overwhelmed 1 transplantation 1 posed 1 estimation 1 chuckled 1 played 1 seawalls 1 guess 1 cream - colored 1 ancient 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 amsterdam 1 decades 1 north 1 chick - ens 1 chamber 1 slices 1 tripod - mounted 1 dubious 1 suite 's 1 afraid 1 photographed 1 weathergirl 1 you 'll 1 would n't 1 coupling 1 accustomed 1 ascend 1 coiled 1 tossed 1 smiles 1 filled 1 dying 1 string 1 turned 1 happier 1 auction 1 consented 1 edged 1 politely 1 sacks 1 tin 1 developers 1 rudimentary 1 outskirts 1 boxes 1 pushing 1 throat 1 guys 1 loosened 1 netherlander 1 shooting 1 words 1 violations 1 alongside 1 shallow 1 mahogany 1 citizen 1 ditches 1 agonizing 1 sapporo 1 panels 1 box 1 hired 1 pine 1 shiny 1 distant 1 charge 1 boleros 1 christmas 1 columns 1 ice 1 cutthroats 1 chin 1 spent 1 scars 1 idiot 1 magic 1 rail 1 gift 1 issued 1 accompany 1 partying 1 discarding 1 chickens 1 nearby 1 miasma 1 grinned 1 particularly 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 backs 1 pop 1 cowardice 1 trying 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 reinforced 1 major 1 obscured 1 disembodied 1 idly 1 bastard 1 drifting 1 infamous 1 intensified 1 vigor 1 adventurer 1 massed 1 serve 1 cock 1 stumbling 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 previous 1 slack 1 imagine 1 seal 1 board 1 panama 1 land 1 lights 1 automatons 1 elbows 1 lots 1 stupor 1 seventeenth - century 1 girth 1 upright 1 insignia 1 trigger 1 worked 1 ladies 1 ended 1 picking 1 demeanor 1 crepes 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 regardless 1 snappy 1 winos 1 stretch 1 blushed 1 vomit 1 western 1 rendezvous 1 slums 1 pairs 1 certain 1 barrel 1 occur 1 mosquito 1 bunch 1 lascivious 1 directly 1 amount 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 slides 1 police 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 told 1 flown 1 galoshes 1 kliegs 1 occasionally 1 gold - red 1 cloaked 1 absurdity 1 genuinely 1 intervals 1 swiping 1 heads 1 manors 1 inland 1 jet 1 taught 1 emaciation 1 smiling 1 expanse 1 libelous 1 grandparents 1 drums 1 meanwhile 1 settlement 1 yourself 1 fugue 1 iron - hot - affair 1 stroked 1 tapped 1 city 1 testicles 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 buffoon 1 hated 1 kissed 1 curled 1 crooked 1 infrastructure 1 antiquity 1 ankles 1 helpless 1 fuming 1 liaison 1 house 1 houses 1 earth 1 disintegrating 1 denial 1 boyfriend 1 young 1 thankful 1 center 1 slipped 1 sconces 1 physical 1 gel 1 glitzy 1 arrange 1 relentless 1 sickly 1 melody 1 prefabricated 1 hazardous 1 power 1 lighted 1 code 1 reception 1 sneered 1 claim 1 tears 1 raul 1 cornice 1 girl 1 british 1 exotic 1 swarms 1 plopped 1 swiftly 1 unworthiness 1 systems 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 welcomed 1 well - heeled 1 submit 1 flaccidity 1 let 's 1 siamese 1 unless 1 alight 1 content 1 hours 1 canvas 1 designer 1 buses 1 wood 1 ashtrays 1 anyway 1 whoever 1 below 1 sentiment 1 romance 1 cantina 1 ministry 1 speak 1 temporary 1 equally 1 recreational 1 clue 1 layers 1 warned 1 painted 1 mock 1 waving 1 sagging 1 call 1 gingerly 1 filed 1 escort 1 items 1 syncopation 1 whomever 1 high - rise 1 significant 1 extended 1 scofflaw 1 volunteered 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 bathhouse 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 splash 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 severed 1 nam 1 post 1 easily 1 arrive 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 war 1 spanish 1 arrival 1 atlantic 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 sculptures 1 leeched 1 producer 1 beast 1 amongst 1 predicted 1 guttered 1 oh 1 joint 1 hatefully 1 language 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 wordlessly 1 colonial 1 hydrochloric 1 misshapen 1 promotion 1 directions 1 recording 1 earshot 1 extraordinarily 1 assured 1 lifting 1 circulated 1 main 1 morning 1 pumped 1 cross - fire 1 reminded 1 fizzed 1 mercy 1 grumbling 1 drive 1 effects 1 crumbling 1 deep - sea 1 arch 1 opening 1 rubber 1 autumn 1 marble 1 life 1 moment 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 drably 1 orbit 1 bombing 1 minsk 1 model 1 tenth - floor 1 lasted 1 terrible 1 avenue 1 fractious 1 spotted 1 addition 1 jocularity 1 cattle 1 subterranean 1 sky 1 beginning 1 heat 1 brass 1 rifles 1 italian 1 similarly 1 plucking 1 ignore 1 map 1 half - concealed 1 dreamed 1 everglades 1 faintly 1 dull 1 case 1 eerie 1 obscenity 1 seam 1 frequencies 1 bucket 1 ago 1 hindu - flavored 1 suzuki 1 slip 1 fearless 1 machete 1 labyrinthine 1 together 1 crossbones 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 photo 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 dreary 1 compartmentalized 1 handful 1 yards 1 continent 1 purple 1 spooky 1 sensation 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 understood 1 introductions 1 happened 1 impact 1 thoughts 1 brutally 1 conglomerate 1 commonplace 1 random 1 mexico 1 viet 1 raising 1 oil 1 everybody 1 twos 1 contents 1 butts 1 barbarian 1 vine 1 broads 1 smuggled 1 opened 1 signs 1 speaker 1 collection 1 smothered 1 hotels 1 burgeoning 1 cia 1 provided 1 clothed 1 baroque 1 proceed 1 belt 1 sidewalk 1 violent 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 types 1 disk 1 accepting 1 abroad 1 spine 1 credit 1 balaclavas 1 cheerfully 1 breeze 1 become 1 expect 1 louder 1 awake 1 smartly 1 recognition 1 pleased 1 nightclubbing 1 swing 1 driver 1 chose 1 scant 1 feature 1 hollow 1 cranked 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 thinking 1 nervously 1 stifle 1 heart 1 restaurants 1 talked 1 concession 1 vicious 1 bribe 1 acquaintance 1 love 1 wishing 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 lobby 1 work 1 scarred 1 stories 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 lock 1 commerce 's 1 unto 1 tolerance 1 shrill 1 service 1 exceedingly 1 feeling 1 re - creating 1 unconsciousness 1 thanks 1 peeled 1 silence 1 fords 1 cruises 1 attention 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 blood - warm 1 tropical 1 countries 1 exile 1 discover 1 stock 1 melancholy 1 finished 1 semen 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 sarongs 1 hidden 1 block 1 however 1 naturalized 1 sly 1 exertions 1 crushed 1 brief 1 nausea 1 outlined 1 year 1 usa 1 ashtray 1 embarrassment 1 booze - drenched 1 we ' ve 1 sniping 1 considered 1 balaclava 1 borne 1 moist 1 fore 1 screeching 1 witness 1 gangway 1 pears 1 subset 1 trees 1 nights 1 consulate 1 indulgently 1 heel 1 mosaic 1 limey 1 infected 1 command 1 skin 1 flawless 1 smithee 1 seeped 1 nice 1 strappado 1 cultivated 1 unexpected 1 pairings 1 became 1 dry 1 sniffing 1 popular 1 whispery 1 exactly 1 hey 1 septic 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 smashed 1 sluiced 1 epitome 1 eh 1 dress 1 doubtful 1 wilderness 1 not - happening 1 preferably 1 deeply 1 retired 1 storage 1 slick 1 debauchers 1 cloying 1 ring 1 steam 1 freshly 1 satisfaction 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 belligerently 1 instructed 1 retracted 1 waxed 1 quantity 1 connecticut 1 cars 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 gardening 1 whirlwind 1 frames 1 hirsute 1 quality 1 passport 1 tips 1 vision 1 thus 1 daily 1 brushing 1 conjecture 1 profoundly 1 one - time 1 bright 1 summer 1 roman 1 laden 1 hold 1 rotating 1 felt 1 same 1 named 1 nightclub 1 rich 1 nabobs 1 sarcasm 1 explanation 1 hour 1 sent 1 occupied 1 droplets 1 additions 1 rumor 1 clanged 1 den 1 lark 1 smelled 1 mauling 1 broke 1 chain 1 bangkok 1 netting 1 white - bread 1 space 1 lives 1 recriminations 1 hollywood 1 passage 1 slid 1 explosions 1 arrested 1 macabre 1 luis 1 chocolate 1 wharfs 1 influenced 1 ruts 1 inducted 1 reeked 1 thunderously 1 assuredly 1 surf 1 slideshow 1 piles 1 visited 1 pulls 1 supine 1 slapping 1 fully 1 lavish 1 children 1 stroll 1 turbans 1 huddle 1 reflected 1 body 1 garbed 1 darwin 1 titillating 1 style 1 vines 1 companies 1 eardrum - shattering 1 hole 1 single 1 drew 1 pocket 1 mildly 1 faded 1 shoes 1 persona 1 pulled 1 lockers 1 howl 1 sale 1 crates 1 segued 1 intact 1 ushered 1 interpol 1 chewing 1 lethargic 1 always 1 donated 1 banded 1 fro 1 alive 1 insulating 1 bloated 1 sulu 1 lifeblood 1 contingent 1 strolled 1 alan 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 echoed 1 taxi 1 how 'd 1 acutely 1 quarter - mile 1 pools 1 track 1 dreams 1 trip 1 dizziness 1 methodically 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 travel 1 bank 1 collection - estate 1 untucked 1 youth 1 garden 1 perfectly 1 enlisting 1 knees 1 coterie 1 done 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 stench 1 idea 1 corner 1 sallow 1 acclimated 1 cocktail 1 confided 1 hillsides 1 slightly 1 equal 1 slaughter 1 awaited 1 fishily 1 techno 1 englishman 1 marauding 1 exaggerated 1 glitter 1 story 1 nightmare 1 press 1 tarps 1 swallowed 1 capsized 1 laboring 1 argue 1 coast 1 uneven 1 pond 1 hangovers 1 quickly 1 otherwise 1 terminal 1 promises 1 gloom 1 scratched 1 could n't 1 darkened 1 yes 1 secure 1 marathon 1 daylight 1 boor 1 perimeter 1 mildest 1 tourist 1 cyclopean 1 gunny 1 randomly 1 fragments 1 crisp 1 cocktails 1 glowed 1 misgiving 1 travels 1 looming 1 womb 1 calmness 1 neglect 1 unauthorized 1 confiscated 1 forthcoming 1 swimmingly 1 tremor 1 junkets 1 seniors 1 familiar 1 humidity 1 cried 1 blazer 1 blocks - the 1 trap 1 appeasing 1 avoiding 1 pull 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 shuffle 1 lungs 1 marshes 1 instead 1 drank 1 vase 1 florid 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 sunk 1 crucified 1 limes 1 low 1 held 1 baggy 1 take 1 hangover 1 tapping 1 ivory 1 developed 1 minute 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 elegant 1 volunteers 1 westerners 1 claude 1 formal 1 stems 1 tri - headed 1 circumstances 1 kolkata 1 fell 1 surrounded 1 cursed 1 killed 1 brazen 1 window 1 starless 1 persistent 1 champagne 1 owners 1 jap 1 scattered 1 prospect 1 obstreperous 1 present 1 funneled 1 headed 1 preserve 1 drove 1 recorders 1 ate 1 stem 1 copies 1 eyeless 1 exhibit 1 designated 1 health 1 drown 1 discarded 1 tried 1 shops 1 walked 1 comparing 1 enjoy 1 gradually 1 grimaces 1 lagoon 1 bourbon 1 subsided 1 attired 1 ramp 1 gently 1 projected 1 accident 1 sampler 1 snarled 1 tell 1 leave 1 meager 1 stage 1 earnestly 1 appointed 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 congruently 1 fired 1 delirium 1 sneaked 1 expense 1 affair 1 shepherded 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 lines 1 translucent 1 gold 1 looking 1 coonskin 1 melt 1 victor 1 chance 1 favored 1 impediment - he 1 commenced 1 glue 1 name 1 scout 1 learn 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 skip 1 gelled 1 confinement 1 pens 1 anything 1 group 's 1 burn 1 pseudonym 1 cream 1 us 1 emotions 1 brought 1 threaded 1 avoided 1 exhibits 1 homeland 1 buttock 1 elbow - length 1 touching 1 ridge 1 underground 1 stupid 1 remained 1 times 1 past- 1 be - hind 1 success 1 team 1 noises 1 appearance 1 venues 1 picture 1 tokyo 1 chopping 927 .
and then there were apple pies , and peach pies , and pumpkin pies ; besides slices of ham and smoked beef ; and moreover delectable dishes of preserved plums , and peaches , and pears , and quinces ; not to mention broiled shad and roasted chickens ; together with bowls of milk and cream , all mingled higgledy- piggledy , pretty much as i have enumerated them , with the motherly teapot sending up its clouds of vapor from the midst -- heaven bless the mark !
she had included fruit ; apples , grapes , and pears .
that was the old kathryn adams , a little too short , a little too pear shaped , a little too near sighted , hair just a little too thin .
lists of fruit trees , apples and pears .
the shriveled remains of her breasts swayed like rotten pears ; the bones of her hips flared out in bold relief , rigid wings stretching her gray , mottled skin like a bizarre tent made of human flesh .
if we start this kind of dominance thing with our own people , it 's going to go all pear - shaped . ''
although surely no more than forty , kamen walked like a much older man and wheezed even when he sat , peering at the world through enormous horn - rimmed spectacles and over an enormous pear of a belly .
as henry dismissed the knife and started toward him , eddie gripped the green pear - shaped bottle by the neck and smashed it on the edge of the nighttable .
we had also brought back several heavy crates of oranges and pears , and four of us working together had been able to swing them to the tops of the lawn - food bags in front of the hole in the glass .
` ` it was a pear , '' said someone .
` ` ok , a pear then , so worth even less than a peach .
` ` anyway , this worried him a lot , but compared to what the other romans were doing in those days , i m not sure stealing a pear was so bad .
who cares about a pear ? ''
cambridge , los angeles ; stealing a pear , starting a holocaust .
` ` he stole a pear , right ?
the sergeant took her pear .
what she would nt give to taste the sweet juiciness hiding inside a pear right now .
her throat was so dry that the liquid from a pear would feel so good as it dribbled down her throat and chin .
after awhile , she started to see pears , tomatoes , plums , and already sliced fresh orange and avocado pieces floating ahead of her .
on each rock an inky pillar , a piece of fruit : apples , bananas , pears , drupes the size of castles , great fleshy edifices whose worms beavered away like monkeys at typewriters , little interested in the world below their feet ; smoke rising from chimney stalks and skins shimmering under the fitful , varicoloured light .
might as well be oranges and pears .
pepper pork tenderloin , with pear and asiago .
he was particularly fond of the pear tree he had nurtured from a seedling .
a partridge that accompanied the pear tree was always given as gift no matter what day it was .
unless you already had a large lot in town and enough people around to warrant the eating of all those pears to house said birds it was not a functional gift , but it was a fine inspiration for someone who had but a single tree and nothing to name it .
maybe , i thought , the mirror was like one of those carnival mirrors , distorted in some way to make me look like a giant pear , when in reality , i actually looked like jayne mansfield .
i still thought i looked like a pear , but at least i could exhale without popping a button and sit down without cutting off the circulation to my intestines .
* * * otto the peasant was watching his pear tree .
it was common knowledge that a pear tree grows better when it is being watched .
faintly , as though under water , he hears katze , latch and reefer calling his name , sees them as vague , blurry outlines waving wildly from the city wall , staggers sideways past the headstone that is sacred to the memory of ruth bellerby died july 2 1832 aged 39 years and lurches phuthlapp into a mountain of flesh the size and shape of an unfeasibly enormous pear .
'' one lamb loin tagine with herby couscous and caramelised baby pears , mint and coriander . ''
helen returned with ricos beer , a block of cheese , some apples and pears , a box of crackers , and a knife .
sir , were serving either a 1994 opus one noted for its complex nose of lead pencil , toasty oak , violets , and black currants , or a 2006 chateau de beaucastel chateauneuf du pape blanc vieilles vignes , noted for its smoky pear and apricot aromas .
not expecting to see anything other than a rocky ledge that the highway department had sliced with dynamite and some scraggly patches of prickly pear , what he actually saw was a motorcycle overtake and nearly cream a small truck .
a pearl the size of a small pear hung from a gold chain around her neck .
` ` if he finds a pear tree , we 're all doomed ! ''
he watched as the man , still holding the partridge , jumped from the train towards a pear tree .
part 12 ( image - people in church at the midnight mass , emotion - the peace that passeth all understanding , element - twelve drummers drumming ) it was all there at the midnight mass , the partridge in a pear tree , the doves , hens , lords , maids , everything and everyone .
list of elements for challenges 27 - 52 ( including grudge matches 1 - 4 and the autumn & winter solstice opens ) and weekend quickies 1 - 23 27 - millennium falcon , gi joe action figures , waffle iron , slim whitman 28 - goat powered washing machine , petri dish , fried green tomatos , menacing stranger 29 - nummo the alien , banana slippers , a cricket ball , an elementary school spelling bee 30 - pareidolia , jousting female knight , feather boa , bag of doorknobs 31 - live griffin , peanut butter and banana sandwich , ventriloquist , delorean 32 - centaur , megalomaniac , the oracle of all knowledge , abandoned outhouse autumn equinox open elimination round - balloon animals , lydia the tattooed lady , tontine centre court wimbledon autumn equinox open final - sadomasochistic machiavellinism , tatting shuttles , rickshaw , bagpipes 33 - leviathan , any george formby song , jar of bacon fat , necklace 34 - dressed herring , tuba , space station , phone booth grudge match 1 - murderous unicorn , the apollo lunar roving vehicle , a fantasy football draft must be a part of the main scene of the story , the story must be written from the pov of someone with a mental illness or developmental delay 35 - israel kamakawiwoole , twister ( the game ) , hot air balloon , fishnet stockings 36 - 12 sweaty sumo wrestlers , indestructible filing cabinet , wooden hanger , big wheel ( tricycle ) 37 - perry mason , the lone ranger , daisy duke , the bionic woman 38 - roman merchant sailing vessel , flour sack girdle , bunny , the wonder elephant , the royal shakespearian company 39 - can of campbells alphabet soup , the phrase live long and prosper , 2000 year old map of the earth , empty snuff box 40 - kahla , motherboard , told from the pov of a shark looking for a meal , must be written in ' terza rima ' 41 - the antikythera mechanism , voodoo witch doctor , kryptonite , houndstooth shoes 42 - supercalifragilisticexpialidocious , buried silver julep cup , there must be two main characters and one must be responsible for the death of the other , synchronous fireflies ( photinus carolinus ) 43 - voyager spacecraft ( satellite ) , female mma fighter , needle and thread , 10 long , 12 diameter pvc pipe 44 - child 's wagon , bug zapper , cranberries , faded dragon slayer manual 45 - judge , victim , liberal , conservative 46 - haboob , high diving horse , birmingham jail song , yves rossy , the jetman 47 - the golden fleece , a mudskipper , james bond mini spy kit , a rhinestone tiara 48 - mati hari , toilet roll hat , single roller skate , house plant 49 - muppet , escalator , stop sign , any 1970s book 50 - snow rollers , harpy , nail gun , motorcycle airbag 51 - no to be verbs , dying in a dream , ` ` punch and judy '' - it can either be a literal use of a punch and judy show , or an interpretation based on the common storyline of your typical punch and judy show , one of your characters must have a secret crush 52 - how you would quit your job , the scent of rain , kiwi bird , joan of arc ) weekend quickie 1 - image - burning wicker man , element - applesauce , emotion - abject despair weekend quickie 2 - image - victorian women fight over a pair of breeches , element - a can of alphabet soup , emotion - elation weekend quickie 3 - image - pink bird of paradise , element - snowglobe , emotion - hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia weekend quickie 4 - image - hurricane off the south coast of the usa , element - flora - bama ( bar ) , emotion - sugar - induced hysteria weekend quickie 5 - image - autumn , element - 1909 penny covered in mars dust , emotion - dj vu weekend quickie 6 - image - white lizard , element - a can of pumpkin , emotion - bravado weekend quickie 7 - image - batman & batgirl kissing , element - a cake walk , emotion - confusion weekend quickie 8 - image - snow - ridden road at night , element - a lost dog , emotion - incredulity weekend quickie 9 - image - italian restaurant with family sitting outside , element - tangerine lifesaver , emotion - inspired creativity weekend quickie 10 - image - chocolate cake with ' 14 ' candles , element - a son or mother , emotion - extreme devotion weekend quickie 11 - image - large turkey float in parade , element - a lava lamp , emotion - thankfulness weekend quickie 12 - image - storm in the distance down a long road , element - musical notes , emotion - a longing inspired by beauty , that you thought you d overcome weekend quickie 13 - image - melissani cave on kefalonia , greece , element - cyclorama , emotion - enchantment 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 1 - image - man jumping across train carriages , element - partridge in a pear tree , emotion - infinite possibility 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 2 - image - woman blowing dust from her hands , element 1 - magic beans , element 2 - two turtle doves 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 3 - image - old bottle with sample tag , emotion - anticipation , element - three french hens 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 4 - image - old man and woman sitting at an upright piano , emotion - euphoria , element - four colly birds 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 5 - image - woman pushing a trolley / pram with twin boys and a christmas tree inside , emotion - an irresistible urge to disco , element - five gold rings 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 6 - image - giant hand picking up a car from a carpark , element 1 - six geese a laying , who will only lay to the sound of abba , element 2 - uncle boom - boom , your mothers sisters second husband 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 7 - image - caravans in a ' spend the night party ' , emotion - a numinous feeling , element - seven swans a swimming 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 8 - image - santas wearing beards in a santa school , emotion - psithurism , element - eight maids - a - milking 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 9 - image - lightning strikes on bay bridge , san francisco , emotion - exhiliration , element - eight ladies dancing 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 10 - image - night sky with stars and a church , emotion - wonder inspired by a miracle , element - ten lords a leaping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 11 - image - girl and boy kneeling in front of christmas fireplace , emotion - joy and anticipation , element - eleven pipers piping 12 days of christmas ( wq special ) - part 12 - image - people in church at the midnight mass , emotion - the peace that passeth all understanding , element - twelve drummers drumming ( no weekend quickie 14 and 15 - taken by christmas special ) weekend quickie 16 - image - typewriter , element 1 - ` ` some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships . ''
cor blimey guvnor ; apples and pears ; oi , oo yu lookin ' at , matey ?
this did n't make them think about super villains in trademarked spandex , however ; it made them think about pears and penguins .
` ` partridges hide in pear trees and bite anyone who tries to decorate the tree for llama 's eve , '' said demo 's leitmotiv . ''
` ` hi yourself , you big pear .
there was nothing special about interesting hats ; they were as common as leaping lords and partridges in pear trees .
` ` not only am i being stalked by closet monsters , i ' m caught in a love triangle with a radiant scottish beauty and an academic pear . ''
` ` my big pear ! ''
he beamed back at the big pear , modestly .
` ` any pear trees in the sand ?
a flock of little yellow hens , with tufts of feathers on their heads but no tails at all , fluttered out , flew into the orchard and settled in the top branches of a pear tree like frowzy golden pigeons .
` ` za readink , includink za tea , vill be twenty dollars pear pear - son .
ornamental variety of pear or quince jimp adj .
jorum n. a large drinking bowl or vessel ( c18th after jorum who brought vessels of gold , silver and brass to king david ( ii samuel 8:10 ) joshua hebrew leader who succeeded moses as leader of israel - latin ioshua , from hebrew yehosua ( yahweh is salvation ) jotun norse mythology - a giant in conflict with the aesir ( gods ) juke n. ( us ) rural establishment offering liquor , dancing and gambling v. in football , to deceive or outmanoeuvre a defender by a feint n. feint or fake ( from middle english jowken - to bend ) jargonelle n. a kind of early pear jaconet n. a thin cotton fabric stouter than muslin from puri ( jagannath ) in india , thin material with waterproof backing for medical dressings jurat n. a law officer ( french and ch .
chapter 3 margie jo marjorie jo binderdinger was a small town girl from prickly pear , arizona .
her home town of prickly pear was n't exactly a bustling cultural locus .
and that included the residents of prickly pear .
prickly pear started out in the late 19th century like a whole bunch of other arizona towns .
when the government of mainland china proposed putting both a quota and a higher tax on imported beef , the entire population of prickly pear -- plus a couple of totally confused chinese tourist backpackers who happened by -- signed a pledge never to eat at a chinese restaurant unless the chinese government backed down .
prickly pear was a wide spot in the road deep in the arizona boondocks that had a hundred head of cattle for every inhabitant of the human variety .
the countryside around prickly pear was the kind of place where game wardens habitually wore bullet proof vests , sometimes even to church , and had high dollar life insurance policies .
marjorie jo -- margie -- was no longer home in prickly pear .
having grown up on a ranch in prickly pear , arizona , where medical coverage , 401k 's and paid vacations were n't even in the local vocabulary , she was understandably interested in a secure and stable adult life .
have some pears or pineapples .
ok , at the top of my list would be ( 1 ) the green beans and pears were the best i ve ever tasted .
deafened by the piping that had summoned the monster and robbed of his sight in the blackness , he found he could not draw air and odour through his nose ; the bellows of his lungs remained folded , collapsed in his chest like ancient pears .
she thinks of her cherry trees , of the pear tree and the apple trees and the coming harvest .
she saw the old woman with the pear shaped man who looked younger , her face filled out and actually handsometeeth ; she 'd gotten herself a mouthful of teeth .
four french toasts , three strips of bacon , two fried eggs , and a partridge in a pear tree .
riley ca nt get enough of cottage cheese and pears .
over the past few years , a gaggle of dull - witted administrators and consolers labored to dissect drews social deficiencies , but their misguided reports were as fruitless as a withered pear tree .
the doctor pumps the black pear .
what , joseph asked himself as he sat on the cool may grass and looked out over the pond , is a million and a half dollars but an abstraction on a beautiful day like this , with a fresh iced tea , an egg salad sandwich with big pebbly capers , a slightly crunchy pear ?
she 'd already cleaned out the jars from the previous season and set some aside for the pears which were also ripening quickly .
she grabbed a brown pear and headed outside , closing the door quietly behind her .
yes , there were the standard displays of broccoli , cauliflower , carrots , beets , onions , potatoes , yams , apples , bananas , oranges , peaches , pears , several varieties of melons and some in season berries but what i saw so much more here and it was all fresh looking versus travel worn from being shipped north on a train or truck .
shelves full of canned pickles , jellies , apples , pears , peaches , syrups , soups , mincemeats , salsas and chili sauces lined all four sides of the room .
apricots , apples , pineapples ( where she bumped in to a cranky old lady who behaved like she owned that shelf ) , pears , mangos , and , yes , strawberries .
twelve days of christmas ( with a hasty visit to sir toby belch that knocks several flightless partridges out a pear tree ) .
she grabbed an apple and a pear from the fruit bowl on the breakfast table and walked through every room on the first floor , then went downstairs to darrels den , to see what changes mrs . gentry had made there .
the ceiling was baroque plasterwork which formed fruits of every type and description ; apples , pears , pomegranates and grapes all hung down looking real enough to eat .
@ davey went down into the room below and watched as the gimlet broke through the heavily decorated ceiling to emerge between a pear and a bunch of grapes .
deacon , i can call an apple a pear , but at the end of the day its still an apple .
as they reached stations along their route , vendors on their platforms offered apples and pears , sausage , ham , bread and cheese .
she still thought he was as sexy as a winter pear , one she longed to take a bite out of .
then let us sneak instead into the orchards tonight and swipe a couple of pears , ay ?
pair of pears ?
apples and pears , fruits of every nature , their juice smeared our faces .
can a pear tree decide to produce thistles ?
she undid the remaining buttons of her blouse and yanked up the bra , allowing her well formed breasts to drop out like two ripe pears .
some people substitute diced pears and apricots along with a large sweet onion . ''
exclaimed amanda , the odor of the earth , the root vegetables , apples and pears mixed together in an almost erotic smell .
even the beautiful way the snow stuck to the side of saguaros and the gay sight of snow on the tops of prickly pear cactuses would be no comfort for the poor person left sitting alone like that .
see us trudging around the trampled and rotting beds of prickly pear cactus , filled with bottles and trash , the pack rat nests exposed .
i tried to memorize the clear blue sky and the bright crisp light that made the shadows of the prickly pears find their deepest purple and violets .
beans were left draped over the pads of the prickly pear .
jack continued : we brand em and sort em and get em out of the messy old creosote and the arroyos and the prickly pears ; they ve got an awful bad habit of landing in those old prickly pears or brushing up against a jumping cacti .
jack continued : we brand em and sort em and get em out of the messy old creosote and the arroyos and the prickly pears ; they ve got an awful bad habit of landing in those old prickly pears or brushing up against a jumping cacti .
the mother was a pear shaped woman with calves as thick as bowling pins .
are you sure she did nt have a pear hidden in her other hand ?
can i have a pear cut ?
so when zoning boards began mandating vegetation to break up these asphalt expanses , developers began specifying inexpensive , easy to maintain bradford pears to go in these tiny islands .
the bradford pears were making do and getting on , claiming water and nutrients from the ground , sun from the sky , apparently unaware of the shape they sketched for their bipedal and metal - encased neighbors passing below their branches .
imagine his surprise one morning , then , when his wife of thirty five years rose from the breakfast table with her face expressing a mixture of surprise and delight , and going to the window , exclaimed , ` ` why , dudley , there 's a peregrine falcon in the pear tree ! ''
` ` there are a pair of green falcons in the pear tree , my dear . ''
you ca nt compare apples with oranges or pears .
soon the women ranged out of sight , coming back every now and then with plastic bags bulging with green pears which they emptied into buckets .
she shaded her eyes and circled a few trees because she wanted to show she was interested , but she could only find two pears .
the three ate sandwiches , coffee and fresh pears while waiting for mclean to return home .
hank held up two fingers , and the bald , pear - shaped bartender dropped his rag , shook the ice off two bottles of beer , popped the caps , and headed towards the booth without losing the long ash from the cigarette dangling from his lip .
jon chuckled , stabbing a pear with his fork .
i already had three designs , one of which- an abstract still life with pears that i was especially excited about- i could n't wait to get started painting .
pia was wonderful in allowing me the use of an additional spare room so that i might begin working on my new abstracts and the still life with pears was quickly becoming my favorite .
i sighed and headed upstairs to finish my pear painting .
dollar signs had been painted on each and every pear in a variety of colors .
impaling , drawing and quartering , rats in a head box , a skull crusher , a pear of anguish , the torture wheel , the breast ripper , iron maidens , a hanging coffin with spikes , burning at the stake , and possibly the worst ever , a yoke .
the pear of anguish and the skull crusher are both mechanized and easy to use .
the scavengers daughter is less well known , but it is nt as obscure in concept as the pear of anguish .
the skull crusher , the pear of anguish , less common , the pear was a favorite of the inquisition .
the skull crusher , the pear of anguish , less common , the pear was a favorite of the inquisition .
the brazen bull , rats in a head cage , the pear of anguish , the breast ripper and impaling .
the church with the pear of anguish and the breast ripper .
we talked to a guy that said last year alone , he made seven hanging coffins , six pears of anguish , a brazen bull , three show piece iron maidens , and that was nt counting all the other stuff he normally makes or the special orders from museums .
chardonnay should flirt with citrus , flint , butter , and pears .
you see , most of the people driving these big new nazi sleds are either trophy wives , or business guys my age who push pencils for a living and whose physiques generally resemble two hundred and forty pound pears .
* * * * ethan speared a pear with his fork .
head in to the pickled pear , and go around the back .
a large , wooden platter of juicy green slices of apple , golden wedges of pear , and succulent cherries was laid at the center of the table .
greslet popped a slice of pear into his mouth .
there were a scattering of empty chairs looking out over the ocean , and a long table against the back wall held several wooden bowls of apples and pears , along with a trio of pewter pitchers of ale .
the other was five feet across and three feet deep , shaped like a pear .
i would only go in the first of the two , not because i could nt tread three feet of water , but because you could nt see the bottom of the pear shaped pond and for some reason i believed that small , slimy things lived down there waiting to attach themselves to my feet .
he took out a large jar of mushrooms swimming in olive oil , two long baguettes , fresh pears , strawberries , a small wheel each of gouda and edam cheeses , and a roasted chicken pricked with toothpicks of baby onions .
she picked up a pear .
it all just seems so sudden to me , maggie said , taking a pear from the basket of fruit on the table .
it contained a cheese sandwichfat free a pear , a small bottle of poland spring water , and a pack of tiny cupcakes .
jason eyed my pear .
rohit , a phd candidate in cultural anthropology , had dropped to his knees beside a prickly pear cactus .
better to look fascinated by apples and pears than like a lonely loser .
the chef brought out the dishes one by one , starting with a spiced kohlrabi soup and moving on to a dish of sausage and browned pears .
vegetables done , she cruised over to the fruit section , where she loaded the cart with all kinds of different berries for ryder , along with apples , oranges , and pears .
her delicate pear fragrance fills my lungs .
the pear scent of her hair , combined with the sweet taste of her skin , is a heady mixture .
i brush my lips against each of her eyelids , taking my time to savor the soft pear scent of her hair .
like ... sweet pears . ''
it 's always the damn pears . ''
like honey and sweet pears .
my dessert had been something with poached pears , raspberry sauce , and chocolate .
i 'd always been hippy , with itty bitty br**sts and it had taken years for me to accept my pear shaped body .
yum all manner of assorted expensive cheeses and crackers with grapes and pears .
the tip of the pear cut diamond pointed away from the center stone .
he reaches across , stroking the pear shaped diamond which adorns my neck .
when my head is spinning , he withdraws and places the pear shaped diamond ring surrounded by eleven blue topaz and sapphire stones on my shaking hand .
that s why i agreed to do the slagss thing and probably why it all went totally pear - shaped in sydney .
i m afraid ms . doran thinks ill be part of the regular group at the pear tree , today .
then she had a pear ateef , made of the same stuff , and then a before - dinner cock tail , so by around the time we was ready to eat , she was pretty wobbly .
he was biting into a pear as he sat down with some other guys .
he walked the paths between pine and eucalyptus trees , bougainvillea , brooms , orchids and cyclamen , including agaves , aloes and prickly pears that had copious blooms .
green apple , juicy pear , strawberry cheesecake ...
ma had worked hard canning peaches and pears in the late summer , and i d made sure to help her .
sugar took what she now recognized as a vanilla mango truffle , while tully picked up a pear and ginger swirl .
daddys a pear medic , reese announced .
kira started with a micro greens salad , topped with pears , walnuts , and native goat cheese .
the prickle pear was both edible and nutritious ; it was usually fried , but he figured roasting would do just as well .
` ` i 'll have the shorthorn beef carpaccio with crispy fried quail 's egg for my dinner and the caramelized bread pudding with amaretto poached pear , vanilla clotted cream and spiced almonds for desert , '' she said after narrowing down her options .
she added a variety of items to dip , including bread , sliced vegetables and fresh apples and pears .
rick sipped his drink , and then speared a slice of pear .
we 'd had four arrests , three accidental shootings , two dead dogs - ` ` and a partridge in a pear tree , '' i muttered as i filled out my reports .
i do love a good pear pie . ''
after that , he brought out a salad - lettuce with sliced fresh pear , shaves of roquefort cheese and wonderful honey - coated roasted walnuts .
` ` i 'll take a slice of pear pie if you have it . ''
charlotte had also included canned goods from her garden - sweet pickles , dill pickles , pickled beets , plus jams , jellies , peaches and pears .
they dipped under a sagging clothesline damp with homespun clothes , stepped over a small parade of scraggly , clucking black roosters , and angled past a pair of redheaded brothers peddling pears before they ended up at the well .
` ` pears , '' he sang up to the open casements , from which the women 's heads and hands had disappeared .
a pear for your valentine will make this next year a sweet one . ''
there were sliced duck served over cabbage , whole hares that had been roasted on spits , cauldrons of baby cauliflowers with a bright orange sauce , high - piled platters of apples , pears , and dried currants harvested from the surrounding forests , and a whole long wooden table filled with misshapen , half - burned pies of meat and fruit .
cottage cheese with peaches , canned pears with shredded cheddar .
she pushed her sleeve up , until her bicep was revealed , so thin it was just a knot of muscle , pale in the darkness , as soft and white as the inside of a pear .
a salad with pears and goat cheese .
despite the elaborate decor and the perfect music , dinner was a simple affair by gabriel 's standards : lobster bisque ; a pear , walnut , and gorgonzola salad ; steamed mussels with frites ; and then finally and most gloriously , a blueberry tart with sour lemon ice cream .
i guess i ' m the partridge in the pear tree . ''
the apples , the pears ... '' the sweet fragrance of the orchard engulfed mad dog , filled his senses .
the carpet was worn but intact , and i appreciated the weak attempt at decorating with a very bad painting of some pears .
` ` this is a man who once constructed a bong using only the barrel of an air rifle , a ripe pear , and an eight - by - ten glossy photograph of anna kournikova .
she let go his hand and , turning , walked blindly for a few steps , put out her hand , and held tight to one of the espaliered pear trees that stood against the garden wall , spindly and vulnerable without its leaves .
she 'd washed her hair and scrubbed her body with pear 's transparent soap .
but she had an hourglass figure that was the epitome of a pear with a ` ` great big booty '' as krysta called it , and h*ps that screamed peasant .
it had been months since he 'd seen her dressed like a lady , narrow - waisted in silk , and her white br**sts round and sweet as winter pears in the low neck of her gown .
sweet notes of pear and a crisp apricot finish met her tongue .
that was followed by a hunk of dry cheese and a quartered pear .
alistair reached for a pear .
he took another bite of the pear and knew there was no place else he 'd rather be , which brought him an unusual sort of calm .
she bit carefully into a pear slice .
so far , i could see croissants , quiche , and poached pears .
apparently they 'd concluded that her hair was the color of mud , her eyes the size of teacups , and her mouth too vulgar to appear in polite society , while her figure bore too much resemblance to an upside down pear .
crouching down and opening the basket , william then pulled out some ham and cheese , two rolls of bread , a small bowl filled with slices of apples and pears , a couple of scones , and finally a bottle of red wine .
he went the way the rabbit had , slipping and slithering down the slope , tearing his jeans and his hands on prickly pear cactus .
she snagged a pear and crunched .
she munched on the pear and studied the gift with trepidation .
tossing the rest of the pear into the trash can , she kicked free of the sheet and swung her feet to the floor .
grabbing a couple of pears , he sliced those along with the brie , edam and whatever the hell the other one was and placed all on an oversize plate .
he followed summer to a buffet that had been set up at the back of the restaurant and they helped themselves to items such as fried kumamoto oysters , crab and avocado millefeuilles , and a lobster and melon salad with asian pear and thai mango dressing .