as i arranged the purple and pink peonies in the vase , they made me smile and that was what i needed .
given that this was n't even real , and she was already feeling guilty for essentially duping her friends and family , she really did n't care whether they used peonies versus roses .
alex felt his heart well up with love with her , picturing her among her beloved peonies .
it consisted of vintage lilac roses , powder blue hydrangeas , tracheliums , mint green carnations , lisianthus combined with sandriana foliage and peonies .
we were surrounded by dozens of white flickering candles and big bunches of white peonies .
a witch 's mouth , lush , ripe , the soft pink of peonies in spring .
the colorful peonies ( yes , i know what those are now ) decorated the ends of the rows of white chairs and were woven into the wooden arbor i stood under right beside my brother .
trisha taylor , amanda drake , and willow hardy all held bouquets of peonies and wore dresses similar in style but not identical .
and each one was a different color , matching one of the peonies all over this place .
a copy of his last demo cd ; a ripe peach ; a single blush - pink peony .
roses , peonies , poppies , calla lilies .
i think peonies , mom loved peonies .
i think peonies , mom loved peonies .
lorna came forward and handed lily her bouquet made of full , white , fat , fragrant peonies , becky 's favourite flower .
her thick hair fell in a curtain around her face , its fragrance enveloping him in an intoxicating mixture of peonies with a hint of grapefruit .
she 'd chosen a scent of peony with a hint of grapefruit and put in the dangled amethyst earrings one of her ex - boyfriend 's had given her .
` ` peonies , '' i told him .
the place was awash with white peonies in big glass vases .
she was carrying a small bouquet made entirely of peonies , so deep pink they looked like velvet .
she was carrying an enormous bouquet of white peonies and roses and she was , quite simply , glowing .
she 'd had a half dozen bouquets delivered that were the same as indy 's wedding flowers ( pale pink and white gerbera daisies , white roses and pale pink and white peonies ) and these were decorating the room .
a smaller basket of bright pink peonies peeked out from behind the vase .
` ` she likes peonies , and roses , and daffodils . ''
i held the white peonies in my hand and watched as skylar skipped up the aisle throwing petals onto the grass , looking back at me every few seconds with a huge smile on her face .
elliott got me these peonies . ''
in the shadows , granny rose lichens bloomed on trunks and boulders like vivid scarlet peonies , and in the deeper gloom between the twisted , massive roots , delicate lady 's slipper flowers stretched on thin stalks , and yellow- , brown- , and red - capped mushrooms the size of footstools squatted in clumps and rings .
my mother 's favorite flower is the peony , so i have an almost cryptic interpretation of one surrounded by shaded water with the words , ' struggles are not identities , ' woven through the art .
to calm myself and take the attention off my nerves , i allowed my eyes to sweep across the room , taking note of the congratulations balloons in the corner , the tastefully beautiful bouquet of sugar - pink peonies on the table in front of the sofa , and the strategically placed bowls of hard candy scattered about .
one of the stagehands handed me the biggest bunch of peonies i 'd ever seen .
where anyone found peonies in december was beyond me , but there they were .
to calm myself and take the attention off my nerves , i allowed my eyes to sweep across the room , again taking in the congratulations balloons in the corner , the tasteful bouquet of sugar - pink peonies on the table in front of the sofa , and the strategically placed bowls of hard candy scattered about .
on one shoulder was the strap of a backpack , and in his hand was a slim vase that held a single , puffy flower - a peony , maybe .
the flowers were puffs of color , peonies or ranunculus or some other explosion of petals on slender green stems .
a vase of hothouse peonies sat on a side table , filling the room with the smell of flowers and the spring that would soon be approaching .
* * * when i returned to the apartments , i found a small tray of snacks and a short vase of creamy white peonies .
garden did n't come close to describing the magnificence of everything from tropical flowers to peonies and lilies , to a massive greenhouse with camellias over a hundred years old .
were it him , he 'd shower her with hothouse lilies , peonies overflowing with perfumed bloom , roses in every shade .
but soon she and higgins would be able to add roses and irises , peonies and michaelmas daisies .
` ` that 's a peony .
he stared first at the peony and then the irises .
and peonies , which are my favorites .
the table is laid and covered with a crisp white linen tablecloth , a bowl of pale pink peonies as the center piece .
there must be at least thirty tables , and they remind me of the private dining room at the heathman - crystal glasses , crisp white linen covering the tables and chairs , and in the center , an exquisite display of pale pink peonies gathered around a silver candelabra .
the table is upright and a new vase is in place with a gorgeous array of pale pink and white peonies .
then they were peonies .
the consultant helped pin a white peony to my jacket , and i noticed sydney was carrying a small bouquet of pink ones in one hand .
` ` and i 'll get you peonies on every anniversary , for the rest of our lives . ''
` ` you even got peonies , '' she said .
she promised to help get some peonies in stock in return . ''
she moves from flower to flower , careful to avoid venus flytraps and carnivore flowers disguised as peonies and innocent carnations .
in front of the confederation flag , there is a long table with a decoration of pink peonies .
at the centre of the courtyard , a blooming peony was picked out by bright sunshine .
now , at its center , stood a beautiful porcelain jar , painted with pink and white peonies and set atop a carved mahogany base .
and my darling peony always seemed so fond of her and sometimes i think , if things had been different , with garan , and our finances ... perhaps she could have belonged here .
petunias , peonies or poppies ?
there were beehives , brocades , bottle rockets , chrysanthemums , cones , crossettes , dragon eggs , dahlias , diadems , girandolas , peonies , strobes , wheels , and willows .
the street addresses were on the mailboxes , and when i rolled to a stop i was smiling at the white picket fence and flowers - peonies and irises - that lined the sidewalk .
marty zellerbach 's private room was airy and comfortable , with a vase of fresh pink peonies on a low table before the window .
lilacs , peonies , and jonquils were arranged in showy springtime displays in tall cut - glass vases .
there was even the refreshing scent of a bouquet of newly cut peonies .
` ` peonies , right ? ''
she did n't trust him with her prized peonies , and donning bonnet and gloves , she 'd chase him away every chance she got .
claire fiddles with some peonies in a silver vase .
maybe it 'll be a vintage cloche dripping with faux peonies , or maybe it 'll be a stetson laced with a red bandanna .
the clean scent of roses and the sweeter scent of peonies mixed with the heavier scents of grapes and olive trees .
my skin felt stretched to the point of ripping by the time i passed the courtyard and inhaled the sweet scent of peonies .
there was something calming and peaceful among the roses and peonies .
it was a solid black stone disc that held two tightly woven ivory peonies .
i rubbed the ruby stone concentrating on the ivory peonies surrounded by the shining black disc .
the ivory peonies were rough against my fingers while the brimstone disc was smooth against my thumb .
when the peonies touched the slot the ground began to shake .
i unclamped the death grip on my necklace and noticed the peonies bit into my palm .
the tips of the intertwined peonies flamed white hot , with the centers burning deep reds and oranges .
i mean , give me all the peonies you want when i ' m alive , but once i ' m dead , better to give donations on my behalf to a good charity like doctors without borders . ''
emily swung around to see maya st . germain leaning against a terra - cotta pot full of peonies .
i darkened her lashes with black walnut , tinted her lips with peonies grown for me in the grisha hothouses .
` ` um , sorry , i ' m sitting out here on my balcony and i think i ' m redder than my neighbor 's peonies . ''
the kick of drowsy lion parried with alert jaw of jackal and then an attack in devious swan , fended off with beguiling perfume of precious peonies , and ... and then i see an opening .
lilies , peonies , hyacinths - the front hall was banked in them .
she removed one vase full of blossoms on the bedside table , although they still looked as fresh though they had just been picked , and replaced them with the new container of yellow roses , peonies , and snapdragons .
shingled rooftops covered tuffeau stone walls , while brightly colored roses and peonies adorned the lawn and the cobbled areas beneath the curtained windows .
your father grew the most beautiful peonies .
your father was one of the few who helped me do penance and find forgiveness , a forgiveness that was like the peonies coming back as beautiful each spring no matter how poorly i had lived my winter .
after wild goose lane came spring : crocuses and daffodils marking out their captured territories of sun , siberian iris raising their white and purple crowns beside the thawing ponds , and blushing peonies nodding by the roadside .
she could also catch the faintness of peonies and astrantias , wafting their delicious aroma from a nearby garden .
given her persona , i expected something more addams family from her domicile , but she had peonies in the front yard , flower boxes , and a nice rock garden .
mrs . cake took an orange vase with pink peonies on it from her daughter 's paws .
peter named the horse peony , and they were great friends ever after .
here , she glimpsed silver droplets of moisture shining on the crimson petals of peonies .
he 'd died at the ripe old age of eighteen and was now fertilizing a neglected patch of peonies in their backyard .
a bee cruised past larry 's nose , circled one of the nearby flowerbeds , and made a three - point landing on a peony .
'' that was peonies , '' says mister vanilla .
he pops a sugared peony into his mouth .
` ` you were reminding me of my aunt peony .
she was facing him but looked past him to the white peonies floating in the gloom below .
he half sat on the porch railing and spat seeds into the peonies below .
i knew , from watching her , that she smiled a lot , to herself , when she was alone , watering the peony .
in the spring , the peonies bloomed , the rose blossomed all summer and the hydrangea put on an impressive show in the fall .
their class was a table of wet , heavy peonies fading on thick fleshy stems .
the rectory was as pleasant a home as before : the red and pink peonies and hollyhocks had bloomed as well this year as last : the rector maintained his cheerful confidence in the good will of patrons , doing nothing with an eye to promotion except , perhaps , the writing of two ecclesiastical articles , which having no signature , were attributed to some one else , except by the patrons who had a special copy sent them , and these certainly knew the author but did not read the articles .
she stamped her foot and fantasies of eastern concubines dropped away in a snow of remembered peonies .
a variety of colors welcomed them in the shape of peonies , potentillas , roses , and spireas .
i pulled a plate decorated with a spray of peonies from a mismatched set in avas whitewashed cabinets and slid the slippery pieces of fruit onto it , then brought it back to emily .
peonies and red roses .
i understand hugh porter is doing a workshop on designing the edible perennial border , and marianne delacruz is lecturing on the world of tree peonies .
i m looking forward to your talk on tree peonies .
i know people will enjoy mariannes pointers on tree peonies tomorrow afternoon .
i m free until three oclock and then i m reviewing marianne delacruzs lecture on tree peonies .
by the way , the chief , here , is interested in tree peonies , so hell be joining me .
tree peonies make an excellent addition to any garden .
a glass vase containing the pink peonies shed brought during her last visit was beginning to fade .
they were standing in a garden lush with orange day lilies and bright crimson peonies .
crocuses and daffodils were long gone ; late tulips were fading and being replaced by irises and peonies .
you are afraid of me , little peony ?
the peonies in the flower boxes burst with so much color that wendy wondered whether they were plastic .
the air was rife with the fragrant aromas of tree peonies and irises .
along the row of chairs at the center were incredible swooping garlands of peonies , ranunculus , miniature roses , and antique roses .
` ` oh , '' i whispered , my eyes slid to the side and i murmured , ` ` all so lanie could have peonies in august . ''
that woman in there with her mountain of kleenex would be happy without peonies in august , red .
in it , tate wearing his dark suit ; jonas wearing his dark suit ; me wearing a form - fitting , cream silk , boat necked dress , the hem hitting above my knee , sexy , pink strappy sandals on my feet and a massive bouquet of delicate , pale pink peonies and roses in my hand .
satina saw at least one stone imp among the peonies .
to top it all off , the lid had a red tissue paper peony looking flower with glittered edges .
soon deep purple dahlias perked up the tasting room counter , while mauve clematis , peach garden roses and cheerful , pink peonies sat on windowsills and tables .
the perfume in the air was a mixture of ocean and peony .
the patio was surrounded by lush greenery , including dogwood and lilac bushes , and an array of blooming lilies , peonies and roses .
she eyed the flower garden , paying particular attention to the roses and peonies .
she had a bouquet of wild white peonies in her hand .
she filled it with cloudy water from the tap , stuffed the peonies roughly inside , and set them on the table next to luce .
wild peonies did n't grow in georgia wetlands .
what was more , these did n't look like any peonies luce had ever seen before .
luce thought about the white peonies he 'd brought her .
she closed her eyes , and when she 'd opened them , daniel was holding the most perfect white peony .
` ` you knew it when you picked white peonies every day for a month that summer in helston .
the white peonies .
a long , thin wrist giving way to an open palm in which a large , full peony rested .
they were rare and delicate wild peonies , with buds as big as baseballs .
they were n't perfect , a few were even wilting , but they were so much lovelier than the larger - than - life peonies francesca had made bloom .
like the wild white peonies that had disappeared without a trace from their border overnight , so too could francesca 's belief disappear that luce was strong .
still standing with her eyes closed , luce could see her dreary dorm room back at sword and cross , made beautiful by the vase of peonies in her window that daniel had brought to her at the hospital .
she could almost smell the gazebo in helston , which teemed with the peonies ' feathery white blooms .
she could hear the smile in daniel 's voice , and when she opened her eyes and saw him standing before the tree stump decked with a vast bouquet of peonies in a tall , wide copper vase , she covered her mouth and gasped .
he 'd strewn the ground with the peonies ' delicate , snowy petals .
but lucinda price knew that the pure - white peonies were more than just a valentine 's day gift .
` ` they 're called peonies .
` ` peonies and ... well , there ought to be something else .
` ` peonies and '' -luce racked her brain .
did n't need anything but daniel ... and , well ... ` ` how about peonies and a kiss ? ''
luce blinked and shifted backward , surprised to find herself in a bed , further surprised by the single white peony in a short glass vase drooping onto the pillow next to her head .
daniel 's fingers traced the petals of the peony behind her ear .
she tugged the peony out from behind her ear and slipped it inside her purse .
there , in the musty corner near the door , was a woven cord embroidered with white peonies hanging from a substantial silver bell .
their round blooms dotted all of heaven 's nooks and crannies , looking something like ancestors of white peonies .
her bouquet was a nosegay of white wild orchids , white peonies and mini calla lilies .
percy flushed up like a peony , to grey 's amusement , and bowed to the company , papers held to his chest .
the beds were a riot of glorious color , with sugary pink saucer - sized roses , ruffled yellow peonies , spiked purple delphinium .
` ` i told them - i told them they must rub it all over , '' she said , her cheeks going a deep peony .
your husband is so gentle and so kind ... .he would n't , i m - mean i know he d - does n't trouble you that way ... '' her face was suffused with a rich peony that reached from chin to hairline , and the stammer was about to strangle her .
i kept my nose in the flowers , speaking distractedly into a peony .
well , you ' ve found me , '' i said , eyeing his coat , which was velvet , rose in color , and had six - inch cuffs of palest pink silk and button - covers embroidered with scarlet peonies .
tulips and daffodils , peonies and violets , would explode in colors so bright they almost made katie 's eyesache .
they wereitems that carly had collected : photos from their honeymoon , a four - leaf clover they 'd found while vacationing invancouver , the bouquet of peonies and calla lilies she 'd carried on her wedding day , ultrasound images of joshand kristen while each was still in her womb , along with the outfits that each had worn on the way home from thehospital .
it was in this season , the school bells rang for the last time and the peonies and delphiniums bloomed , that the locals began to complain that they 'd been cheated .
a large marble floored foyer with a round table holding a giant vase of fragrant peonies greets us .
she took another breath , this one loaded with the scent of peonies rioting pink in someone 's front garden .
roses , peonies , lilies and gerberas , and some i do n't even recognise .
a tiny table flanked by two chairs and sporting a vase of pink peonies and tulips sat near the door .