he was just about to cut the pepper when she snatched it away , glaring back at him .
she handed the pepper back to him .
he asked softly and both his arms came around her as he took the pepper in one hand and the knife in the other .
right , dicing the pepper , she reminded herself .
he asked softly and took the knife and pepper out of her hands , his fingers sliding along her skin and causing another shiver to ripple along her arms and spine .
camila had painted the upper two - thirds of her walls a vibrant chili pepper red .
she ransacked the kitchen cupboards and prepared a ginger tea with cayenne pepper , but ned just spluttered and spit it out when she tried to spoon it into his mouth .
` ` good , '' he said and broke several more into the pan , then added cheese , pepper and salt .
` ` well , you can soak red pepper and tobacco in some water , then spray the mixture on the leaves .
there were small vases holding one perfect rose and a few green leaves at the top of each plate with individual salt and pepper shakers .
brooke startled and dropped the red pepper in her hands .
i picked up the newly washed pepper and began to dice it .
` ` i smell ... pepper .
bottles of oil with various peppers and spices inside were lined up on the counter like soldiers waiting for a call to duty .
she 'd noticed during the few meals she 'd shared with luca that he always added a few dashes of pepper sauce to the soup .
she felt bad for salt and pepper , both of whom had been peering over the edge of their stalls , ready for their ride .
by the time the woman had left after offering fresh pepper and grated cheese , both of which were impatiently declined , jessica decided to go about this a bit differently .
she also explained the various ways to irritate their older brother by spicing up one dish or the other with pepper or jalapenos .
he glanced at the rabbit - shaped salt and pepper shakers and thought about all of the framed bunnies in her living room .
i 'll load your dish with cayenne pepper just to punish you for that ! ''
he motioned for me to give him the pepper grinder and i placed it next to him .
the salt and pepper haired doctor asked .
just when i was about to sit on the cushioned seat , the door cracked open and an older , male doctor with salt and pepper hair came in .
then logan had gone all big brother on her and drilled her : did she have pepper spray ?
besides lipstick and a condom , devon had tucked in pepper spray and a small knife .
she clutched the pepper spray , trying to catch the knife on her cuffs .
she opened the sandwich and tossed aside the lettuce and tomato , painted the bread with a thin layer of mayonnaise , dusted it with salt and pepper , and slapped it back together again .
mel rossi was not only salt , but pepper , too - red - hot pepper when she put her mind to it .
mel rossi was not only salt , but pepper , too - red - hot pepper when she put her mind to it .
ruth worthington would only be forty - seven tomorrow but somehow she 'd made herself sexless , wearing no - nonsense clothes and having her greying , salt and pepper hair cut in a short layered style that required no more than a quick comb through it .
` ` ah , '' she said with an understanding grin , ` ` life outside the narrow confines of garlic , salt and pepper . ''
` ` nothing wrong with salt and pepper .
` ` i do n't see peppercorns , '' he muttered , ` ` and why ca n't i just use ground - up pepper ?
` ` instead of being cooked on a spit and served dried out and tough as canvas , which it is , it could have been simmered in half broth , half wine , with cloves , mace , fennel , and pepper , then laid upon a trencher so the juices made the bread ever so tasty .
` ` otherwise , he would have realized that i was sprinkling pepper in his snuffbox whenever he came to give me lessons .
want a dr pepper , '' billy announced , reaching for the tablet .
a little salt , pepper and other seasonings and they were placed on a plate .
the man was handsome with a full set of salt and pepper hair .
he looked exactly as i remembered : his salt and pepper hair was his only age indicator .
i got my hair from dad and he was mostly salt with little pepper by forty - five .
` ` is this like pepper spray or something ? ''
i considered using my pepper spray necklace on her but quickly decided against it - using it in such a cramped space meant i 'd get hit along with everyone else .
` ` just so you know , this necklace is full of pepper spray .
` ` you know , '' he said , ` ` with the necklace , the hair , and the attitude ... you 're quite the package , pepper . ''
if i was going to be ` ` pepper , '' then ` ` stud '' fit him well .
` ` pepper ?
` ` shut up , pepper , '' he said gruffly .
` ` i would n't have slept with that girl if you had n't pulled that fast one on me , pepper . ''
it was just a bit of pepper spray . ''
let me tell you something , pepper : it 's your move . ''
` ` not quite , pepper .
` ` but if one of the band members tells them ... '' ` ` pepper , i give you my word , '' he said , reaching out to lift my chin until i was looking directly in his eyes , ` ` i can handle the band .
` ` you do n't know me , pepper . ''
so if that 's how you want it , pepper , you 're going to have to sweeten the deal .
` ` trying to keep an eye on me , pepper ? ''
` ` you 're pushing it , pepper , '' he warned .
` ` i ' m not bluffing , pepper . ''
` ` plum puree , champagne ... and black pepper vodka , '' he said .
with the pepper and dry champagne , it looked nothing like the usual , cloyingly sweet cocktails most guys assumed girls preferred .
` ` i get the pepper , '' i replied , ` ` and the champagne , for the hot tub .
i saw a sliced duck breast spread into a fan shape , its crackling skin crusted with pepper .
` ` i do n't think my pepper spray is going to work on them . ''
` ` there 's the pepper i know . ''
` ` i ' m going to follow the badass riley playbook and get out the pepper spray . ''
` ` do n't worry about it , pepper , '' he said , giving me a small smile and a wink .
even though i did n't have my purse or pepper spray with me , i was n't going to sit on the sidelines and watch these animals beat the man i loved to death .
` ` pepper , you 're one in a million . ''
` ` hi pepper , '' he said weakly , adjusting himself so he sat up a little straighter .
` ` pepper , let 's not talk about this , '' he said , exasperation heating up his voice .
we could talk to reed and- '' ` ` pepper , '' jax interrupted , his face hard .
` ` it 's nothing to get worried about , pepper . ''
in the center stood two shakers , one salt , and one pepper .
i curled my hand into a tight fist around the pepper shaker , digging my nails into the soft skin of my palms .
i took one last look at the pepper shaker before flinging it at the wall with enough force to make it bounce off the tile floor as i turned to leave the kitchen .
` ` look at me , pepper .
my words spread like honey , but underneath they were hot pepper .
it was a rough neighborhood , so i was armed with pepper spray .
` ` okay , make sure you bring the pepper spray .
` ` you should at least take my pepper spray . ''
he demanded , digging some pepper spray out of his coat pocket and tucking it into my purse .
why did i not put the pepper spray in my pocket , and where in the hell was jane ?
he verified that i had my key and my phone and my pepper spray and then he left .
he was an older gentleman with salt and pepper hair .
the man was probably in his fifties , with salt and pepper hair and masculine strong features .
and he smelled of black pepper and ginseng .
the boss of the biggest sicilian family east of the los angeles river was a handful of sticks wrapped around the middle with twine , no taller than five - two and starvation thin with hair that had more salt than pepper .
full on , smokin ' , jalapeno pepper hot .
` ` cooper is jelly of the peppers . ''
his salt and pepper hair and weathered features gave him a ruggedly handsome look and made him stand out among yorkshire falls 's single older men .
while speaking with him , she had pulled out her pepper spray , gripping the small bottle in her hand , ready to use it if necessary .
her fingers gripped the pepper spray a little tighter , her finger on the trigger .
she stretched out her arm and blasted him with the pepper spray .
like salt and pepper .
i had no idea what age i actually looked , but i figured the liberal salt and pepper at my temples brought it at least close to forty .
why 's she called pepper ? ''
the question was shouted into a brief pause for breath by an older reporter with salt and pepper hair near the front of the crowd .
she queried , holding up another pepper - shaped tomato near her mouth and eyeing it hungrily , all too aware of jim watching her every move with stunned amazement .
of course , she could also smell the pork dumplings and pepper steak from mr . pong 's downstairs .
waiters bustled around delivering plates of pepper steak and lo mein to the lunch crowd .
greasy , salt and pepper colored hair pushed back from his face allowed the world to see the ravages acne had left on his skin , and eyes like a snake 's did n't add any good to the overall picture .
i have no idea what she does to make it so good , but i think she puts some kind of tomato sauce and pepper in it .
a middle aged man with salt and pepper hair and faded green eyes , his forced smile did n't reach up to those eyes , a telltale sign he was putting on a good face in front of nina .
he was n't just tall , he had broad shoulders , salt and pepper hair and black eyes , tanned skin and a look about him that said , ` ` approach only if you dare '' .
` ` salt and pepper . ''
` ` i need to stop thinking about him , or i 'll end up starving myself , '' i said to myself as i reluctantly called room service for a simple scrambled eggs with only freshly cracked pepper as its seasoning along with white toast and a glass of fresh orange juice .
salt and pepper .
will you grab some black pepper from the cabinet ? ''
` ` habanero pepper , '' he says .
he circles it once , and then rubs the pepper around my areola in circles .
the heat of the pepper creates a fast and stinging sensation .
by the time he is coating my other nipple in the juice of the pepper i am squirming desperately .
the fear of the pepper inside me terrifies me but i have to trust he will not harm me .
although the pepper juice has been neutralized , the burning need of my br**sts continues .
~~~ the smell of lemon pepper awakens me from my slumber .
ceramic salt and pepper shakers shaped like samurai warriors .
quinlan was an attractive man in his early fifties , with salt and pepper gray hair and kind pale blue eyes .
the pungent pepper of the marigolds ?
stupid chili pepper powder must ' ve blown in her face ; her eyes smarted with tears .
chapter fifteen jessie was chopping green peppers for the batch of spanish rice when brandt pulled up .
she realized she 'd put green peppers in a lot of dishes .
` ` maybe i 'll lay off the pepper next time . ''
strands of chili pepper lights draped from the ceiling .
carolyn rattled off - a cast iron pan , a sharp knife , a cutting board , butter , salt , pepper and flour .
carson uncapped his second dr . pepper of the morning and drank .
kizzy scooped some feta cheese and marinated red pepper onto a flatbread and rolled it up in her fingers .
he leans closer again for a moment and grabs two , a coke and dr . pepper from the refrigerator .
but when she opened the door , instead of a plumber and alexei 's landlord , there stood two men in business suits , one a tall , beefy , middle - aged man with salt and pepper hair , the other a much younger , skinny guy in glasses .
nikolai added a bit of pepper to the lemon chicken his wife had made with a tight jaw .
the young woman froze with one hand clenching her dog 's tether and the other hand stuffed in the pocket of her parka - holding pepper spray ?
they wrap him in some type of bag and pepper jay with questions .
i look away , eyeing the table , and notice two wedding rings there , between the salt and pepper shakers .
she was suddenly very aware , not just of the hard strength in the arms that held her , but that she was leaning back against his chest and that he smelled of , for some reason , black pepper .
she recognized the citrusy black - pepper scent , but on him it smelled different .
beautiful celestial maps warred for space with salt and pepper shakers shaped like the figures from the clock in the old town square .
the scent of black pepper and soap and cold air clung around him as she pressed her face into his shoulder and breathed him in .
the air that blew down the corridor was stinging hot , like pepper thrown into the heart of a fire .
anger tasted like hot pepper on my tongue .
the fact i probably resembled a chili pepper was n't cute .
face flaming like a red pepper , i spun around .
his salt - and - pepper hair is more salt than pepper and he 's gained at least ten pounds around his waist since i last saw him - nine years ago - but there 's no mistaking jack warner .
his salt - and - pepper hair is more salt than pepper and he 's gained at least ten pounds around his waist since i last saw him - nine years ago - but there 's no mistaking jack warner .
giovanni rossi remained a striking man , with a full head of salt and pepper hair , and a strong jaw .
` ` like a nursery , '' cary said , shaking crushed red pepper onto his slice .
` ` then what 's he doing in penny 's , pepper ? ''
i ' m not too fond of pepper either .
i have to think it 's because , like pepper , they presume he 's waiting for ben to start batting for the other team .
i quickly begin filling the salt and pepper shakers .
i tied on my apron and began to check the salt and pepper shakers on the tables .
i noticed that the salt and pepper shakers need topping up .
just show me where the salt and pepper are stored .
he was putting chopped onion and seasoned salt and green peppers in the meat and forming the patties , and he was mighty startled when we bolted into the kitchen and ducked .
he was considered most peculiar in his needs and requests , for he brought his own food and drink into his rooms , and kept it locked in a wooden chest , which he would only open to take himself an apple , or a wedge of cheese , or a cup of pepper - wine .
or until i get that crown back ... . 1 new orleans present day stupid ... safety lock , '' holly ashwin muttered as she fiddled with the nozzle of the pepper spray in her bag .
meg was in the long swing , a half - melted popsicle in her grip , pepper sprawled out beneath her .
from the porch steps , pepper raised her head , not knowing who to follow .
is it pepper ?
but if you put one foot on my land outside of your official capacity , i 'll set pepper on you .
lilly cried out again , this time in fear for her daughter , and from inside , pepper began to bark .
lilly snatched up a biscuit from last night 's dinner , and taking her floppy hat at the last moment , she gave pepper a pat , telling her to stay .
from outside , the sound of the girls playing in the drying creek came in , and pepper whined , wanting to join them .
there was a small lazy susan with napkins , salt and pepper , and a dusty ashtray sitting right where it would be in my mom 's kitchen - whispers of her still in my dad 's life though she 'd been gone for years .
his kids had enjoyed the updraft until their papa had warmed up enough to yell at them from the salt and pepper shakers on the back of the stove .
` ` pepper piss !
` ` oh god , you stink worse than six - week - old pepper piss , rache , '' he said as he hovered before me , eyeing glissando suspiciously .
his thick salt - and - pepper hair stood on end , his hands plowing through it every few seconds .
if he were a food , he would be a grade a fillet , marinated in a rich sweet - and - tangy sauce - and sprinkled with enough cayenne pepper to burn just right .
now , her hair was a perfect mix of salt and pepper and her skin had smoothed out , only a few lines remaining .
then , ` ` maybe if you added a little pepper ? ''
chicken fried steak with pepper gravy , and some fresh corn .
` ` you do n't wear lipstick , so i ' m guessing this is pepper spray .
to her , i was just the ass**le who put crunchy pepper chunks on her macaroni .
` ` you and i ... '' a painful fire bolted through my mouth as if i 'd just bitten into an explosive , spicy chili pepper .
` ` do n't say i did n't warn you ... '' ixtab reached out , intending to give him a little taste of something she liked to call ... an ixtab spanking : a hint of chili pepper .
this one had several symbols carved into its stone back : a chili pepper , a sunflower , a giant happy face .
she explained how she 'd caught the intruder , and luis immediately went for his handcuffs , baton , pepper spray , and flashlight .
he 'd never smelled a more enticing fragrance : tropical flowers mixed with a slight hint of those roasted chili peppers from her kitchen and fresh ocean air .
i marched back to my tables , which were thankfully empty and started straightening the salt and pepper shakers .
i took another drink and looked over at riley who was arranging salt and pepper shakers on her empty tables .
she started to rearrange the salt and pepper shakers and given my current state of mind , she might as well be clubbing baby seals .
` ` i did see another side to him , from time to time , '' i added , thinking about the day he nearly exploded over pepper .
` ` free pepper ? ''
` ` he 'll be freeing pepper ? ''
` ` ara , pepper and i are done . ''
` ` pepper is a part of my past .
i waited for a second , tense , feeling a kind of energy in david 's voice that made me wonder if one of those prisoners was ... ` ` is pepper one of them ? ''
you ' ve told me not to ask about pepper .
` ` pepper inclusive , '' i probed , keeping my gaze on the horizon .
` ` we 'll start with pepper , and see how we go from there . ''
` ` so pepper was a good influence on him ? ''
` ` ara was just thinking that david told her he 'd only ever wanted to be with one vampire , and it was n't pepper . ''
so , what was pepper like then ? ''
and i ' m so sorry for what i said about pepper . ''
we make it lighter and more contrast - y through some app she has , and we crop it , but we leave in the random pepper shaker because it seems to add to the whole thing .
the turkey goes in at ten thirty - covered in butter and salt and pepper and celery and carrots and onions .
she tastes the dressing and pauses , adding another sprinkle of pepper .
we eat hastily made sandwiches and his mom 's fierce pepper brownies from the cooler , and talk about plans for school and our families until the sun begins to sink lower and the air picks up a low chill .
you could n't give them any encouragement , that 's what they 'd learned in fifth - period women 's empowerment classes : firm declarative statements , and , at last resort , a quick blast of pepper spray .
` ` i know , '' i retorted too quickly , missing my fingers by a hairsbreadth as i violently trimmed the last quarter of the pepper .
edmund seemed oblivious to my turmoil and reached forward to pluck a raw piece of pepper from the pile i had created .
` ` bacon , eggs , cheese , milk , lunch meat , bread , dr pepper , mikes hard lemonade you pretend is nt there , chocolate chip cookie dough ... . '' ty tried desperately not to smile , pressing his lips together hard despite knowing it caused his dimples to make an appearance .
` ` dr pepper is fine , '' zane said .
after the shape he was in last night , i d say he took a whole one today , which makes me think i should smack him upside the head , '' zane rambled , accepting the dr pepper with a quiet thank - you as he thought about how sick ty would be tomorrow .
` ` and on the way we 'll get some cheetos and dr pepper for ty 's blood sugar , '' zane added , unperturbed .
strings of red chili pepper lights lined a porch crowded with tables and patrons .
ty had ordered a scotch to toast richard burns , but after that he 'd stuck to dr pepper .
hattie and some chick named pepper .
i bet she 'll tell me to shake his hand politely one last time or , better yet , wave from a distance before my vagina turns into the equivalent of a human habanero pepper .
we take a seat under the overgrown pepper tree , and i pull kenny onto my lap .
barron singes the two of us with his salt and pepper brows .
` ` i 'd say , salt and pepper . ''
like you could be ketchup , and i could be mustard , or salt and pepper , or we could be superheroes or pirates . ''
his salt and pepper hair reflects a strange orange hue from the inferno raging out of control .
his salt and pepper brows rise with concern .
an entire slew of recent messages to and from pepper , her show pony .
when she gets back , she sends bella and me out for a quick break while she and pepper go over the revamping of jeneration jinx .
evelyn and pepper look up as soon i enter .
` ` she lost it , '' pepper whispers .
at 10:50 evelyn and pepper make an appearance .
interns clog the stairwell with pepper at the helm .
i bet she had pepper bring in her crew just to frame stevie .
` ` two words : pepper spray , '' baya insists .
the tall gothic - style buildings give this place that hogwarts ' vibe i ' ve always secretly craved , and the pepper trees , the weeping willows , the overgrown maples only lend to the magic .
my mother would be stocking up on pepper spray and stun guns - a rape whistle and a club .
he trails that incredible mouth and tongue over my belly , nuzzles my navel , and peppers sweet , wet kisses up and down my ribs , making me squirm .
i sprinkle pepper on my omelet and take a bite .
i reach around him and pluck a piece of red pepper off his cutting board and pop it in my mouth .
i hook a canister of pepper spray onto my hip and grip the kubotan that holds my keys in my right hand , even though it 's annoying as all hell to run with .
she locks the door behind me and throws her purse onto the front table along with a can of pepper spray and that baton key holder thing she always carries around .
i ask when she walks back into the garage just after ten and strips the can of pepper spray from her waist and the heart monitor off her wrist .
it 's in my purse under the seat in drew 's car , right next to my can of pepper spray because i did n't have anywhere to clip it on my dress .
this was finished off with a cafetiere of coffee , a mug , a small jug filled with milk , a sugar bowl and a tiny salt and pepper shaker .
iron man has that dude in the military and pepper potts .
they also do a pepper sauce that is very tasty but the bearnaise is way better .
he stayed on the phone while i started up the grill for the steaks and seasoned them ( i also seasoned good steaks , salt and pepper , seasoning salt and worcestershire sauce , brilliant ) , put some new potatoes on the boil and got the water ready for the peas when they needed to go in .
there was a subtle hint of garlic as well , the pepper was clearly freshly ground and the crab was succulent .
there was a salt pig ( filled ) and a pepper grinder ( also filled ) .
he was a few inches shorter than his son , he had thick , attractive , salt and pepper hair and nearly colin 's exact bone structure .
he had salt and pepper hair and had been built like a defensive lineman when he was young .
he 'll do the swap , the girl for the diamonds , '' phone guy pepper shooter told watch guy sandy shooter .
then , the front door flew open and both pepper rick and sandy whirled toward it .
i thought he was calling about pepper rick , the guy who kidnapped me .
unfortunately , pepper rick was probably long gone .
it was when the disco slowed to the funky bit that was a wind up to when barbra gets so pissed off her voice goes husky that i saw pepper rick standing across the room , pointing a gun at me .
my head popped up and sure enough , it was pepper rick .
` ` we saw pepper rick so we 're following him .
ally 's mustang did a couple more sickening lurches and then we all accelerated , pepper rick and coxy 's boys jockeying for position in front of us like they were on a nascar track .
i did n't know if the cops had caught pepper rick last night .
` ` pepper spray .
do not use the pepper spray .
i grabbed my gunbelt , pulled out the pepper spray and rammed it in my front pocket .
i pointed the gun at the hit man , pulled the pepper spray out of my pocket and gave it to ally saying , ` ` how 'd you find rosie ? ''
i did n't waste any time , rosie was found , pepper rick and sandy pete were out of the picture and the hit man was behind bars .
as far as i knew , ally still had the pepper spray , eddie had the taser which left me with the stun gun .
he also sold knives , ammo , stun guns , tasers , mace , pepper spray and calendars with my sister 's picture on the front .
vance outfitted us with stun guns , tasers and pepper spray .
` ` stun guns , tasers , pepper spray , '' i said .
indy had the stun guns and tasers in her car , the only thing i had was the pepper spray in my purse .
i opened my bag and barely got it out when eddie 's hand came out and smacked against mine , sending the pepper spray flying and skittering down the sidewalk .
he handed out bags , ` ` i ' ve checked , stun guns and tasers are charged , pepper sprays are readily available .
i sucked in breath and pul ed my purse closer , the better to reach my pepper spray .
he tried to tel me with the pepper spray incident , but did i listen ?
he was tall , salt and pepper hair , blue eyes , glasses , kinda stocky .
i hung up , tossed the draining bulgar wheat in with the other junk , chopped the onions , cried a little bit , threw them in too , mixed it up with a dash of olive oil , lemon juice and salt and pepper .
jet , roxie , daisy and smithie went to get provisions including stun guns , tasers , pepper spray and handcuffs .
buddy answered it and came back with a short , heavyset lady with spiky , salt and pepper hair and clear blue eyes .
stun guns and pepper spray can get commandeered if you do n't got the moves to stop it , and then be turned on you .
` ` you still carry , keep your stun gun and pepper spray on you .
i ordered a bottle of fat tire and waited , phone on the table by my beer , pepper spray in my back pocket .
i grabbed my little pepper spray and stun gun out of the glove compartment before i got out .
shoving my stun gun in the back waistband of my jeans and my pepper spray in my front pocket , i stormed the rest of my pique off by stomping up to the door , ren following me .
i screamed , reaching into my purse for my pepper spray as rivers turned to me .
he was on me before i had the pepper spray out , but i got my hand on it and pulled it out as he shoved me into the side of my car .
he swiftly lifted a hand , and i felt a sharp stab in my neck just as i got the pepper spray out and up between us .
` ` fine , but i carry pepper spray , so do n't think you can kidnap me or anything . ''
i 'll be sure to bring my pepper spray in case he pulls down his pants . ''
i pulled out my pepper spray and taser .
salt and pepper hair , a fit body , probably around five ten and one seventy five .
he had salt and pepper hair that was slicked back at all times .
she dropped one of the bags at her feet , reached into her purse , and pulled out the pepper spray .
` ` no , '' i say as i sprinkle pepper onto my eggs , ` ` i just enjoy the breakfast . ''
illegal ones , i thought to myself with a little laugh as i cut up a red pepper into the shape of a star .
the doctor , a tall and fit middle - aged man with salt and pepper hair , comes to stand by my side .
brooke was still grinning as she drained the water from the pot and added butter , cheese , and a dash of pepper to the pasta .
he snagged a slice of bell pepper from her cutting board .
` ` so , '' she asked as she tore another chunk of bread off and dipped it in the red - pepper hummus , ` ` how do you know about this place ? ''
the only other things on the rugged surface were wooden salt and pepper shakers and a basket of bread .
was pushing a bit of meat loaf around her plate like it was a soccer ball , and devlin was stacking and unstacking the salt and pepper shakers with an urgency chester found highly amusing .
in front of each elegant mound , there were three glasses , one for water and two for wine , and all over the table , like a swarm , were little silver bowls holding salt , pepper and butter squares .
her mother was nothing like her , shorter , more delicate , with salt - and - pepper hair and bright green eyes - but absolutely lovely ... and with a brisk handshake that absolutely made him think of the woman 's daughter .
why in the hell is the black pepper in the fridge ?
` ` you ' ve got pepper jack , though . ''
` ` and i 'll have a ham , green pepper , and cheese omelet , please . ''
i sprinkled some salt and pepper across my eggs .
the 2002 riot , when blacks and hispanics started stabbing one another in the exercise yard known as facility b , had taken one hundred and twenty guards and thirty minutes to stop , and that was using everything from pepper spray , to tear gas , to rubber bullets , to wooden bullets , to two dozen .223 - caliber rounds from ruger mini-14 rifles .
but the guard had a can of pepper spray on his belt .
buzz thrust again just as virgil reached for the pepper spray , but virgil saw the shank coming and , in a motion born more of instinct than intent , pulled john in front of him .
fumbling to get hold of the pepper spray before it was too late , virgil grabbed the canister despite john 's thrashing around on the floor .
claire slid the salt and pepper shakers behind the napkin dispenser .
he toyed with the salt and pepper shakers she 'd put on the table .
an abundance of hair gel fixed the long strands of his salt - and - pepper hair so firmly in place a hurricane could n't muss it , and he smelled like he 'd bathed in cheap cologne .
romain toyed with the salt and pepper shakers .
katie shook her head as she toyed with the salt and pepper shakers in the center of the table .
her other option was pepper spray .
where was her pepper spray ?
preparing for the confrontation to come , she withdrew her pepper spray and held it ready .
already sporting a bandage over his left eye , presumably where she 'd hit him with the pepper spray canister , he allowed the medic to dab some antiseptic on his cheek .
the pepper spray can she 'd thrown had split his eyebrow and she 'd scratched his face .
she also had a new can of pepper spray in the top drawer of her nightstand .
francesca held the knife and the pepper spray in one hand while she closed and locked her bedroom door .
briefly letting go of the pepper spray , she wiped her damp palm on her bare leg , then did the same with the other hand , the one holding the knife .
sitting in the chair across from her , he examined the pepper spray on the table between them .
` ` but you have your pepper spray ready ? ''
` ` are you holding your pepper spray ? ''
the air - conditioning came on so she burrowed deeper under the covers while toying with the pepper spray jonah had insisted she keep close at hand .
search the blankets for the pepper spray she 'd taken to bed with her ?
she decided to lock her door , reclaim her pepper spray and her phone and hide under the bed to place a distress call .
she 'd left her pepper spray under the blankets and needed to find it .
attempting to locate her pepper spray with her feet , francesca inched to one side .
had he taken one more step , francesca would ' ve had no choice but to dive for the pepper spray , even though she had n't located it yet in the bedding .
she still had n't found the pepper spray , but making a run for it seemed just as big a gamble as a search .
terrified that she would n't come up with her pepper spray , she almost could n't believe it when her hand closed around the canister and she withdrew it so easily from the sheets .
the pepper spray burned her eyes , temporarily blinding her , but she knew her bedroom better than dean did .
if - if not for that pepper spray ... '' ` ` what ? ''
since the effects of the pepper spray have worn off , i ' m just ... rattled . ''
` ` and i gave him a shot of pepper spray .
rachel shoved the salt and pepper and sugar packets against the wall .
salt and pepper shakers .
like salt and pepper shakers . ''
i take another bite of the leftover bell pepper and knox groans .
the pepper hangs from my mouth and both hands hold on to the counter shaken that he was going to try and move me .
his mouth slightly opens as he takes the other end of the pepper into his mouth .
knox bites the pepper off and turns back to the eggs and jeremy laughs as he reaches in the cabinet for a glass .
i wish i had mace , pepper spray , anything .
the scent of delicious peppers , ginger , and garlic trails behind him , and i follow like a puppy .
she drops a large bag of cheetos in between us , along with a bottle of water and a bottle of dr pepper , then shuts the door .
he picks a pepper off his pizza and tosses it into the box .
i grab a can of dr pepper for me and a mountain dew for him before i bump the door shut with my hip .
i ' m opening the door to get a dr . pepper , but freeze .
leaving lake to her lecturing , i pushed the front door open and was greeted by a chilly breeze and a feeling of wrongness that i recognized all too well : the sound of fingernails on a chalkboard , the smell of black pepper and rotting leaves .
whenever i saw a second pair of tracks , i ran along them , and i loosed my emergency bag of cayenne pepper ( which i kept on my person at all times ) in an area where i knew any self - respecting tracker would take a great big whiff .
miranda had given me a bottle of pepper spray to have for safety .
miranda scrambled to pick up the mess as bella began screaming that a hot pepper filled with cream cheese was on her .
i fixed myself a tomato sandwich sprinkled with salt , pepper , and just a dash of dill weed .
the sun glinted off the silver strands in her iron - gray hair , making it look more salt than pepper .
all of it artfully arranged in small white china bowls and garnished with carrots cut into the shapes of sunflowers , green peppers that had been curlicued like ivy vines , and pepper flakes that looked like bits of red snow resting on top of the mounds of steaming food .
the meat had a bit of a spicy red pepper seasoning , and the heat pleasantly warmed my mouth .
i always carried pepper spray on my key ring , but it was still stuck in the ignition of the car .
when i got into the driver 's side , i handed her my keys with my pepper spray attached .
last week the doctor and i discussed carrying pepper spray and possibly taking a self - defense class .
` ` brandon 's car does n't have a back seat , '' she pointed out demurely as she sliced green peppers .
salt , pepper , sugar , a half - empty bottle of vanilla extract , and an unopened jar of maple syrup .
lillian concentrated on the bell pepper .
lillian dumped the sliced pepper into a bowl .
if her most recent memories were of her mission to save him , he 'd have to find some way to convince her she was an angel without sending her bolting for the nearest can of pepper spray .
how was it she could remember how much pepper went into scrambled eggs , but she could n't remember her first kiss with tony ?
elizabeth scrambled to her desk , grabbed the pepper spray she kept in her drawer , and snatched her cell phone out of her pocket at the same time .
elizabeth brought her hand up , aimed the can of pepper spray at his face , and gave him a full dose .
chapter two elizabeth chapman 's red - streaked hair was mussed and her blue eyes were filled with fear as she faced ronan , but she kept her hand firmly on the pepper spray .
` ` why 'd you hit me with the pepper spray ? ''
said pepper spray did n't move .
he put out his hand and lowered the pepper spray without taking it away from her .
` ` i ' ve got some roasted red pepper salsa if that 's your thing , or good old - fashioned salt and pepper .
` ` i ' ve got some roasted red pepper salsa if that 's your thing , or good old - fashioned salt and pepper .
< br/ > it needed more pepper .
it was n't as good as real pepper but would do in a pinch .
the soup would survive without the pepper .
steal a can of black pepper and sprinkle that on the meat .
` ` and me without my pepper spray . ''
` ` we like pepper spray , '' liam answered .
she 'd seasoned the ground beef with garlic , salt , pepper , and a pinch of swamp spice , added an equal amount of cooked rice , shaped the mix into oblong patties , rolled them in bread crumbs , and fried them .
sharp raw smells - ammonia , gasoline , and pepper .
so much pepper .
not pepper spray , but an explosion of nose - assaulting chiles , the kind that could burn your skin and make your eyes and nose run for hours .
` ` define blue pepper . ''
the picture of a blue pepper ignited on the kitchen 's digital screen .
the ai opened a frame showing a woman deftly chopping the pepper into five mil imeter wide rings .
claire watched it for a few seconds , picked up the knife , and chopped the pepper .
` ` cinnamon , cardamom , and a bit of black pepper , that is all .
` ` and putting pepper into a cake ?
he kissed juliana again , tasting the tea on her lips , and the cinnamon and pepper of the cake she 'd nibbled .
that brine had root beer , paprika , garlic , pepper , and salt in it , and after the pork ribs had soaked in it for at least a day , papaw threw them on the grill with some hickory wood chips .
on their last morning in napa , after a week of celebrations , after the wedding and christmas , the various tours of vineyards and the many meals with relatives , lucy stood outside the house they 'd rented and watched a flock of birds moving over the fields , flecks of pepper in a salt - white sky .
hugh dalton 's hair had more salt than pepper now , but he still wore it cropped close to his head in the same style as when he 'd been a lieutenant colonel .
she had two of those ; one filled with pepper spray , the other with silver nitrate .
denise screamed as loud as she could , raising her pepper spray and sending a burst of liquid in the man 's face .
she placed her mouth over his , blowing hard - and began to choke as she tasted pepper spray .
but denise continued to pound on his chest , cupping her hands around his mouth to blow into it without her lips coming into contact with more pepper spray .
denise knew she had n't imagined the man who 'd been immune to both pepper spray and silver nitrate .
it had n't escaped denise 's notice that when she 'd been treated for pepper spray , her blood had also been taken , presumably to check her alcohol levels .
` ` i saw my cousin murdered by a man who did n't even twitch when i maced him with pepper spray and silver nitrate .
denise said she 'd maced the attacker with pepper spray and silver .
i opened every kitchen cabinet and found salt , cayenne pepper , and one beef jerky stick that had expired two years ago .
a fter dinner she changes over to ritz crackers with cream cheese and green pepper jelly .
oh , you mean the windmill salt and pepper shakers . ''
` ` my mother collects salt and pepper shakers .
i leaned forward until my boobs sat on the table like a set of oversize salt and pepper shakers .
my lord , half a teaspoon of cayenne pepper in two eggs .
` ` it 's the pepper , john . ''
he could n't seem to sit still and he was either drumming his fingers on the tabletop , tapping his foot , or rearranging the salt and pepper shakers .
she bought the necessities - coffee , milk , bread , eggs , butter , sugar , flour , salt and pepper , as well as some fruit , mayonnaise , blueberry jam , and ice cream .
he bought sugar and flour , salt and pepper , cans of corn and carrots , peaches and soup , a bag of rice , a variety of drinks .
there were people on the street , and she had a healthy set of lungs if he tried anything funny , not to mention a can of pepper spray in her handbag .
it was pretty much a french chicken , pepper , and tomato stew .
` ` turkey , cheese , lettuce , tomato , mayo , and hot peppers . ''
we ordered a large sausage and pepper pizza to share .
then i checked the pepper shakers and the bottles of hot peppers on each table and booth , the tabasco sauce , too .
then i checked the pepper shakers and the bottles of hot peppers on each table and booth , the tabasco sauce , too .
surreptitiously , i opened my shoulder bag with one hand and extracted the pepper spray bill had given me for emergencies .
i tucked the pepper spray back in my purse .
i held the pepper spray down by my side as the young man laid out the food and the coffeepot .
i stared blankly at the table : the familiar napkin holder that my grandmother had bought at a craft fair , and the sugar bowl , and the salt- and pepper - shakers shaped like a rooster and a hen .
i made sure the napkin holders were full and checked the salt and pepper shakers .
but nothing i learned helped me discover cody 's whereabouts until i ventured into maddy pepper 's head .
to keep my part of it silent , which the police and i both agreed was absolutely the best idea , andy suggested to kenya that she 'd suddenly realized the only receptacle in the school she had n't searched was maddy pepper 's trash can .
` ` looking good , jb , '' i said brightly , pulling the menus from between the napkin box and the salt and pepper shakers in the middle of the table and handing one to him and one to tara .
there was a long , dead time in which i did nothing but stand and hold a fake dr pepper can .
` ` that 's why he planted that dr pepper bomb , '' i said about five minutes later .
i do n't know diddly - squat about steamed vegetables , but i had prepared all the raw materials - the zucchini , bell peppers , mushrooms , cauliflower .
` ` i ' ve got my mace , pepper spray , highly illegal taser gun , and if all else fails ... '' she whips out a four - inch metal rod that , with a flick of her wrist , expands to the size of a police - issue nightstick - with pointy barbs on the end .
` ` and since she doubted i had more than salt and pepper on hand for spices , you 'd want to make a list before you went shopping . ''
she had n't even found salt and pepper when she 'd gone through the cupboards and pantry .
in pure southern california fashion , that afternoon for a snack i had an avocado , dressed simply with salt , pepper , and fresh lemon juice from my own trees .
but the only thing i set myself to grinding was the pepper mill .
i then tossed them with a little brown butter and cracked pepper .
would he care for another diet dr pepper ?
` ` can i get another diet dr pepper , please ?
dark suit , tanned skin , that little bit of salt starting to edge out the pepper at his temples , and those eyes that were full of fun .
he showed me how to spread out the paper to catch the drips , added salt and pepper , then how to hold it so it did n't spill out over the sides .
even his salad - simple greens dressed lightly with lemon and olive oil , salt , pepper , and good parmesan - was easy and perfect .
daniel 's mom is wearing a peach - colored twin set and tailored pants that look perfectly pressed , her rich brown hair pristine in its blown out goodness , and his dad is wearing a tailored matching shirt and slacks with spit - polished black , shiny shoes and perfectly coiffed salt and pepper hair .
sebastian picked up the foot - high bobble - headed cowboy - that would be taco terry - that sat on every table beside the plastic salt and pepper shakers .
` ` that took all of three minutes , '' he pointed out , sprinkling red pepper across his noodles .
she dotted some pepper sauce into the glass , then slipped in the celery .
the conversation took place while we heaped meat loaf and vegetables on our plates , sprinkled salt and pepper , sipped at the iced tea that already sat in our glasses .
before i had time to blink , the plastic salt and pepper shakers were sliding across the table in front of me .
he paused as if for dramatic effect while the vampires looked nervously around , the pepper of tense magic rising in the room .
they talked like she talked , all salt with a little pepper thrown in .
the word ground out of his throat like he 'd dusted it with red pepper .
her eyes felt chili pepper hot all over again .
this was surely one of the most difficult experiences he 'd ever known , wanting to touch this woman yet holding back , sort of like trying not to sneeze while inhaling black pepper .
` ` i want frank sinatra 's pepper steak.and a mixed - green salad .
realizing he was just standing there staring at her firm little bottom , ethan pulled out his cell phone and ordered her food.frank sinatra 's pepper steak .
at peter 's smirk , she added , ` ` food.my pepper steak . ''
a twix bar and a dr pepper .
` ` definitely more pepper .
i dump the onion , pepper and garlic into the pan with the meatballs and the sauce .
a touch of black pepper , a few more minutes , and it 's ready to go .
` ` who knew all i needed was a bit of black pepper ? ''
i watch as he pulls out various ingredients - ground beef , kidney beans , tomatoes , pepper , onion ... ` ` what are you doing ? ''
he chopped the last of the red pepper and pitched it into the wok with onions , carrots , and broccoli .
easing back a step , she placed the money on the table by the salt and pepper shakers before turning on her heels .
jesus , it came from the mortifying moment of setting his own mustache on fire with the flaming dr pepper drink in a bar .
instead of scorch - which he 'd earned by setting his blond mustache on fire with a flaming dr pepper drink - perhaps something like ivy league and shortening it to ivy .
` ` scorch set his mustache on fire once in the officer 's club bar with a drink called a flaming dr pepper . ''
his salt - and - pepper hair , cropped army - regulation short out of habit , looked too right with his orange jumpsuit .
he picked up the pepper and shook it upside down , letting the grinds spread all over the table .
her chin propped in her hand , molly studied the pepper from his analogy , obviously mulling over the possibilities before speaking .
she bowed her head down and walked to the corner , her hand wrapped around the pepper spray she kept in her coat pocket as a precaution .
as she reached the corner , someone grabbed her arm and she swung around , pepper spray in her other hand .
she stumbled backward and looked up to see kevin , pepper spray in hand and a dark scowl on his face .
i had a plan , i had pepper spray- '' ` ` which would have done you a lot of good when facing a drug - dealing cop killer ! ''
i stared at my slice of pepperoni and green pepper .
i got myself another dr pepper and dusty got another mountain dew .
` ` they did n't have dr pepper , sorry . ''
how did he know i liked dr pepper ?
in addition to the mic and earpiece , she was equipped with a cell phone , a global positioning device and pepper spray .
she figured , hey , she was reasonably adept with tabasco sauce , so pepper spray could n't be too far a stretch .
i could have , like , totally used a bunch of friends named muffy and bitsy and pepper . ''
` ` i snuck a look in pepper 's book . ''
` ` get the hell out , pepper , '' mick said without heat .
` ` i would retreat , sir , as i did the other times you ordered me from this room , '' pepper said precisely , ` ` but i feel i should tell you that your men are worried . ''
` ` ah , '' pepper said .
` ` but ... but ... , '' pepper stuttered .
` ` sir , '' pepper began .
not one salt or pepper hair was out of place as he stared neil down .
a crush of pepper , garlic , and herbs arrested his senses as the aroma of the beef met his nose .
i ca n't find my shorts - god it hurts so bad - so i stumble my way to the bathroom in order to wash the pepper juice from my eyes and hands .
and she did wish that she had a can of pepper spray with her .
she wrapped her fingers around her pepper spray that she kept in her bag .
skye still had her grip on the pepper spray .
her pepper spray waited inside .
her fingers closed around the pepper spray .
all the while , she kept a steady hold on her pepper spray .
i got pepper in my eye . ''
how 'd you get pepper in your eye ? ''
in her late seventies , with a mane of salt and pepper hair , margie was the epitome of elegance .
cayenne pepper !
` ` a dr pepper if you have it , '' he says , sitting back against the seat .
the wolf with the salt and pepper fur - dominic - had other ideas .
now , for the pepper and spices , '' i flung all of it into the pan on the stove with my fingers while fes watched avidly beside me .
i place a chopping board and some red peppers in front of him .
christian is unpacking the box , producing a thermos , soup bowl , side plate , linen napkin , soupspoon , a small basket of bread rolls , silver salt and pepper shakers ...
i had spent a lot of nights waiting for her with my can of pepper spray held tightly in my hand while i hid in the shadows .
i grabbed those and the salt and pepper shakers that gunner and ellie had bought for us .
can you get me some cheese , red and green peppers , and spring onions ? ''
i bought a liter of dr pepper earlier and stowed it in the fridge , but stoner richard , in his zeal to cook , has moved everything , so i have to dig for it .
` ` just a dr pepper . ''
i thank the trucker , buy $ 40 worth of gas , a california map , a couple of burritos , and a liter of dr pepper .
i reach for a now - tepid bottle of dr pepper .
` ` sea salt and black pepper granules for the grinders . ''
on the stove was a pot full of white pepper gravy , and as promised , on the far side of the granite island was a serving dish full of crispy bacon .
i descended the stairs , grinning at thomas standing in front of the stove , his father holding the salt and pepper .
he had dignity , and not just the faux kind created by a real - or - fake sprinkling of salt in his pepper , and , to his credit , if it had n't been for his willingness to use his clout in the service of journalistic ethics , things could have been far worse .
i added a twist or two of freshly ground cracked pepper .
` ` you do n't suppose there 's too much pepper in this stew ? ''
` ` aye , i ' m sure , '' he amended , ` ` and no , the pepper 's fine .
i like a wee bit of pepper . ''
and tasted very like , too , dredged in flour and egg with a little salt and pepper and fried .
i gave the shelf behind me a quick glance ; it was our pantry and held the sum total of the household 's stores : a small crock of lard , cloth bags of oatmeal , flour , rice , beans , and parched corn , a braid of onions and a few dried apples , half a wheel of cheese , a little box of salt and a pepper pot , and the remains of a loaf of sugar .
echo i should have brought pepper spray .
isaiah and beth sit on the bed and munch on a shared container of pepper steak .
it 's sitting on the table with the salt and pepper , like it 's a normal condiment .
he had a bracelet designed that featured a small pocket knife and some pepper spray .
i stayed after to wipe down tables and refill parmesan and red pepper flake containers .
he was tall and distinguished , with dark brown hair growing in salt and pepper around his temples .
he looked dignified in a black suit , with salt and pepper sprinkled in his hair .
they clutched the table , which was clamped to the floor , arms shooting out to stop salt , pepper or beakers sliding off .
there was the grumpy one with the salt - and - pepper moustache , who usually managed to find fault with something , demanding salt , pepper or extra meat .
there was the grumpy one with the salt - and - pepper moustache , who usually managed to find fault with something , demanding salt , pepper or extra meat .
` ` if i could find some good cayenne pepper powder and his change of pants , i 'd make sure he did n't enjoy any groupie action tonight . ''
her salt and pepper hair was swept back from her face with glittering combs .
i grinned and reached up to kiss the salt and pepper stubble on his cheek .
the inside was empty accept for two waitresses refilling salt and pepper shakers .
when he rubbed in some pepper on the chicken , i raised my brows in surprise .
with his salt and pepper hair , bright smile , and rugged good looks , he was quite the prize around these parts .
frank 's salt and pepper brows furrowed .
i shoved him away from the door and slammed it , then saw claire standing behind me holding her car keys with the a small can of pepper spray she just used on her keyring .
do i need to remind you i ' m the one that sprayed him with pepper spray ? ''
` ` do i need to remind you that the only reason you had to spray him with pepper spray was because you were with me ?
i thought about how jessie had been stabbed and shot by people no different from these thugs he was arguing with now and i reached for my pepper spray in my purse , just in case .
i sprayed him with my pepper spray .
i need to wash the pepper spray off my face . ''
that meant he was n't too pissed at me about the pepper spray , so that was good , right ?
i sprayed the guy that jumped him with pepper spray but some blew back into nick 's face .
` ` i know about pepper spray treatment because we occasionally use it in the line of duty .
that 's all i could say as i thought about the dangerous situations nick would be in after he became a cop and pepper spray would be the least of his worries when it came to dangerous criminals .
` ` it should get better soon but you 'll have to wait for your eyes to get better on their own because detergent wo n't feel much better than the pepper .
he put his lips against mine and i felt a fire growing that had absolutely nothing to do with pepper spray .
he tasted like mint but with a hint of spice , sort of like pepper .
besides , i ' m fairly certain that sex was n't on his mind after taking a shot of pepper spray to the face . ''
sex is always on a guy 's mind , pepper spray or not , and he could have used his injury as a motivator for a sympathy screw . ''
` ` i got pepper sprayed last night . ''
` ` how does one accidentally get sprayed in the face with pepper spray ?
june 10th i ' m writing this a day late , but that 's because my eyes were too swollen to see anything last night after the pepper spray incident .
flavors of spicy pepper and robust black cherry burst on my palate .
my eyes slipped closed , savoring the subtle flavors of homemade pasta , black pepper , and crisp bacon .
all i put in was salt and pepper . ''
turning back to olivia , he handed her a small can of pepper spray .
she put the pepper spray in her pocket before heading off on her run .
` ` fine , '' she spat out , dramatically grabbing the can of pepper spray out of her pocket .
plus , she had the pepper spray that carter had given her clutched in her hand so she did n't feel threatened .
it was loaded down with scrambled eggs , crispy bacon , toast perfectly buttered , and a big heap of shredded hash browns with tons of salt and pepper .
there was a glass of orange juice , a covered plate , some assorted hot tea packets with a small ceramic tea pot , salt and pepper and even a small bottle of ketchup on the tray .
i threw it in because i liked it , like a dash of extra pepper in the stew .
mike studied boffins careworn face , salt and pepper hair , and sea - grey eyes .
mine also had a tube of pepper spray attached with a cord .
this is pepper spray .
i recommend attaching your pepper spray to your helmet .
my pepper spray was supposed to be accurate and effective up to ten feetthat was bullshit .
' i always add the salt and pepper as the eggs cook , not afterwards . '
staring into the bathroom mirror , his fingertips brushed through a buzz cut of salt and pepper hair and across the sandpaper stubble of his cheeks .
standing in the doorway and watching the scene was a salt and pepper haired john , with maya standing behind him peeking over his shoulder .
we start with freshly squeezed orange juice , then have bacon and eggs with beans , garnished with a sprig of parsley from my herb garden and lashings of black pepper , ground chunky .
simple but delicious , with a little mint sauce on the side and butter , black pepper and a sprig of parsley on the potatoes , which taste nutty from being cooked in the embers .
you wo nt be laughing when they re sprinkling salt and pepper on your cooked rumps !
when no one was looking , he pointed a finger and slid his salt and pepper shakers in an arc to the other side of the table .
he had a salt and pepper receding hair line , too many wrinkles for his age , and dark , distrusting eyes .
we used a lot of salt and pepper with it .
we used the last of our salt and pepper , which does make eating their food more of a challenge .
the ebens do n't have anything similar to salt and pepper .
he said it with an air of almost gleeful anticipation and took a quick slug from his diet dr . pepper before setting the can on the table and standing with his hands on his hips .
one of the soldiers with salt and pepper hair spoke up while scrutinizing stowiks features , incredible .
his salt and pepper gray hair and grizzled beard reinforced his statement of combat prowess .
michael had a can of long - unused pepper spray and judgement that had n't been called upon for so long it had probably rusted over .
the smell of the eggs , doused with pepper and salt made his mouth water and his stomach cramp .
i grabbed some potatoes from my pantry , cut them into small cubes , scattered them in a cast iron skillet , drizzled them with olive oil , sprinkled some salt and pepper , and popped them in the oven to roast until browned .
the flavor exploded in my mouth , fruity raspberry mixed with white pepper .
you stand half asleep behind the counter in subway ; as lifeless as a doll you wait for the customer to make up her mind about whether she wants pepper jack or provolone on her sandwich .
i want pepper jack .
you start to put on provolone by accident , and then ask if she wants bell pepper and onions with that .
did i say provolone or did i say pepper jack ?
his stern features were softened by the lush salt and pepper beard that stood out at angles from his jowls .
his hair was grey , his salt and pepper beard wispy , and he walked with a decided limp .
in the chair sat a very short , extremely thickset man , with , at that moment , a solemn and mirthless expression ; he sighed deeply and pulled at an extraordinarily long salt and pepper beard .
there were extra cheese pizzas , and pepperoni pizzas , sausage , green pepper , and onion pizzas , and meatball pizzas .
brad shook his head , then said , well what if you cooked a big hunk of venison covered in pepper , and you cooked some corn on the same spit right beside it ?
i told her it was awful sweet of her to say , but that i would nt mind at all if she wanted to walk with her pepper spray out anyway .
dumb bet is all , scott said as he bent down and grabbed a dr . pepper out of the fridge .
he reclined on a pair of pillows and sipped his dr . pepper like it was hot ( to make jen laugh of course , and she giggled at this ) .
its true , you ll really be surprised , scott replied as he sucked on a dr . pepper pop .
for the rest of this lesson , i levitate , snap , and motivate ( all technical terms most of you know , by now ) more magazines , the pepper shaker along with the salt shaker ( two objects ; advanced work ) , my footstool , then the piano bench .
the soup was speckled with pepper and slices of green vegetable .
spices flavored the wind , carrying hints of curry and pepper .
his hair was salt and pepper , mostly salt , and slicked backwards .
through it all , dirk has been right there beside me , even when i told him a few months ago that i wanted to seek out the flaming sword so that i could finally become a crime fighter with more power at my disposal than a can of pepper spray and a taser .
down on the ground the monster was wallowing like a dog with pepper in its eyes .
wiry salt and pepper hair fell down to his shoulders .
his head was covered by a muslin cap , from which long , curly , salt and pepper locks escaped .
a bit of skull was visible , as well as a tangle of recognizable salt and pepper hair .
they sat in the main room , the knives and guns out on the table like salt and pepper .
i did what they call sauting it , in a frying pan with a little bacon and some red pepper .
his salt and pepper hair and goatee were neatly trimmed and his suit seemed to be made of the finest brocade .
the black pepper was still good though , the whole peppercorns seemed to last longer than dried herbs .
i exclaimed before reaching into my bag and rooting around for the other item i constantly kept on me : my pepper spray .
why would i have reached for pepper spray when i had a weapon that would end the current shenanigans in a more severely final way ?
beside the alarm clock was my canister of pepper spray and cellphone .
i turned , holding the pepper spray up in front of my face , and steadied my hand .
the pepper spray was still firmly grasped in my hand but i would not stop to use it .
all i had was my pepper spray and my cellphone .
i needed to act defensively ; after whipping around , i emptied my can of pepper spray blindly in the direction from which i had heard his unwelcome voice .
if i were a rapist , he walked out from behind the wall , and i threw the can of pepper spray at him in frustration and above all else , in resignation .
every street looked the same mile after mile : wide with palm and pepper trees and small houses , convenience stores , laundries , liquor stores and other miscellaneous structures .
tya replied into his lips as she kissed him again , then dragged her fingers through his thick salt and pepper beard and down his chest .
running a hand over his non - reg , salt and pepper stubble , he listened to the click and ping of the cooling voidskipper shell mixing with a buzzing undertone that he could nt immediately identify .
this one could be jayne , he said holding up the all white female , and this one pepper .
the small one was pepper , the warm one jayne and the cold one hawkins .
tuck nodded and scratched pepper behind the ears .
jayne , hawkins and pepper .
the other two , jayne and pepper , wandered over and sniffed around me .
he asked , pepper playfully growling like a bug as tuck wiggled his fingers at her paws , the puppy lying on its back and pawing at them .
on a day that was bright , sunny and warm for december , sadie walked out of the woods with hawkins , jayne and pepper in tow behind her .
hawkins , jayne and pepper brightened our moods for a bit , but we would soon fall back into the grayness and eventually i would say i had to get home .
pepper was still the most curious of the three and she would wander off chasing some bug or sniffing some plant .
she picked pepper up and let her lick her face .
she paused for a second and played with pepper some more .
she started to laugh as pepper licked her face , the image in the puppys mind one of simple trust and loyalty .
she put pepper down and opened the door to her house , disappearing inside as an emptiness settled over me that i could nt quite get past .
avril came up with pepper and the puppy jumped in my lap and licked me all over .
if it were nt for school , pepper would be at her heel all day .
i turned and saw avril and pepper coming up the street .
hawkins , jayne and pepper did the same .
i jumped up and signaled to hawkins , jayne and pepper and they all bounded after me to the door .
they ran out the door , pepper chasing hawkins tail , and i shut it after them .
i walked avril and pepper home and we joked about her being my personal assistant and massage therapist .
when avril came over with pepper , i told her about george in my dream and she took my hand in hers and asked what we should do .
joey or i carried her wherever she needed to be and she sat a lot in front of the window with pepper in her lap .
i was about to tell avril that pepper was getting big when a tickling started up in the back of my head .
we just stared at it for a while , pepper and hawkins sniffing around the mounds of dirt .
i asked , kneeling next to pepper , touching her bloodied fur , causing her to lick my hand .
the frequency increased and pepper started to whine .
sadie wagged her tail and pepper and hawkins jumped in his lap .
chloe went back to cut her pepper .
chloe abandoned her pepper and ran upstairs to her room , where her heart that was nt there anymore broke into yet another shard .
cops just carried pepper spray and stun guns .
so this roman , french and german salad , liberally sprinkled with scandinavian pepper and other dressings , is what the brits are .
` ` one headlight '' - the wallflowers ` ` you oughta know '' - alanis morissette ` ` all star '' - smash mouth ` ` how you remind me '' - nickelback ` ` get the party started '' - pink ` ` just a ride '' - jem ` ` seven nation army '' - the white stripes ` ` dani california '' - red hot chili peppers ` ` paralyzer '' - finger eleven ` ` kryptonite '' - 3 doors down ` ` only wan na be with you '' - hootie and the blowfish ` ` hold my hand '' - hootie and the blowfish 3_epigraph.end 3.start if i wanted to understand our intermittently explosive pyromaniac , i needed to understand what was common between him , myself , john and abby .
did your mom put a pepper in your waffle batter ? ''
his dark hair is interrupted by grey near his temples , and a few days of salt and pepper stubble cover his chin and cheeks .
its distilled from barley and mixed with a cinnamon and pepper derivatives .
she could see jacy standing against a barre bar on one wall , speaking with another woman in her sixties with her salt and pepper hair swept up into a tight bun .
when the window came down it revealed a fatherly looking man in his early fifties , with salt and pepper sideburns dropping down from the brim of his hat .
sarah did n't answer , but picked up the pot roast from the pantry , added a few fresh herbs and a little pepper and placed it in the oven .
check out the hot pepper patch , your beast has no taste buds !
i sprayed them with pepper spray !
ben , i m sure it was them pretty sure ... oh gosh , did i just spray two random men in the face with pepper spray ?
jalal , a broad shouldered salt and pepper haired priest in well polished but battle worn steel armor , stepped inside with a courteous bow .
sitting at the rear of the shop , behind a desk surrounded by a translucent silk netting was a dark robed and cloaked man with an angular face , strange silvery grey eyes , and a closely trimmed salt and pepper beard .
all pondered on the new social dynamic , except spiritwind who could n't decide if he 'd added too much pepper to the bacon .
none of them wanted to run the risk of damaging the fairy by moving the book more than necessary , even if that meant eating each meal from now on with the fables of garden fauna where the pepper and mustard used to stand .
i hid behind the building while i debated whether to continue towards the grocery store to pick up some sweet peppers or head back to my apartment and hide .
his well - groomed , salt and pepper beard hid any amusement his lips may have shown .
buel imul , the clan elder that got them released from jail , had a salt and pepper beard and dark hair .
suella had always assumed that the nickname came from the mans salt and pepper hair , yet he was mostly bald when he took off his baseball cap .
jillian checked in at the desk up front , where a pleasantly matronly woman with salt and pepper hair gushed and sighed and opened her arms for a hug from her .
with the faintly familiar cold pinch at the top of his spine , muna served as his vessel through the pepper bed .
instead , philip bought an alcohol lamp , a bottle of wood - alcohol , a saucepan , a dish , a soup - plate , a teaspoon , a fork , a knife , a soup - spoon , a dish - towel , washing - up liquid , salt , pepper , a large bottle of mineral water , half a dozen eggs , four slices of ham , a baguette , two apples , two oranges , two dusty cans of campbell 's soup , ( cream of mushroom and asparagus - tips ) and an inefficient - looking can - opener .
he sat there , happy as larry surrounded by books , ornaments , the salt and pepper grinders , the remote controls and whatever other small object had caught his eye , like a kid in a lolly shop , wondering which thing to gum to death next .
' jeff ' was obese , had a vodka - induced red face , and sported a salt and pepper crew - cut : president medved , of the russian federation .
ash and holiday cut into their steaks as frank laid out some butter , sour cream , and salt and pepper for the potatoes .
he gave his oval , pale face a reassuring smile as he brushed fingers through unruly clumps of thick hair into smooth , salt and pepper waves .
dastou dipped a fork into his stew , stuck a piece of enta beef and a leaf of thick green gannas pepper to the utensil , and stirred the combination in the bowl for a few seconds .
the pepper had to be burned to a crisp on the outside , allowed to sit for three hours , and then shelled like a peanut before being thrown into the crockpot for maximum effect .
he was fit , with salt and pepper short - cropped hair , pale skin , a good shave , and traditionally handsome features .
hare dare this salt and pepper son of a bitch use her name .
the woman recoils in her chair as if i ' ve unleashed a can of pepper spray at her , and commences fanning the air before her face with her hand .
he ran for the cayenne pepper .
they worked quickly , dumping half the salt and a quarter of the pepper into the soup .
he d chosen cayenne because specks of black pepper would ve been too noticeable in the golden soup .
lexa hustled over and put the salt and pepper away .
one of my guests went into anaphylactic shock because she s allergic to cayenne pepper .
the worst thing about moving to another planet is tasting black pepper twenty - four seven .
its not really black pepper you taste in the air but humans can taste a harmless invisible parasite called the potent .
julia said , ` ` now swipe your card and give me the sizzling special , rare with the garlic rub not the red pepper , no cheese on my mashed potatoes and no salt , add a salad with eggs instead of bacon , hold the cheese crumbles and give me a shirley temple with extra cherries but put it in a fishbowl glass . ''
i prefer salt and pepper hair .
she picked up her knife and fork , and , oh so daintily tasted the omelet , then put pepper and salt on it .
jo sprinkled cheese over the top , and he put salt and pepper on the eggs .
next to her stood an older man , mid - forties , whose hair reminded mike of a picture of einstein , though the hair was shorter , salt and pepper .
he applied salt and pepper liberally , and used a piece of toast to dip into the yolk .
concealed in the smugglers hold however , was two hundred pounds of pepper .
wix could not figure it out , but hadrian turned the pepper into flour .
mr . howe said as he ran inside the warehouse , where wix and his two marines were unloading the pepper from the wagon .
she went back to the kitchen , fumbled in her purse , found her pepper spray .
gripping the pepper spray , she moved back to the kitchen , turning off the light there , then past the bedroom to the back door .
near the stack of salts and peppers at my elbow , there was a display explaining how you could get prints of the western landscape series for your very own .
just a hint of pepper , did n't you think ? ''
amy was enthusiastic about finger painting , and after they mixed cayenne pepper with the pigments , she stopped licking her fingers .
the pepper spray was n't .
she found the pepper spray and took it , along with my wallet .
the pepper spray was , though .
i shouted a panicked battle cry and gave her the pepper spray full in the face , right into both sets of eyes .
he took a long swallow of dr pepper .
jabba sprayed dr pepper all over his calzone .
becker fought to ignore the waning sting of the pepper in his eyes .
none of the muhammadans can enter turkish country until one of the oguz agrees to become his host , with whom he stays and for whom he brings garments from the land of islam , and for his wife some pepper , millet , raisins , and nuts .
we gave to tarhan as a garment of honor two caftans from merv and also pepper , millet , and some sheets of bread .
it was like being in a room full of giant pepper mills , he thought .
` ` like putting pepper sauce on a child 's thumb to keep them from sucking it ? ''
just as he reached for her , she got her finger on the button and sprayed pepper in his face .
before she 'd arrived , i 'd already consumed a pepper steak to calm my nerves .
you should try the pepper steak . ''
he hovered over us , grinding pepper onto lace 's pasta and pouring me more water .
said rebecky , sliding a plate of pepper steak in front of me .
lace pointed at my pepper steak .
` ` pepper steak ? ''
i started in ravenously on my own pepper steak .
when you ordered that pepper steak ! ''
what 's pepper steak got to do with this ? ''
he immediately ground pepper all over it .
just needs a little pepper . ''
` ` and it does not need pepper . ''
` ` i already put in pepper . ''
then i head to the galley , where i intend to eat a big plate of pasta , new venice style , which means lots of s - cheese and red pepper .
might as well be eating stones powdered with pepper ! ''
something tickled his nose , a faint odor o ... . pepper ?
there were two groups behind his , and scattered through the whole raggle - taggle column like pepper through salt were the loners .
she had looked prim in her tailored silk suit and ruffled white blouse , her salt and pepper gray hair in a neat twist on the back of her head , her mouth neatly colored with pale pink lipstick .
the food was highly spiced and very delicious , the soup being a seafood stew filled with much pepper , and the meats being garnished with fried yams and fried bananas and much rice and beans and other delicious things .
` ` it 's like being inside a pepper mill , '' marek said .
` ` time for pepper young 's family , '' the announcer said , and organ music gurgled .
the sugar bowl and the salt and pepper went flying .
there was a note on the kitchen table , propped up against the salt and pepper shakers .
on a raised stand to the right of the doors leading into the dining area , four grinning guitarists in tati jackets and sombreros were playing something that sounded like a waltz with pepper on it .
one of them sneezed from the action of the frantically speaking pepper guns , but they had only to beat their wings a little more to get away from the pepper , hauling the ship along while they did it .
one of them sneezed from the action of the frantically speaking pepper guns , but they had only to beat their wings a little more to get away from the pepper , hauling the ship along while they did it .
but the french warships were firing regularly into the air above the flotilla : something like pepper , in vaster quantities than could have been afforded of spice , and burning .
when he had put the portrait back with equal care , and listened to a long story about one of the wars in which gentius had fought - something with the prussians , where pepper guns had been invented : very unpleasant things , especially when one had not been expecting them at all - then gentius was quite ready to be sympathetic , and to shake his head censoriously over requiescat 's behavior .
perscitia had suggested the notion , as they had no bombs , ` ` especially if you can get some tents pulled up , and drop them on the pepper guns , '' she had said , and it answered remarkably well - most of the tents bundled up as they dropped , but one luckily unfurled and floated down in a heap atop a company of infantry trying to aim the long - barreled pepper guns , the bayonets poking out of it and making them only worse entangled .
perscitia had suggested the notion , as they had no bombs , ` ` especially if you can get some tents pulled up , and drop them on the pepper guns , '' she had said , and it answered remarkably well - most of the tents bundled up as they dropped , but one luckily unfurled and floated down in a heap atop a company of infantry trying to aim the long - barreled pepper guns , the bayonets poking out of it and making them only worse entangled .
` ` there goes a gun , '' majestatis said laconically , pointing with his long talons : the french had managed to pull round one of their cannon the right way , despite the confusion , and a dozen men aiming pepper guns were standing with it .
and they paid for it : the cannon fired , canister shot ; the pepper guns spat , and a general shriek went up from the anglewings as the balls scattered over them .
temeraire went for the anglewings , bulling them along and up again , and nudging a shoulder under velocitas , who had gotten worst - hit , a pepper ball right in the face .
it disregarded all established wisdom about modern warfare , which held that a properly organized force of cavalry and infantry together , supported by pepper guns and artillery , could repel virtually any dragon attack .
requiescat was still talking , and perscitia going on about pepper , but temeraire did not perfectly understand either of them ; the words did not seem to want to make sense .
` ` pepper , put in pepper , '' another dragon said , craning her head over ; she was a middle - weight , yellowish striped with gray , some kind of cross - breed .
` ` pepper , put in pepper , '' another dragon said , craning her head over ; she was a middle - weight , yellowish striped with gray , some kind of cross - breed .
` ` and canvas , we must have a lot of canvas - ` ` ` ` oh , very well , pepper , '' temeraire said , and continuing his list of requests added , i should very much like keynes to come here , and also gong su , and emily roland , who has my talon - sheaths , and the rest of my crew ; and also we need some surgeons for the wounded men .
the french had not made any more convenient mistakes , so it was all quick darting strikes whenever an opening could be seized , to get past the pepper guns and the rifles and do a little damage .
weedon was visible aloft from a long way : the walls of the depot were built of thick grey blocks of granite , with tall narrow turrets at each corner reaching far into the air , bristling with pepper guns .
by mid - day , they were driven farther aloft : the french had established an artillery emplacement at the center , despite all the british artillery could do against them , with a shield of pepper guns and several of the cannon elevated to strike at any dragon dipping low .
` ` liquor , '' perscitia said , getting back her breath , as other dragons came and took more of the bundles from her , ` ` and also some tar , i think ; and there is some pepper on them , too , so do not sniff them .
why , you ' ve taught it , '' said crawcrustle , and he doused a lump of smoking charcoal with hot pepper sauce before popping it in his mouth and chomping it down .
commit .. adultery pulsifer ( a witchfinder ) agnes nutter ( a prophetess ) newton pulsifer ( wages clerk and witchfinder private ) anathema device ( practical occultist and professional descendant ) shadwell ( witchfinder sergeant ) madame tracy ( painted jezebel [ mornings only , thursdays by arrangement ] and medium ) sister mary loquacious ( a satanic nun of the chattering order of st . beryl ) mr . young ( a father ) mr . tyler ( a chairman of a residents ' association ) a delivery man them adam ( an antichrist ) pepper ( a girl ) wensleydale ( a boy ) brian ( a boy ) full chorus of tibetans , aliens , americans , atlanteans and other rare and strange creatures of the last days .
` ` oh , shut up , '' said pepper .
( six months later , sick of the rain , the mosquitoes , the men , the tent .. trampling sheep who ate first the whole commune 's marijuana crop and then its antique minibus , and by now beginning to glimpse why almost the entire drive of human history has been an attempt to get as far away from nature as possible , pepper 's mother returned to pepper 's surprised grandparents in tadfield , bought a bra , and enrolled in a sociology course with a deep sigh of relief . )
the them were together from then on , and pepper was pepper forever , except to her mother , and ( when they were feeling especially courageous , and the them were almost out of earshot ) greasy johnson and the johnsonites , the village 's only other gang .
the them were together from then on , and pepper was pepper forever , except to her mother , and ( when they were feeling especially courageous , and the them were almost out of earshot ) greasy johnson and the johnsonites , the village 's only other gang .
` ` huh , '' said pepper .
` ` ca n't see picky setting fire to anyone , '' said pepper .
` ` not actually setting them on actual fire , '' sniffed pepper .
` ` neighborhood witch , '' said pepper .
` ` they could be french , '' said pepper doggedly .
for once , pepper did n't push it .
so was pepper 's , although even under the most refined of tortures she still would n't admit to the fact that she also bought just seventeen under plain covers .
the one that looked like a pepper pot just skidded down it , and fell over at the bottom .
` ` anyway , '' said pepper .
` ` because they 'd be able to go everywhere , '' pepper went on , giving him a worried look .
` ` well , i dunno about we , '' pepper tried .
they do n't fight back , and there 's no taste to 'em ... wensleydale , brian , and pepper were not thinking quite so coherently .
` ` pepper 's right , '' said wensleydale .
` ` nearly always , '' said adam , ` ` an ' .. ` ` ` ` more than half , anyway , '' said pepper .
you could always tell pepper 's bike .
` ` that 's right , '' said pepper nervously .
` ` pepper was just looking at you .
then pepper said , ` ` no , it is n't .
they were being served their dinner in temeraire 's courtyard : a truly splendid dinner , of stewed oxheads and bowls of live eels , seasoned expertly with pepper and vinegar , which unfortunately maximus did not seem to much enjoy , nor immortalis and messoria ; they poked a little anxiously at the squirming masses and then nudged the bowls aside , although they were pleased enough with the oxheads , so tender the meat fell off the bones and with the skull cracked open so one might take them into one 's mouth and suck upon them for the excellent brains .
then he pulls a can of pepper spray from the gym bag .
matt 's moist palm rested on his holstered canister of pepper spray .
he carried a bear whistle around his neck and pepper spray at his belt .
while matt did not fear the yearling cub - a blast of pepper spray would surely stop it in its tracks - its mother 's response was a different matter .
the pepper spray would be no more than a tenderizing seasoning when her pile - driver strength pounded down on him .
he shrugged his rifle into one hand and unholstered his pepper spray .
he jammed the can of pepper spray into its holster and snatched a jelly jar full of blood lure from the side of his backpack .
he yanked free the holstered can of pepper spray and thumbed the safety cap off .
the bear spray was ten times more potent than that used in law enforcement , a combination of pepper and tear gas .
bathing in pepper grass to soak away aches .
he moved it over to a pile of material that looked like coarse ground pepper .
and when dried , it can aerosolize with the burning force of pepper spray . ''
striding forward , the newcomer had apparently come dressed for a garden party , dapperly attired in a loose - fitting white linen suit with a matching cane , his salt - and - pepper hair cut rakishly long to the collar .
the president ran a hand through his salt - and - pepper hair , then rubbed the palm over the rough stubble on his chin .
` ` somebody pass me that pepper , wouldja ? ''
keeping his voice neutral and professional , he said , ` ` naomi , can you pass the pepper ? ''
` ` maybe i should keep these ... '' a small , unkempt - looking man with salt - and - pepper hair , chinese features , and a week 's growth of beard walked up to them and nodded nervously .
the ginger and pepper burned her lips , her throat , her tongue , and she took another bite , welcoming the pain .
han accepted the rough paper with its load of egg and pepper .
my wife planted an herb garden , some flowers , a few hot pepper plants .
ethan said , ` ` there 's probably a note in that pepper . ''
` ` so the bell pepper , the secret notes , alyssa 's investigation ... '' ` ` all for show .
his astute face was lined in places but not overly wrinkled , with a wide mouth , a longish nose , and salt - and - pepper eyebrows .
a sharp smell , like petrol mixed with pepper .
i avoided looking at pepper , who stood by , attempting not to giggle .
once in my chamber , i rang for pepper , hoping she 'd returned from her afternoon walk with her beau , chumly .
` ` i ' m going to need more than stakes tonight , pepper .
over my bodice , i wore a large silver cross on a chain , and pepper had also pinned two more in my hair .
` ` dis is pepper spray , '' said bodo , holding up a cannister .
` ` there 's tear gas or smoke bombs , i ' m not sure which , pepper spray , pistols , rifles , you name it .
` ` more pepper , '' he said .
he was purging lord arryn with wasting potions and pepper juice , and i feared he might kill him . ''
fat sausages sizzled and spit over firepits , spicing the air with the scents of garlic and pepper .
as irri and jhiqui helped her from her litter , she sniffed , and recognized the sharp odors of garlic and pepper , scents that reminded dany of days long gone in the alleys of tyrosh and myr and brought a fond smile to her face .
he 'd been drinking it heavily these past three days ; when it was not poppy wine , it was fermented mare 's milk or pepper beer .
serving boy , clever , but one day he got seen filching pepper from m'lord 's table .
just a pinch o ' pepper , but ser malcolm was a hard man .
lync loved that pepper . ''
minced lamb with pepper and roasted gull stuffed with mushrooms and fennel and onion .
i have pepper , woven leathers , a bolt of myrish lace , mirrors for milady , a pair of oldtown woodharps sweet as any you ever heard . ''
as they passed the long stone quays reserved for the ships of the thirteen , she saw chests of saffron , frankincense , and pepper being off - loaded from xaro 's ornate vermillion kiss .
lady sybell 's grandfather was a trader in saffron and pepper , almost as lowborn as that smuggler stannis keeps .
jars of saffron , jars of myrrh , jars of pepper and curry and cardamom , an onyx mask , twelve jade monkeys , casks of ink in red and black and green , a box of rare black amethysts , a box of pearls , a cask of pitted olives stuffed with maggots , a dozen casks of pickled cave fish , a great brass gong and a hammer to beat it with , seventeen ivory eyes , and a huge chest full of books written in tongues that dany could not read .
the rat cook had cooked the son of the andal king in a big pie with onions , carrots , mushrooms , lots of pepper and salt , a rasher of bacon , and a dark red dornish wine .
fiery peppers and strange spices heat the blood , she can not help herself .
` ` the boy needs a bit of seasoning , that 's all , '' his father had told lord redwyne that night , but redwyne 's fool rattled his rattle and replied , ` ` aye , a pinch of pepper , a few nice cloves , and an apple in his mouth . ''
there 's pepper too . ''
` ` cracked black pepper from volantis , nothing finer .
it tasted of honey , of new - fallen snow , of pepper and cinnamon and the last kiss his mother ever gave him .
he ate little , hotah observed : a spoon of soup , a bite of the pepper , the leg off a capon , some fish .
she broke her fast on sardines , fried crisp in pepper oil and served so hot they burned her fingers .
she mopped up the leftover oil with a chunk of bread torn off the end of umma 's morning loaf and washed it all down with a cup of watered wine , savoring the tastes and the smells , the rough feel of the crust beneath her fingers , the slickness of the oil , the sting of the hot pepper when it got into the half - healed scrape on the back of the hand .
very tall and very thin , the lord of raventree had a hook nose , long hair , and a ragged salt - and - pepper beard that showed more salt than pepper .
very tall and very thin , the lord of raventree had a hook nose , long hair , and a ragged salt - and - pepper beard that showed more salt than pepper .
the air was redolent with the scents of saffron , cinnamon , cloves , pepper , and other costly spices .
mom steps in from the kitchen with the salt and pepper shakers .
i filled the salt and pepper shakers on the long counter , the last of my closing outs for the night .
ill see you in 14 - minutes and 30 - seconds , starra , ming shuts down the transmission from his side as my salt and pepper hair stands upright from neck muscles like a fighting alley cat , then i execute grandmas quick mediation lesson , flooding my mind to calm the panic and fear .
i remove my white cap , letting my smelly long salt and pepper hair drape down my wet back , staring with intense eyeballs at my uninvited guest then recognize with my neurons the un - familiar logo on his black wool jacket .
i shake my bangs of salt and pepper hair falling within my eyeballs and follow obediently the flying globe to my assigned suite on the fourth floor .
i intercept his thrust stopping his motion with my two - fisted sword as our blades grind like a pepper shaker .
i feel lonely , isolated , and scare with no fresh air breeze brushing my mostly salt and less pepper hair across my waist .
my more salt and less pepper colored patterned shoulder - length hair is pulled back into a tight bun at the nape of my neck with a pair of matching diamond earrings that droop and dangle painfully at my earlobes .
i see king bartholomew , so handsome , on his magnificent appalachian stallion boe , wearing a silly emerald - jeweled crown on top of his salt and pepper hair , while donning a satin flowing dark green cape from a set of emerald gem clips shimmering at his collar bones .
ash deeply moans like he stepped his cowboy boots in a high pile of fresh green cow patties surrounded with black horse flies then josh shrugs his shoulders , once shaking his blonde buzz cut sideways then brotherly swaps his un - opened drink for the mountain dew since the soda tally only includes one dr . pepper beverage .
this is the ghostface pepper , he said .
like what happened to this pepper .
he waved the pepper back and forth by the stem .
newton reached for the pepper with a trembling hand .
the pepper bushed against his lips , and his reaction was instantaneous : his pupils dilated and his face went flush .
his main qualification seemed to be that he looked like a generalat least hollywoods version of one ; blunt , wooden features carved into an emotionless mask and crowned by a salt and pepper fro .
the saltcellar and the pepper pot should stand together on the right side of the jar with compote .
he did nt have to walk far before i heard him ordering a dr . pepper for lucy .
he drove while i stuffed pizza boxes and dr . pepper cans into a trash bag , the calling card of any night casper spent in my car .
she suddenly remembered shed left her pepper spray behind , and she regretted that .
the least shed get from that forced marriage would be a small house with a nice view in a neighborhood where she did nt need to barricade her windows at night and sleep with pepper spray under her pillow .
the door opened and a middle aged man with salt and pepper hair sauntered into the conference room .
a distinguished man wearing a black and silver mask that perfectly matched his salt and pepper hair strode up to them .
before she could answer , darren returned with a dr . pepper in hand .
can i , um , have a dr . pepper ?
he is finely dressed in flowing golden robes and sitting on top of his salt and pepper hair is a circlet of gold .
taking stock of the man kol notes that he is about six foot tall with salt and pepper hair , his eyes are blue and he has a very skinny build making him look like he has nt eaten in a long time .
he sprinkled the fish with salt and pepper .
lotes hair was salt and pepper and cropped short around her ears and neck .
when i walked in the office holden himself greeted me , he was an older man with salt and pepper hair , he had a grace and kindness about him that had me trusting him instantly .
his salt and pepper hair is plastered to his head with sweat and his usually vibrant green eyes show telltale signs of heat exhaustion .
the room looks to be the eating quarters due to the small salt and pepper shakers scattered about .
as i was getting ready to leave i remembered the can of pepper spray i had noticed in the office during my search .
i went back into the office , pulled out the can of pepper spray , and put it in my coat pocket .
i had put on my jacket , the pepper spray in the pocket , and begun the walk toward town .
chapter nine i slid my hand into my jacket pocket and touched the bottle of pepper spray , reassuring myself that i had a form of self - defense .
the cab was stuffy and though i wanted to shed the jacket , i was worried that that would make the pepper spray harder to get to .
finally , i slid my jacket off and stuffed it in the space between me and the door , positioning it so that it would nt be too difficult to grab the pepper spray if the need arose .
he was an older man in his fifties with salt and pepper hair .
i know the location of the secret base , confessing my half - secret then chew the delicious green beans with a touch of black pepper .
i reach for the pepper , clearing my throat as i load it on .
he runs his hands through his somewhat thinning , salt and pepper hair .
it poured out of her mouth like a combination of molasses and ghost peppers , both sticky sweet and mean as fire .
then she looks down the hall and sees the salt and pepper twins .
when i found salt and pepper abandoned near the train tracks in marysville , mom told me that two kittens in the house were enough and my older cats had to go to the barn because the newest ones needed to be bottle - fed every couple hours .
he looked through the peephole and saw the ruddy face , salt and pepper stubble , and slicked back silver hair of the landlord .
everything about it smacked of melody - the deep pink curtains on the bedroom window , the matching duvet , the stuffed elephant on her side of the bed ; the salt and pepper shakers in the kitchen in the shapes of cartoon characters that were nostalgic of a childhood he had never shared ; the flower - patterned sofa in the lounge ; the plant pots in the window - none of it was him .
i do n't like spicy food , so i kept an eye out for telltale chili pepper icons .
ballders came back to the table with two small wooden boxes containing pepper and salt and offered them to everyone .
i m thinking i will start you out on dr . pepper and rum .
once there , he remembered he had a baggie of deer venison in the front pocket of his bibs , his own special recipe with lots of pepper .
he d found himself saying thank you , cheers and sorry every two minutes as the waiting staff brought an endless succession of glasses , bottles , black pepper , parmesan and their meals to the table .
a man in his forties or fifties with salt and pepper hair , a five o ' clock shadow and crinkly gray eyes , wearing a plain black t - shirt and faded jeans covered with what looked like oil marks , stood on the doorstep .
she looks like my papa , although most of his hair has turned to salt and pepper on the top and steel gray around the sides .
bol raised one eyebrow suspiciously and spoke through his finely braided , salt and pepper colored beard , actually , cadmus are we that familiar ?
sitting at luisa 's left was a werebear with salt and pepper hair , just like his fur .
he refused to answer viktor 's question of how they imported goods from such a distance and shooed him out the door , cramming the ginseng roots and black shriveled peppers into his bag .
romulus faced even worse : a pepper poppera blast that sprayed black pepper seedshad such a wide range that after throwing one too short , he had to lie in snow for an hour just to make the burning in his face bearable .
down another hall they went , throwing everything they had , from pepper poppers to bur bombs , even beehives .
i m guessing that he is somewhere in his late thirties , maybe early forties , because he had salt and pepper hair .
she pulled out her pepper spray , and shot a stream of it directly into the mans eyes .
i cut it up , grabbed a dr . pepper from the fridge , and sat down on the living room couch .
does everyone still have the pepper spray i gave them ? ''
celia 's hand edged its way to the back pocket of her shorts where she 'd concealed the small canister of pepper spray .
link suddenly remembered the pepper spray his father had given him .
careful not to press the release on the pepper spray , he vigorously rubbed his arms .
though link knew he was being ridiculous , it did n't stop him from nearly strangling the pepper spray in his hand .
he lifted the canister of pepper spray and aimed it at max 's face .
just as i thought that , a stately man i say stately because he was an imposing feller with salt and pepper hair and chiseled good looks .
penny felt a strange wistfulness calling to her , as from a popular song on the radio heard while driving home in one 's car late at night or from someone about to walk in a room one would fall in love with forevershe sailed on a crest of emotion that lifted her on angel wings : a sugar shaker with an aluminum lid and square flippity - floppity nozzle , a black plastic ash tray , some glass salt and pepper shakers with aluminum tops , and a greenish formica counter top in imitation of colored marblethese were all objects that told her she was turtle tough rather than meek as a snail , but she felt like crying outshe was 26 , the world could be a better place !
my words came out muffled due to the cold sausage and pepper pizza i was wolfing down .
usually i would have brought my backpack with water , first aid kit , and pepper spray if we were going any sort of distance , but i guess my mind had been too occupied to remember when we left my house .
she pulled out a canister of pepper spray , holding it up for jasons approval .
allison whipped her hand up holding the pepper spray .
so apparently pepper spray did have some effect on werewolves , just not as much of an effect as we d hoped .
allison had traded in her not so effective pepper spray for a baseball bat we had found in my garage , though that probably would nt do her much good either .
or he would fetch you your supper , but not before adding so much pepper to your stew that you would be sneezing for days !
on one hand , peter had dreamt of being a real scientist ever since he was four years old , when his dad explained how gravity worked using salt and pepper shakers to represent celestial bodies .
the man with the salt and pepper hair and goatee glanced at isdemus and said discreetly , do nt you think we should tell him ?
i had a big head of broccoli in my hands and was contemplating a healthier broccoli - cheese soup recipe when a hand with perfectly manicured nails holding a huge red pepper appeared in front of my face .
i d been meaning to try an appetizer with the cooking club and roasted red pepper hummus would be a good option .
lexi said she starving , so i offered her some of the roasted red pepper hummus i d made .
hummus can be done lots of ways other than with red pepper , i told everyone after pulling the perfectly roasted peppers out of the oven .
i gave her a quick recap of the ingredientsgarbanzo beans , olive oil , tahini , lemon juice , salt , and red pepper .
salt , pepper , and strawberry jelly were to the side .
he was old , his hair more salt than pepper , wrinkles everywhere , and scruff that made him look like a bum .
it had n't mattered last year when i met lupe in one and afterward gone across the parking lot to buy pepper spray .
once safely hidden from the main road , i reached into my pocket , felt the pepper spray first , then found the flashlight .
no pepper or onion , i continued .
a man with salt and pepper hair and a youthful face stepped in , dressed in black robes .
vicki starts lining up an empty fry box and the salt and pepper shaker .
to say it was joe 's favourite spice , was to say he also liked being pepper - sprayed or getting a finger in the eye or losing a big front tooth .
most of the gear went into josians bag , although the tasers and pepper spray were shared around .
they were sweet , and tasted like fresh pepper .
he was a middle aged man with salt and pepper hair , brown eyes , and a calm demeanor .
eliza returns to the table , smirks , and shakes a generous amount of pepper over tias pizza .
i turn to see a stout older lady with salt and pepper hair watching me with a keen interest .
salt and pepper is all we got , max shrugs .
for the other seasonings , in this case the pepper , well do four shakes .
an incident involving pepper spray and handcuffs shut down the program .
allison rummaged through her purse and pulled out a bottle of pepper spray .
we ca nt have knives at school but carrying around pepper spray when i do nt have my pocket knife makes me feels safer .
katie took the pepper spray .
she would feel so much better with a can of pepper spray in her hand .
i have my trusty pepper spray to defend for me , she said , lifting it out of her purse and holding it up .
sara pulled the pepper spray out of her pocket and took aim , spraying the large figure in the face .
the eyes shed sprayed with pepper spray .
its not acid , its pepper spray .
i m sorry i sprayed you with pepper spray , she said just above a whisper .
keep that pepper spray handy when you re out even in the daylight .
her trusty pepper spray sat ready in her purseon the floor next to her living room couch .
mom is in the same dress she wore to the black and while galalast years fundraiser for the local civil war museum and historical societyand dad is in a charcoal grey suit that almost perfectly matches his salt and pepper hair .
i raced through the drivers side door and began stuffing papers and dr pepper cans and bottles of all shapes , sizes and level of decomposition into a reusable shopping bag i stole from camille .
and its dr pepper , for your information .
her breath , charged with the secret spell trapped in her mouth , released the runes from the cloth like pepper into the air .
let me and my kin sister go and ill remove the pepper from your eyes .
my head is in a rage , thank gods the bell pepper worked !
if by work you mean it did nt blow up in my face , and make my nose hair sprinkle out like ground pepper , then ok , it worked .
in a discreet fashion , i got up and walked over to grab a crushed red pepper shaker from the adjacent table .
regardless , i carried a can of pepper spray .
i picked up my pepper spray and looked around .
i stepped inside and locked the door , making a mental note to start carrying a can of pepper spray with me at all times .
she pulled out a canister of pepper spray as we walked up to the front door .
i reminded myself that i definitely needed to start carrying that pepper spray .
picking up my can of pepper spray , i cautiously ventured outside .
glancing down at the can of pepper spray in my hand , he asked , everything okay ?
i felt relatively safe walking sedona , yet i carried some pepper spray just in case .
knights brow furrowed , the deep lines in his tanned face mirroring the waves in his salt and pepper hair .
you can add more chili pepper to your bowl .
i shook pepper onto my eggs before i answered .
` ` dmitry wears a stun gun on his belt along with his pepper spray . ''
stun gun and pepper spray on his belt .
i do a quick review : dmitry , stun gun , pepper spray , syringe near the medical kit , mrs . crowley .
in a sudden burst , i throw all my weight behind one shoulder and firmly plow into dmitry while using one hand to snatch his pepper spray from under his green scrubs .
i glare at dmitry with the capped syringe in one of my hands and the pepper spray in the other .
i hold up the pepper spray .
i abruptly straighten up and turn around , pointing the pepper spray at her .
when stewart grabs at me , i raise up the pepper spray , point it at him , and spray .
before she picks it up , i jump up onto the counter like a human frog and wave the bottle of pepper spray around like a mad man .
with the pepper spray in the one hand and the syringe in the other , i lean in close to the nurse and hand her the shot .
i push the doctor back , and then toss the empty bottle of pepper spray at him .
i snatch the taser from under his coat , along with his bottle of pepper spray and wave the taser at the nurse .
i put on stewart 's white coat over my willowgate issued pajamas and then place the pepper spray and taser into the jacket 's large pockets .
with both hands in the large pockets of the white doctor jacket , i grip the pepper spray in one hand and stewart 's taser in the other .
i let go of her arm and put both hands in the jacket pockets , gripping the pepper spray and the taser .
chapter fifty i ditch the white jacket , but keep the pepper spray in my left hand and the taser in my right .
i tuck and roll , point the bottle of pepper spray at zeke 's face , and send a stream of hot sauce directly into his face .
doors was in his mid - forties and had salt and pepper hair .
i pulled my pepper spray out and ducked into slippers .
i smiled while i raised the pepper spray .
as i fell , i felt a sharp sting against my wrist above the hand that held the pepper spray .
the gray slacks of the milling guards around me muted into one canvas ; mechanical radio voices initially shrill from excited communications dulled into a low whine ; the scent of pepper in the air grew faint , and the sour taste of my own blood was not enough to keep me aware .
we thought about pepper spray , and decided to bring some , but only as backup , too many risks of getting sprayed ourselves , and from our many experiments , most people panic when they re sprayed and that would make as much noise , if not more , than an actual shootout .
chapter fifteen we checked our gear one last time , poodle had the pepper spray , and i had the cattle prod .
he also said it was nt even tear gas anymore , but real pepper that made the old chemical irritant feel like a cool mist .
the cane gun was another six gs and the pepper canister was three .
zeke went on to explain how to use the pepper bomb .
poodle grabbed the pepper canister , pulled the activation strip and threw it inside the hole as far as he could .
i clapped him on the shoulder and said we were through the wall and the pepper was popped .
i could feel the sting of pepper against my neck where sweat ringed my collar .
the combined smoke layer dropped closer and closer and the pepper teased me with a burn that did nt even come close to what it could be .
pepino , victor , alex , pizza guy , booth man , the four cave men ( one shot dead , the other three from asphyxia- arguably from smoke , but attributed to the concentrated pepper spray ) , limbe , riddled with 9 mm holes in the entryway to his apartment , and lastly poodle .
his hair was salt and pepper with just a hint of retreating brown .
the strong smell of pepper soup mixed with the aroma of fried plantain .
occasionally a bomb would fall from the sky , spewing pepper spray .
babbo must have got the bastards with the pepper spray he kept by his bed .
accompanying them , a handful of mushrooms , a red pepper and two lemons .
into the openings that had been created by the disembowelments , he placed a small knob of butter and a slice of lemon ; seasoning with salt and black pepper .
as the sauce warmed , gently , he chopped the pepper and mushroom , and placed them , with a large knob of butter , into another frying pan .
he then put a hundred dollars toward his weekly rent , bought two packs of cigarettes , a family - sized bag of barbecue potato chips , and a dr . pepper .
james was responsible for its disposal , and he drove off with a dr . pepper in his crotch and music on the radio ; off to help a poor teacher deal with this crisis .
james went to a dunkin donuts to get a cheddar cheese bagel , a blueberry muffin , and a dr . pepper for a late lunch .
they brought in silk and pepper .
he wore an expensive suit without a tie and had a mustache and goatee , with thinning salt and pepper hair , served straight back with some gel .
i d just had a haircut so my salt and pepper hair was very short and the suit was not an expensive one ; it was nt unfathomable that i was some kind of government employee .
there is no police around , no pepper gas , the ground is cleaned , even no gas bottles .
joe ran a hand through his thick salt and pepper hair and smiled .
his hair was salt and pepper , and when he looked at me , a breeze that smelled of woods and greenery filled my senses .
the ruddy salt and pepper guy spoke again .
the salt and pepper haired guy in the tan leathers moved forward .
soft blue eyes in an empathetic , smile wrinkled face , with salt and pepper hair .
a tall broad - shouldered man , he had salt and pepper hair and an officious bearing .
his pepper and salt beard shook .
the only other protection they can offer is to keep themselves between the client and assailant ; not an attractive proposition if the assailant is armed with a snipers rifle and the bodyguard is armed with nothing more potent than pepper spray .
was this pepper spray ?
* * * dee was eagerly tucking into a dish listed as weeping tiger , sirloin beef with a rich north eastern thai sauce on steamed rice , when norrie interrupted his attack on the lamb with black pepper on noodles , to speak in hushed tones .
his ray ban sunglasses were perched on his head amid a sea of wavy medium length salt and pepper hair .
dee turned to page eleven , where she saw a full colour headshot of a handsome american man with salt and pepper hair and george clooney style weathered face .
i subdued their bodyguard with a paralysing spray that causes less discomfort and less long lasting effects that cs spray or pepper spray .
deanna withdrew her pepper spray , keeping it concealed in her hand , and turned to face the older man , who had made up a lot of ground in the few seconds she had been facing the other way .
wordlessly she backed away a step , rummaging in her purse for her pepper spray , but could nt find it .
the man in the leather jacket turned to anne , who was focused on finding her keys and pepper spray inside her purse .
see , i just found my pepper spray , anne said as she sprinted toward her car .
put it in your purse along with your pepper spray .
her cell phone was in there as was her container of pepper spray and her glock .
clutching the container of pepper spray in hand , her body stiffened as she waited for the trunk lid to open .
pointing the pepper spray container at his face , she pressed down on the button as hard as she could .
beatty must have been rushing to tie her up so he could tend to the pepper spray burning his eyes .
he s damn lucky she grabbed the pepper spray instead of her gun .
a green , spinach pasta with shrimp in a heavy cream , lots of milled pepper , garlic , and rich , heart - stopping butter .
the past years of office had taken him from salt and pepper to almost totally grey , though he was sure that the news of the past hours had added a few grey hairs , an extra worry line .
a handmade afghan was on top , with a couple of cracked knickknacks beneathsalt and pepper shaker policemen that i was sure must have belonged to matt ; a crudely carved dolphin with jj and the year1993on the tail .
` ` ginger and pepper . ''
` ` come here pepper . ''
if he sets one foot on this place ginger and pepper will have him for lunch , '' kurt said .
i wondered if he meant he had paid metro what he owed them or he got pepper and ginger to guard the rolls so it would n't be repossessed .
` ` pepper !
this guy was older , mid - forties with swept back salt and pepper hair .
this ` ` shopkeepers '' spice mixture varied from shop to shop and contained a blend of cinnamon , mace flowers , turmeric , nutmeg , coriander , black pepper and more .
a group of injured men lay by a jeep that looked like a pepper pot because of all the bullet holes in it .
diegos face shone pepper red from the effort .
an old electric fan blew a nasty mixture of cayenne pepper and stale sweat around the room ; it nudged at the yellowing corners of strewn papers .
a middle - aged man with salt and pepper hair and glasses said : hi , not sure we ve met .
while she raised a small container of pepper spray and let it loose into his eyes .
poor bastard , they found out he was following them and the woman got him good with pepper spray .
the second man was the one andy got with pepper spray .
ours just had a limp bouquet of fake flowers in a chipped white vase , and a set of salt and pepper shakers in the shape of the old world trade center .
as silas walked past the chips he did consider the salt and pepper chips .
the table in which loretta and elaine sat contained several articles of mail and salt and pepper shakers .
you touch me again , or make any threatening moves and i wo nt hesitate to use my pepper spray , she laid her hand on a canister tucked into her utility belt .
he is a middle aged man with dark , salt and pepper hair , mustache and a strong cleft chin .
one case held knives , brass knuckles , pepper spray and tasers .
the knapps did nt have a proper smoker , so we baked them with a little worcestershire sauce and lemon juice with butter and salt and pepper .
the crewman who stood blocking their escape wore what would have been a neat , crisp white uniform on a man with the right proportions , but as he lacked the square shoulders and the long arms and legs , as he , in fact , had a shape best described as a potato with twig limbs , and a grey , sardonic face with sagging jowls and a salt and pepper hair cut that looked rather like the spines of an aged and balding porcupine .
even carrying pepper spray does nt work when you are out numbered .
just after lunch , a neatly dressed man with a salt and pepper business cut strolled into the cafe , piquing her interest .
it did nt make sense to my natural mind that he d put nutmeg into a sweet drink , but if he pulled out a tube of ketchup and started sprinkling pepper into the mix , i would nt complain about that either ; that s how good his drinks were .
on the other hand , just to keep it all from getting too serious , she also had a collection of kitschy salt and pepper shakers scattered among the booksa dog peeing against a hydrant , a naked babe with spicy boobs .
overwhelming it all were the smells of the kitchen - pungent olive oil and onions and garlic and herbs , black pepper and oregano .
the plastic tray of tabouleh was overly spiced with ground black pepper but otherwise passable and , having secured an aisle seat , i was able to stretch out a little and ease the cramps in my calves .
it was evident that her underprivileged state made her look old.her face was bony ; her hair was salt and pepper colored .
her long salt and pepper colored hair streaming down the sides of her head .
he s a large man with a salt and pepper beard .
if there is a thing that has really some absurdity is veder to blush of anger a ghost , yet italo became really red as a pepper !
the gentlemens hair was short cropped and salt and pepper in color .
the waiter came back and they immediately placed an order for some angel hair primavera , sausage and pepper penne with garlic bread .
the lady will have the shrimp platter and i think ill have fajitas , if i can have them without the green peppers .
sir , there was some speculation that it would be rubber bullets , but jtf headquarters is leaning more towards cayenne pepper spray .
its kind of like , pepper .
to add to its addictive taste , the chef also added a touch of cinnamon , juniper berries and pepper .
one time , we were having an argument at wendys about something and she took her packet of black pepper and blew the pepper right into my eyes .
one time , we were having an argument at wendys about something and she took her packet of black pepper and blew the pepper right into my eyes .
you carry pepper spray .
would you please give me the pepper spray you have clipped to your purse ?
you probably have medical and tax records , warranties on appliances , sales receipts for pepper spray and stun gun purchases .
he was in in his early forties , with smooth caramel colored skin and wavy salt and pepper hair .
our catch is a pan - seared , pepper - crusted ahi tuna , white wine and lemon - basil , served with sesame saffron rice and stir - fried local greens .
oconnells boss is well built for his mid - fifties age , his hair more salt than pepper , an old pair of rectangular glasses balance on the middle of his nose .
it was certainly possible to get a decent piece of fish in new york , and this chef did nt seem set on disguising it as a chili pepper .
from her pocket , she pulled the miniature can of pepper spray from her keychain .
everywhere she went , she had a stun gun and pepper spray , and shed begun taking kung fu again .
well , it was nt like she could break down a security door with pepper spray .
gloria said yes to everything but croutons and given the choice of caesar , creamy pepper , and honey - walnut vinaigrette dressing , she chose caesar .
one was black , early 30s , with a shaved head , the other caucasian , about 10 years older , with a short salt and pepper crew cut .
he looked around the table and found no salt or pepper present .
inside he found ketchup , vinegar , salt , pepper , chocolate sauce , and lemon juice .
maybe order a baton charge , make loose with some pepper spray , taser a few of these old ' uns and inject a bit of fizz into them .
the harbour master scratched at his pepper and salt beard , tilted back his peaked white cap , every inch a man of the sea .
she made some cornbread from scratch , her own concoction with sage , onions , black pepper , corn , and pork rinds .
as i made my way up along the sidewalk , i envied rhondas pepper spray and decided to ask where shed gotten it .
roaming the neighborhood , i walked blisters on my feet , juggling pepper spray , a flashlight , and an opened can of smelly , gourmet cat food .
i varied my routine as much as possible , taking different routes to work , and carrying my pepper spray just hoping someone would give me an excuse .
grabbing my can of pepper spray , i put an eye to the peephole .
her other hand unclipped the fastening holding her pepper spray in its case .
it took more than an hour to book the man mountain into the custody suite at dunedin central police station ; after - care was unavoidable whenever they subjected a person to a liberal pepper spraying by the police .
hunter also gave her a whistle and would buy pepper spray this weekend .
i always have my pepper spray with me and i wo nt travel alone .
i just do nt think it is a good idea get pepper spray get a taser .
unremarkable salt - and - pepper hair , more salt than pepper , graced a flat forehead slightly creased by worry lines .
unremarkable salt - and - pepper hair , more salt than pepper , graced a flat forehead slightly creased by worry lines .
his short - cropped salt- and- pepper hair and authoritative manner lent him the air of the military man .
with streaming dreads and a salt n pepper beard .
jones , a trim , handsome man of late forties vintage , scratched his salt and pepper beard and shook his head , running a hand along the nearest of leather bound first editions in the bookcase beside him .
when hawkshaw came to the table with her steaming pancakes on large porcelain plates , it was apparent she had more on her mind than the pepper and salt .
i took a gander at the elegantly attired man with the salt and pepper hair , then refocused my attention back on becca .
if he had found the counter tops freshly wiped with the salt and pepper shakers labeled and evenly spaced , he might have been worried .
he asked for some appetizers , mozzarella sticks , fried mushrooms , and pepper poppers , all deep fried and greasy .
you loved the red pepper paste .
between brief readings of some articles in the manila bulletin , he was enjoying his poached eggs on toast with lots of pepper and excess ketchup .
he had salt and pepper hair and wore a red handkerchief in the left breast pocket of his black business suit .
a dash of salt and some pepper made the whole meal go down a lot easier .
the chicken was good , the rosemary a much needed change from my normal salt and pepper .
mr . ridken put lots of salt & pepper and tabasco sauce on his eggs before he ate them .
must be some pepper mixed in .
i had grilled venison with cloves and thick cherry glaze , then lamb chops spiced with saffron , cinnamon , and ginger , then wild boar with pepper and nutmeg , and on and on .
ma used to call that particular color hair , salt and pepper .
wearing a tweed coat despite the unseasonable warmth of this april day , bespectacled and dignified with his salt and pepper mop top : a professor , martys guessing ?
martys carpets , nine oclock tuesday morning , the other guy is telling scott , a wiry figure of nearly his own height with shaggy salt and pepper hair and a face that ca nt help smiling , unless something drastic happens by then , which , i mean , it does nt look good .
glen , with his shaggy salt and pepper mop top and broomhandle moustache , channels 1980s janitor chic as he leaned against one of those small , tall round tables , eyeing the nearby dance floor with considerable amusement as he slugs his cheap draft beer .
but you could n't try that on the ones that still had some pepper in them .
` ` are you buying a round of pepper and doritos for the whole store ? ''
it was seasoned perfectly with salt , pepper , and a bit of paprika .
the marina manager was kellons dad , and instead of giving him a franklin , he gave him a dr . pepper .
his salt - and - pepper hair was slicked back , and he had a mustache and beard that were more salt than pepper .
his salt - and - pepper hair was slicked back , and he had a mustache and beard that were more salt than pepper .
this morning the scrambled eggs were swathed in hot salsa , and the sausage gravy on his two thick biscuits contained enough pepper to risk spontaneous combustion .
he had bloodshot eyes and a thick salt and pepper stubble and he looked a good ten years older than the thirty years his file credited him with .
furn snatched up the menu from between the salt and pepper shakers and opened it up to the lunch offers .
furn went immediately for his fork and the pepper shaker .
he had a squared jaw , with a spectrum of salt , pepper , and oregano colors running through his curly hair and his day old beard that looked like a two day old beard on most other men .
where thomas pepper went , the truth was never far behind .
he knew that thomas pepper , a noted journalist and blogger had christened another with that designation in his last book .
god almighty , was all that thomas pepper could offer as he neared tears .
three other hostages , several inmates and one prison guard , who had a dash of salt and a pinch of pepper in his beard failed to hold back theirs .
and until thomas pepper , the real thomas pepper had seen my nakedness as i undressed in front of him at his townhouse before the feds arrivedno man had ever seen all of her .
and until thomas pepper , the real thomas pepper had seen my nakedness as i undressed in front of him at his townhouse before the feds arrivedno man had ever seen all of her .
yea , you are talking about pepper , thomas pepper who used to write for the advocate .
how is thomas pepper ?
her childhood friend and tabitha excused themselves , anxious for another round at thomas pepper , with chris putting up a phone sign with his hand mutely saying that he would call her later .
thomas pepper , she filed for divorce from her husband in the short time while you were in washington .
you re our man , pepper .
she looked from christopher prince to lindsey , to thomas pepper , and finally at her partner again .
agent blue said her overbite clear enough that thomas pepper could see her entire upper gum .
she showed thomas pepper the yellow rose and we both know all the symbolism and history that goes with that .
he s almost right on top of me in a couple of steps , my left hand goes straight for my pepper spray but i fumble with the clip .
by this time i ve got my pepper spray , as his right hand dives into his pocket .
he sits forward again and attempts to get up , he s still holding the knife in his hand and for his incompliance he gets the rest of the canister of pepper spray emptied in his face .
thomas pepper lost his dinner of sauted lamb chops and green beans .
his complexion was very dark and his hair black as pepper .
uncle markov very indignantly knocked the salt and pepper shakers over .
his eyes surveyed the table where they sat at : the condiments , menus , salt and pepper shakers were all in the usual spots one would expect .
the lamb , rice pilaf , roasted red pepper humus with a basket of piping hot pitas , and garden - fresh saladsall gradually passed .
thomas a shapely production intern with south pacific islander features led thomas pepper by the elbow into studio a of the superstation .
the intern lowered her fingerand her head ; it was showtime or no time for thomas pepper .
for all of you who may not know memy name is thomas pepper .
she said with a serious look on her face that thomas pepper had never seen before .
she told the others to remember what thomas pepper said to them all before lucy burgess spoke .
and somehow pepper got the lowdown on my identity , so i m out of the game .
she sprinkled flour over bacon grease sizzling in a cast iron skillet , shook salt and pepper over it and left it to brown for gravy .
the man was holding a bottle of dr pepper and a mineral water .
nor will you be permitted to have knives , riot batons , pepper spray , or anything else that could injure the cats .
reebers ground red pepper .
he d stolen his pepper .
mechanically , frank mixed the red pepper with the vinegar .
red pepper , my friends , frank replied .
red pepper ?
frank wanted to tell him about the red pepper more than anything !
red pepper .
he held the tin of red pepper carefully under the tarp and oh so gently eased it open .
it was pepper .
jimmy repeated , pepper ?
nigel swirled the pepper pot round on the tablecloth as he talked .
i added lots of tomato sauce , pepper , chili sauce and then the pie was good to go .
the officer nodded and continued to increase the speed of the cruiser.warden dever pulled down the passenger visor and straightened his salt and pepper hair onto his head.his glassy steel blue eyes stared back at him.he recognized the look on his face ; it was the same one he got every time he dealt with a tense situation.he flipped the visor back up and closed his eyes.he was trying to put himself in stewarts position .
rosa leaned over to arrange the salt and pepper at the same time .
rosa filled the last saltshaker , screwed on the top and took care to center it just so with the pepper .
even in the darkness of the tunnel , he could see they were workers not rioters ; a salt and pepper team in white coveralls .
mary was already at a table when he limped into the red pepper .
he stopped and immediately reached for the pepper spray on his belt .
not particularly physically imposing or mentally imposing ; though his salt and pepper hair had begun to provide him with an air of wisdom that jenni was n't quite sure he actually possessed .
at least it arrived promptly with some fried plantains and a fiery relish of onion and chopped pepper .
he held up a can of pepper spray .
a waiter brought a steaming platter of whole barracuda , with piles of pepper and cabbage and shredded carrot .
sounds like they had a nice , calm little chat , once the kid put his pepper spray away .
they were packed with an end of the world picnic : juice , dried fruits , condensed milk , canned meats , peanut butter , jelly , crackers , granola bars , baby food , coffee , tea , hard candy , cereal , salt , pepper , sugar .
she saw a form of pepper spray , handcuffs , a telescoping nightstick and a gun .
his salt and pepper hair did nt move and he shook his head from side to side .
forty - five minutes later , a deal had been settled , several papers had been signed , and yershov was slipping a large cheque into the top pocket of his jacket , at the same time pulling out a bottle of pepper vodka from the bottom drawer of his magnificent mahogany desk .
he had salt and pepper hair and carried a black leather doctors bag .
tasers and pepper spray were employed .
the bushy , salt and pepper eyebrows made it difficult to see into his eyes unless his interviewee stared up at him .
she had a wide belt loaded with a gun and a nightstick and a can of pepper spray .
but they slowly and properly applied the dressing , a little salt and pepper , then began eating as if they were completely disinterested in food .
but the food and the simple business of eating it - of putting salt and pepper on the eggs , sugar into the coffee - had been almost intoxicating .
when m. poured him three fingers from the frosted carafe bond took a pinch of black pepper and dropped it on the surface of the vodka .
the pepper slowly settled to the bottom of the glass leaving a few grains on the surface which bond dabbed up with the tip of a finger .
then he tossed the cold liquor well to the back of his throat and put his glass , with the dregs of the pepper at the bottom , back on the table .
in russia , where you get a lot of bath - tub liquor , it 's an understood thing to sprinkle a little pepper in your glass .
` ` so long as you do n't put pepper in basildon 's favourite champagne , '' he said drily .
her body , close to him , smelled of new - mown hay and sweet pepper .
there was a jug of water and five glasses , salt and pepper , bottles of steak sauce .
if i get one ' pass the pepper , please , ' that 's a good day . ''
jaime cut chicken into strips , sprinkled salt and pepper over them , and browned them in hot oil while in a separate pan he started to cook onions , garlic , and tomatoes .
his face was pallid , the only color coming from the salt and pepper stubble of five days ' growth .
dylan was a cutup , with a gift for gab and a great store of tales about growing up in pepper pike , ohio .
major herzog took the money and proceeded directly to the vending machines he 'd found on the second floor , and there he bought three small bags of fritos corn chips and two dr peppers .
scherff pulled a matching set of salt and pepper shakers from his pocket .
` ` salt and pepper , '' scherff said .
link approached them with a tray loaded with a dozen salt and pepper shakers and bottles of ketchup and mustard .
on the table was the traditional red - checked tablecloth beneath a sugar bowl and shakers of salt and pepper .
she pounded the veal scallops with a mallet until they were thin enough , then laid them in flour seasoned with salt and pepper .
an aerosol can of pepper spray .
he turned to see her holding the bottle of pepper spray at arm 's length , her features twisted into a vicious grin as she prepared to spray a noxious jet of capsicum oleoresin into his face .
there was an odd clang a split second before her bottle burst , and a cloud of pepper exploded around the torn metal of the canister .
there was a platter of small red tomatoes covered with pepper and olive oil .
take a beef rump roast , leave the fat on it , place it in the bottom of the pot , then cover it with new potatoes , onions , turnips , carrots , and beets ; add some salt , pepper , and water , put it in the oven on slow bake , and wait five hours .
no spices , garlic , or hot pepper .
there was no clear evidence that pepper and patrick had ever met .
patrick and pepper were both white males , roughly the same height , though patrick was much heavier .
of much greater interest was the fact that pepper 's shotgun , tent , and sleeping bag were found in patrick 's cabin in late february of 1992 .
he displayed his weeping client to the media , and said all sorts of vile things about the local sheriff down there in biloxi and the fbi and their lame efforts at locating pepper .
he hinted at legal action against patrick lanigan , the man who obviously killed pepper and burned his body to hide the evidence so he could make off with ninety million bucks , but he was vague on specifics .
they were given pictures of young pepper , a simple - looking boy with nasty peach fuzz around his mouth and unkempt hair .
shortly after patrick disappeared , he learned that pepper scarboro was rumored to have been lost in the fire .
six weeks later , neldene crouch burst into tears when confronted with pepper 's camping gear .
sweeney asked a couple of questions about pepper scarboro , but patrick quickly reminded him he had a lawyer , and his lawyer would be present during any interrogation .
at the time it was found , pepper 's .12 gauge yielded more than a dozen full , usable prints .
` ` were n't you afraid of being seen by pepper ? ''
patrick studied his feet for a few seconds , then said , ` ` pepper was gone . ''
` ` pepper 's shotgun and camping gear were found under one of the beds .
why do n't we start with pepper ? ''
` ` was pepper alive when you disappeared ? ''
once situated , he said , in a low voice , ` ` i knew pepper .
` ` the next day , i was deer hunting , alone , and pepper tracked me down .
it was pepper , sneaking up on the cabin .
two o'clock in the morning , and pepper caught me .
i waited until dawn because pepper was out there somewhere .
i worked on a brief , scouted turkeys with pepper , checked on old clovis , who seemed to be resting comfortably .
if you want the salt and pepper , ask someone to pass them , please .
he 'd spent one full afternoon sitting on a dr pepper crate near the vending machines , chatting with a janitor while watching the front door .
doyle was back on his dr pepper crate on the first floor near the coke machines , dressed like a laborer , joking with the janitors and watching the front lobby .
the man from social services was attired in the thin worsted wool jacket and cheap tie that seemed to come with the job ; his hair was a thatch of salt and pepper and he seemed an unremarkable specimen except for his smooth , unlined face ; the skin would be babyish , if it did n't look almost tight .
a smell of fish , pepper , and a hint of clove caught her attention .
i put pepper on the ladder .
dorothy trimmed the fat , and put a little pepper on the meat , and a little mustard , and a little brown sugar .
jed crandall , like mr . buckley , was no chair - bound retiree , but a pepper pot of a man , easily angered and easily appeased .
salt , pepper .
i can still taste what i assume is ginger , kale , cayenne pepper , and blackberries .
i next chopped up the chili and jalapeno pepper , then added the crushed garlic , freshly squeezed lime juice , salt , pepper and a hint of sugar .
i next chopped up the chili and jalapeno pepper , then added the crushed garlic , freshly squeezed lime juice , salt , pepper and a hint of sugar .
he walked past the drink machines , saw a black man filling what must have been a gallon - size cup from every soda dispenser - shot of sierra mist , coca - cola , orange fanta , lemonade , dr pepper - a potpourri of colored , carbonated sugar water .
he reminded carmichael of a combat orderly - white uniform , white tennis shoes , and a belt outfitted with a radio , pepper spray , zip - ties , and an assortment of other restraint tools .
behind the desk , one doorway opened into a room that resembled a small armory - stun guns , cattle prods , face - masks , canisters of pepper spray and tear gas , batons , straight - jackets , blackjacks , riot gear .
she thought about the pepper spray in her suitcase .
but she got the pepper spray anyway , holding it out ahead of her like a talisman to ward off evil .
maria reached for the fabric , aiming her pepper spray with her other hand .
maria tugged it inward , raising her pepper spray to dose anyone standing there .
maria demanded , her pepper spray held out at arm 's length , her index finger on the spray button and ready to press .
maria clutched the pepper spray in both hands , but she could n't keep it steady .
maria pressed the button on pepper spray .
by the glow that emanated from the jeep 's interior lights , she could see that he was older - short brown hair on top , a great white beard , salt and pepper mustache that struggled to merge the two .
when mr . mahew attempted to engage her in conversation , ms . stone walked away on two occasions , ignored him on a third , and ended their fourth encounter , according to mr . mahew , by spraying his eyes with either mace or pepper spray .
in the fisherman 's shack , they 'd cook fish cajun - style and boil shellfish , fill the tiny space with the smell of salt and cayenne pepper , and then they 'd make love .
bubba 's friend at the state revenue office had been indicted last year on multiple fraud charges , so that turned into a dead end , but angie finally got a call from her irs contact and started scribbling notes as she listened to him , saying , ` ` uh - huh , uh - huh , '' over and over as i nursed my swollen jaw and bubba spooned cayenne pepper into a collection of hollow - point bullets .
while i 'd slept , someone had seeded the folds of my brain with red pepper and glass .
they parted that pepper sea as andrew peters continued to run and the pepper gained clarity , became heads and then faces .
black pimples covered his face like pepper .
her gaze slid over a rooster - shaped teapot on the table , cow figurine salt and pepper shakers , and finally to the source of the sweet smell ; a pie , not long from the oven .
when dani nodded a silent acknowledgment to this , he added , ` ` but when i got there the rooster teapot lay smashed on the floor with tea everywhere , the salt and pepper shakers lay in pieces by it , and the apple pie had been smashed by a fist . ''
` ` so is this one , '' he admitted , and then straightened to frown at the couple on the bed ; an older woman with salt and pepper hair , and a younger man with dark hair .
you know about setting the table ; putting plates and silverware on for everyone and butter and salt and pepper and maybe some jams ? ''
` ` gratin dauphinois and basque chicken , '' she saidafter a moment , and then explained , ` ` basically cheesy potatoes and chicken cooked with ham , peppers , tomatoes , and garlic . ''
jake had even set out salt and pepper , ketchup , and a.1 .
- hannah moses , looking tall , lean , and extremely dangerous in her morganville police uniform , loaded down with a gun , riot baton , pepper spray , handcuffs , and who knew what else .
next to him , hannah still wore her police uniform , but no belt - and no gun , handcuffs , baton , stakes , or pepper spray .
after she blindingly fast brought out salt , pepper and full water glasses , she started preparing plates for everyone .
for reassurance , she touched the two small canisters of pepper spray tucked safely beside the bug spray in the belt loops beneath her jacket .
get it off me , right now , '' she ordered , her hand closing around the small canister of pepper spray .
she curled her fingers around the small canister of pepper spray .
reaching with her free hand , she settled her fingers around the canister of pepper spray .
she tried to step in front of him , gripping the canister of pepper spray hard , prepared to de battle with whatever came their way , so she could get him to safety .
she wrapped her fingers tightly around the canister of pepper spray and tugged it from her belt loop .
she tried frantically to get to the head , hoping if she sprayed the pepper spray she 'd have a chance , but the body seemed endless , without a head or tail .
maryann clutched the pepper spray and forced her body to quit lighting .
` ` sometimes , '' he admitted , his serious eyes studying her and the can of pepper spray she had in her fist .
maryann took a firmer grip on the canister of pepper spray .
she had the pepper spray and that she was n't afraid to use .
he 'd saved her from the snake , but he deserved pepper spray for even contemplating cutting the heels off her favorite pair of boots .
she sighed and put the bug spray back , resorting to slapping at the insects with one hand and retaining possession of the pepper spray with the other .
pushed beyond all endurance , maryann jumped up , took two long strides to the marauding cat and let loose with a stream of pepper spray directly into the fully formed jaguar 's eyes and nostrils .
where maryann relied on pepper spray , solange wore knives and guns with familiar ease .
although i did use my canister of pepper spray on a jaguar last night when it attacked me . ''
` ` i ' ve got a couple of weapons as well , '' she said , and held up the pepper spray .
maryann blasted him with the pepper spray , using short bursts , hitting him in the eyes , mouth and nose repeatedly .
she had her canister of pepper spray , but it was nearly empty .
` ` i ' m bringing the pepper spray . ''
` ` i would expect nothing less than pepper spray , '' he answered , his voice tinged with amusement .
deep inside where nothing could touch her , maryann vowed never to go anywhere without her pepper spray .
she groped in her bag for her pepper spray with her free left hand , but this one night she had n't been prepared , mentally or physically , and she could n't find the cylinder she usually carried ready to use .
where was the pepper spray ?
i yelled , but the word had n't even gotten all the way out of my mouth when the window shattered and the bottle with its fiery head landed on a table where no one was sitting , breaking the napkin holder and scattering the salt and pepper shakers .
i got the broom and dustpan , and swept up the salt , pepper , and sugar that crunched under my feet , and made a mental note to go to wal - mart to replace my toaster if eric did n't send one today .
i hastily turned away to check the levels of salt and pepper in the shakers on the tables , though i knew quite well everything was fine .
i put the pepper in the sink and leaned against the counter .
i said , turning my back to her as i washed the pepper .
putting the pepper on the cutting board , i yanked open a drawer and banged noisily about until i found a huge knife .
silently , i put the pepper back in the refrigerator .
` ` everything was very good , '' she said , her taste buds still tingling from the peppers and spices and fresh , savory flavors .
claire grabbed her emergency home defense kit on the way out of her room - a bag of everything from pepper spray to silver - plated stakes - and raced down the hall , then down the stairs , and arrived with a jolt to find everybody else , including michael , calmly sitting down to dinner .
i bathed already , and i 'd rather not do it in the vampire equivalent of pepper spray . ''
olivia held up her glass , and her friends fol- lowed suit -- except toby and camilla , who held up salt and pepper shakers .
there was a grinding sound like a pepper mill as sir horace swiveled around .
jenks snickered , taking his hands - on - hips peter pan poseatop the pepper shaker .
mitch was older than jason , with salt and pepper hair and slightly weathered features .
` ` if this is some sort of prank , i have pepper spray in my purse , '' she said , holding her little yellow clutch close to her chest .
claire frantically cut up a piece of stuffed bell pepper and ate it , bell pepper and all .
claire frantically cut up a piece of stuffed bell pepper and ate it , bell pepper and all .
maybe instead of pepper spray , they have garlic spray .
` ` i want onions , salt , pepper - ` ` she began .
` ` pork drippin ' with salt and pepper , and a mug of beer , '' he said .
he moved his head about , and it did n't make the pepper mill noise any more .
a deep purple envelope lay next to our pastel blue salt and pepper shakers .
suddenly , fancy tablecloths , sterling - silver candle holders , crystal salt and pepper shakers , linen napkins , and china flew out of the china cabinet .
ivy asked , pretending to be distracted by balancing the oregano atop the pepper atop the salt .
ivy blinked at her tower and prepared to put the crushed red pepper flakes on top .
ivy 's hand jerked , and the chili peppers knocked into the oregano , and the entire tower of spices collapsed , crashing right into ivy 's full cup of lemonade and sending it flying .
the substance itself was relatively harmless , but its fumes acted as a kind of pepper spray .
but i ' m getting my pepper spray . ''
she made good on her promise to get the pepper spray and then stood before us with crossed arms .
wendy looked like she was on the verge of using the pepper spray .
adrian stepped forward to take it from her , but he must have moved too quickly because she suddenly thrust the can of pepper spray in his direction .
at the exact same moment , i sprang in front of him , terrified he was about to get a face full of pepper spray .
that would have to be rectified , in case our future errands involved more pepper spray .
you threw yourself in the line of pepper spray for me .
i do n't think pepper spray will help , but maybe the article will convince her .
a delicious half walnut dipped in some kind of sweet lemon syrup , with bits of hot pepper or something like that clinging to it , all gilded with that edible gold stuff .
she scanned the table and grabbed the salt and pepper shakers from next to the napkin dispenser .
then she made a little mound of pepper adjacent to the mound of salt .
` ` anyway , '' she picked up where she 'd left off , ` ` salt and pepper ca n't mix . ''
all the vamp cells went to one end , '' ivy said , using the back of her knife to push the salt away from the pepper , ` ` and all the human cells went to the other . ''
` ` after all , we already have salt and pepper . ''
after a lot of meals spent by himself , he actually enjoyed passing salt and pepper , butter , and rolls .
` ` so , cary grant , '' lucas began , shaking red pepper flakes onto his slice .
me equals jalapeno pepper .
the woman surreptitiously stuck her hand in her purse , then yanked it out and sprayed dracula in the eyes and mouth with pepper spray .
he handed her a canister of pepper spray and one of richart 's daggers .
` ` if he threatens you , hit him with the pepper spray , then carve him up . ''
they did n't like it , and made me promise to keep my cell phone and pepper spray handy .
i did n't have any pepper spray , but the old man aaron , gave me his .
flour , sugar , nonstick cooking spray , and pepper came out of the cabinets .
the detective 's clean , soapy scent filled my nose , overpowering the cumin , red pepper , and other spices in the air .
sophia was adding some red pepper and paprika to her macaroni salad .
once more , the restaurant was as empty as a church on saturday night , except for sophia deveraux , who was at the back counter mixing white vinegar , sugar , mayonnaise , and black pepper to make the dressing for a batch of coleslaw .
i sprinkled some more black pepper on top of my coleslaw , dug my fork into the colorful mound , and took another bite .
food splattered into jake 's eyes , and the cumin , red pepper , and other spices in the barbecue sauce caused him to scream .
cumin , red pepper , and other spices from the afternoon 's cooking flavored the air , along with a healthy dose of pure , heart - stopping grease .
she topped off his cup , and the warm chicory fumes filled my nose , momentarily overpowering the cumin , red pepper , and other spices that flavored the air .
first i added a generous dash of salt and black pepper to the flour that i 'd poured into a small , shallow dish .
the food was excellent - black - pepper - crusted steaks , along with soft , sweet sourdough rolls , perfectly grilled vegetables , and mashed sweet potatoes generously slathered with honey butter and sprinkled with cinnamon .
several chefs were busy chopping , cutting , peeling , boiling , steaming , and sauteing everything from potatoes to pasta to peaches , and my nose itched from the red pepper , cinnamon , and other spices in the air .
i also fried up some salty country ham , using the grease and drippings that were left in the pan , along with some evaporated milk and a generous dash of black pepper , to make my gravy .
a dash or two of cayenne pepper or maybe even a sprinkle of cumin to give it some smoky heat . ''
in addition to the gun i 'd noticed earlier , the belt also contained an extra clip of ammo , a metal baton , a small bottle of pepper spray , and , most important , a walkie - talkie .
she seemed to have the same gear that the first guard had : leather belt , gun , ammo , baton , pepper spray .
key cards , a couple of metal batons , pepper spray , walkie - talkies .
but there was one other small tube hooked onto the belt : the pepper spray i 'd taken off the first giant i 'd killed .
` ` why , that did n't hurt any more than a little ole bee sting - ` ` i pulled out the tube , flipped the nozzle , and gave her a face full of pepper spray , even though the close proximity made my own eyes water and nose burn .
even the pepper spray had n't bothered her all that much .
a series of old , battered metal dumpsters crouched on either side of the restaurant 's back door , all reeking of cumin , cayenne , black pepper , and the other spices that i cooked with , along with all of the food scraps and other garbage that had spoiled out there in the july heat .
i raided cooper 's fridge and cabinets , pulling out flour , sugar , salt , pepper , and all of the other staples that i would need .
murmurs of more than a dozen different conversations added to the pleasant mix of sounds , while the rich , hearty smells of cumin , black pepper , and other spices tickled my nose .
thin slices of smoked turkey and honey ham ; thick slabs of sharp cheddar cheese ; sweet , crispy romaine lettuce ; a couple of rings of red onion ; sliced fresh tomatoes sprinkled with salt and pepper ; all of it topped off with a hearty layer of mayonnaise , a dollop of mustard , and another piece of bread .
the goth dwarf was standing off to my right and stirring the pot of fletcher 's secret barbecue sauce that was bubbling away on one of the stoves , flavoring the air with its rich , smoky mix of cumin , black pepper , and other spices .
i leaned over the pan and breathed in , enjoying the spicy tickle of chili powder and black pepper steaming up from the simmering mixture .
i took a couple of bucks out of my pocket , folded them , and stuck the bills between the salt and pepper shakers .
the jar labeled chili pepper contained a smith and wesson mandp 45 .
i speared a piece of chicken with my fork , carefully avoiding the lump of green pepper .
turns out roses and lemon combined with salt and cayenne pepper tastes like burning .
the jammer for the marauders was one of slade 's nymphs , pepper , who skated under the name stankerbell .
` ` cayenne pepper .
i stepped over the cayenne pepper line .
mentally i referred to them as cowboy , salt , and pepper .
i even whipped up a pot of fletcher 's secret barbecue sauce , going a little heavy on the cumin and black pepper to give it an extra - smoky , spicy kick , and put that on one of the stovetops to simmer away .
some plain , some stuffed with sweet , juicy slices of apples and pears , some filled with honey ham and bread - and - butter pickles , and some bulging with thick slices of tomato sprinkled with salt , pepper , and a touch of dill weed .
as soon as it started simmering away with its rich , smoky mix of cumin , black pepper , and other spices , the restaurant felt like home again .
vicki used the lull to refill the salt and pepper shakers and the sugar bowls , then she went into the kitchen for a cup of coffee .
he had met someone else ... she cleared the last table , helped bobbie sue refill the salt and pepper shakers and replace the packets of cream and sugar substitutes , still hoping that antonio would appear , until gus came out of the kitchen to lock the front door .
peeking inside the boxes , she found everything she could possibly want , from the basics , like sugar and salt and pepper , to several kinds of bread and a variety of canned fruits and vegetables .
it held a jar of instant coffee , a half - gallon of milk , a box of assorted individual servings of cereal , a small box of sugar , a loaf of bread , lunch meat and cheese , eggs , bacon , a box of pancake mix , syrup , a jar of peanut butter , another of jelly , a six - pack of soda , butter , salt and pepper , a small jar of mayonnaise , mustard , and ketchup , as well as paper plates and a package of plastic knives , forks , and spoons , some plastic cups , and a toothbrush and toothpaste .
a wooden rack held her mother 's salt and pepper shaker collection , many of them older than shannah .
maybe it was time to buy a gun , or at least a canister of pepper spray .
and she was pretty sure a can of pepper spray would n't be much of a deterrent .
` ` we usually get half with pepperoni and mushrooms and half with sweet peppers .
` ` open your mouth again , you punk , and i will mace it shut , '' the officer said , reaching into his belt and holding out a canister of pepper spray .
in another flash of an eye , benji had somehow managed to throw that police officer into the other one that was approaching with the pepper spray , knocking them both to the ground like dominos .
grabbing the salt and pepper , he walked back to his seat at the island .
jane , with salt and pepper gray hair , was stylishly dressed in a pale gray suit she sold in the store .
i ' m bringing the tomato , onion and pepper plants home tomorrow .
the high commander shouted and mardis moved swiftly to fling his handful of pepper flakes , but not swiftly enough .
i had enough time to close my eyes against the pepper he 'd tossed in my face , but his head was already severed .
i was led away between solis and desmun , still sneezing , my eyes watering from the pepper flakes that clung to my skin .
if i 'd done things my way , i 'd have gone to mist , those pepper flakes would have gone right through and my claws would have severed mardis ' head .
maybe a few plates and the salt and pepper shakers , too .
i set the salt and pepper shakers down by his plate .
there is very little spice in this meat pie - definitely salt , and something sort of sweet , like cinnamon , but no pepper , nothing with kick .
she shook them once , like one might a pepper shaker , and somehow the books all aligned in order by subject , size , and author .
nathan winces and grinds more pepper on top of his potpie .
he 's always complaining that nathan ruins his meals by adding too much pepper .
i can tell that cookie had soaked the millers in vinegar overnight to take out the gamey wild taste , and he even put some salt and pepper on them .
she pushed in the chairs i was neglecting and righted the salt and pepper shaker , double checking the lids for pranks we deemed outdated , but the general middle school population still found hilarious .
his hair was a little more salt and pepper than the last time i 'd seen him , but it only enhanced his looks .
i made sure all the tables were set up with ketchup bottles filled and salt and pepper shakers in working order .
his hair was salt and pepper , gray near his face , as black as lena 's on the top .
every potpie in our county had a secret ingredient : sour cream , soy sauce , cayenne pepper , even parmesan cheese straight out of the shaker .
the tomatoes sizzled in the pan , and i breathed in the scent of my mother - yellowing paper and burnt oil , new tomatoes and old cardboard , all laced through with cayenne pepper .
she dropped hot tomatoes onto a paper towel , sprinkling pepper across the plate .
i was n't sure where the line was for her , but when her dad suggestively cleared his throat when she leaned in to ask me for the salt and pepper , i thought she was quickly approaching it .
one of the male nurses , a pure with salt and pepper hair , faced our group .
in the corner of my eye , i saw the salt and pepper speckled horse rear up onto its hind legs .
` ` it was between dr pepper , milk and flavored water , '' isaac says coming into the walkout basement where i sit curled up in the corner of the couch .
then she twists her head my way , shouting , as the regulators get her with pepper spray , and i see that she is n't hana , and relief rushes through me , a wave .
` ` i remember one time she made hot pepper pancakes .
the walls are lined with shelves , and the shelves are crammed so tightly with things that in places the wood has begun to sag and warp under the weight of it all : packages of food , and large jugs of water , and blankets ; but also knives , and silverware , and nests of tangled jewelry ; leather shoes and jackets ; handguns and wooden police batons and cans of pepper spray .
he grabs me a dr . pepper from the fridge and himself a pepsi .
nathan 's kind of party , i ' m guessing , involves board games and dr pepper .
she pulled out the container of pepper spray she usually carried before tiptoeing through the dark apartment .
so i told them about the trash can and the dropped dr pepper bottle and , finally , tell suzie she 's a lucky cat , which , even if it had n't been for the whole genius thing , i still would have been able to remember verbatim , because sentences like that are like peanut butter on a girl 's mind .
that dr pepper bottle was going to yield the fingerprints of a gallagher academy student ( me ) , a nonexistent - as - far - as - technology - is - concerned - because - every - year - he - gets - new - fingerprints - to - go - with - his - face gallagher academy instructor ( smith ) , and a perfectly innocent bystander whose only crime was being concerned for teenage girls who are forced to pilfer from trash cans ( josh ) .
then i start playing with the salt and pepper shakers .
i rol my eyes as i stack the pepper on top of the salt .
i pul salt out from under pepper , which fal s to the table perfectly .
stacking pepper on top of salt , i shake my head .
after carter and i have ordered enough food to feed ten people , i slide the salt and pepper shakers over in front of me .
i stack salt on top of pepper , then yank pepper out .
i stack salt on top of pepper , then yank pepper out .
carter takes the shakers and stacks pepper on top of salt .
he pul s salt out , but pepper comes down at a weird angle , spil ing al over the table .
nodding , i stack pepper on top of salt .
it 's what he expects me to do , '' carter says , running his fingertips through the mess of pepper he spil ed on the table .
he does n't say anything else - we just sit here for the next hour , picking at the waffles and hash browns and playing the salt and pepper game .
then yesterday , a deck of cards , a pair of salt and pepper shakers , and a blank journal showed up outside the door to my room .
we carry the pizza to an empty booth , and after taking a bite , i pul the salt and pepper shakers over in front of me .
i stack salt on top of pepper , yank pepper out and salt fal s straight down .
i stack salt on top of pepper , yank pepper out and salt fal s straight down .
add salt and pepper to taste .
jordan shakes her head and starts playing with the salt and pepper shakers .
she stacks the pepper on the top of the salt and yanks the salt out from under the pepper .
she stacks the pepper on the top of the salt and yanks the salt out from under the pepper .
it held the slightest trace of mint and black pepper , and the memory of it rushed through me so fast i was left dizzy .
` ` pepper friberg . ''
so pepper was an archangel .
if pepper does n't pay up soon , his vacation time on earth is going to become a lot more permanent .
` ` did you tell pepper that ? ''
i smiled at the memory of falling asleep curled in patch 's arms , concentrating on that rather than the probability that pepper friberg , aka mr . archangel with a dirty secret , had sat outside my house all night , playing spy .
maybe pepper friberg .
i also wanted to get the interrogation wrapped up quickly so i could tell patch about dabria and pepper .
i had a feeling that ` ` favor '' included following pepper down to hell , just before he jumped clear and slammed the gates shut on patch .
` ` you 're an archangel , pepper .
` ` climb into the boat , '' pepper ordered me .
pepper 's bullets would have more success hitting trees than me .
i could n't believe pepper was this stupid .
` ` pepper hired a few nephilim thugs to redecorate my studio beneath delphic .
` ` pepper surprised me outside the devil 's handbag last night .
` ` did pepper hurt you ?
i got away from pepper .
i was just like pepper friberg .
the only difference between me and pepper was that i wanted to take a side .
if i had to guess , he 'd probablyquo when you spent the day trying to find pepper 's real blackmailer or tracking down cowboy hat and co .
` ` i chased around a few leads on pepper , hoping to shed some light on the identity of his blackmailer , but ended up back at square one .
` ` the other night at the devil 's handbag , i saw her arguing with pepper in the alley .
` ` dabria is n't blackmailing pepper . ''
and pepper is one archangel you 'd do well to stay away from .
` ` there 's a rogue archangel wandering around town named pepper friberg .
and pepper looked furious .
` ` i think it 's time to find pepper . ''
as far as i know , pepper is n't holding any one - way tickets to hell with scott 's name on them . ''
word had it pepper could n't say the same .
` ` we 're looking for pepper friberg , '' scott announced .
` ` sorry , sweetheart , my dance card 's full for the night , '' pepper shot back cynically , brooding over the hand he 'd been dealt .
now pepper reacted .
` ` keep your voice down , '' pepper growled , nervously eyeing the other players .
` ` archangels do n't swear blood vows , '' pepper sneered .
c'm on , pepper , i thought .
` ` you 're going to swear that oath right now , pepper . ''
` ` yes , yes , a job , '' pepper snarled .
` ` this is awful , '' pepper said , tugging at his collar like it was pinching him .
we ' ve got pepper . ''
` ` i think pepper is a coward , and he 's glad we 're going in and he does n't have to . ''
` ` i ' m a lot taller than pepper , '' he said doubtfully .
` ` i have a bad feeling , '' pepper said , wiping his palms on his trousers .
` ` do n't forget your end of the bargain , pepper .
what if she 'd called pepper with a revised meeting place after scott and i had left the devil 's handbag ?
` ` you 're blackmailing pepper friberg .
` ` pepper was sent down to earth by the archangels to run a full - fledged investigation into me and blakely . ''
` ` so i needed a way to distract pepper , all right ?
` ` fallen angels need pepper to enchant several objects using the powers of heaven .
they 're blackmailing pepper . ''
of you with pepper .
` ` dante is also pepper 's blackmailer , '' i said .
` ` and pepper will do it because he ca n't risk dante ratting him out to the archangels ?
but then why has n't pepper already made dante disappear ? ''
` ` pepper is n't going to get his own hands dirty .
` ` you think pepper had hoped you 'd make 'd dante disappear for him ?
and here i 'd thought pepper could n't stoop any lower .
` ` call pepper .
` ` i ' m an archangel , '' pepper said peevishly .
patch stepped toward him , and pepper shrank back in fear , his arms flying up to shield his face .
you 're going to get those feathers , pepper .
` ` we need them by tomorrow , '' i told pepper .
` ` pepper is going to come through .
` ` pepper promised us the feathers and dagger by monday at midnight .
at last he said , ` ` pepper ca n't solve the problem of tonight - we 're going to have to do that ourselves . ''
` ` if we can delay the duel until pepper gets back , the duel will be nothing more than a gimmick to stall dante and buy us time . ''
` ` if pepper fails , they 'll see it as your failure .
not dante , not pepper .
just because patch had already promised to kill dante for pepper did n't mean we could n't take advantage of circumstances and position ourselves to gain something from blakely as well .
if dante knows about the feathers , he 'll try to intercept pepper on his way back to earth , patch answered tensely .
` ` we have to assume dante is going after pepper and the feathers . ''
` ` i have the f - f - feathers , '' pepper said , his voice high and quivering .
` ` good work , pepper , '' i said .
i pulled the phone away to save my eardrums from pepper 's hysterical shrieks .
` ` listen up , pepper .
` ` do you think pepper will stay with the feathers ? ''
i 'll take care of pepper and the feathers . ''
` ` pepper 's got every fallen angel feather , ever ? ''
` ` pepper , it 's nora grey .
` ` hurry up , pepper , '' i called .
` ` can you call pepper ? ''
ignoring the fire clawing my shoulder as i drew out pepper 's dagger , i staggered out of the cluster of headstones and into the open cemetery .
he gives a few shakes of salt and several turns of the pepper mill .
i 'll keep my vial of holy water and my pepper spray , for the off chance i get attacked by an actual human .
i play it cool , wishing i had my pepper spray .
` ` katy ... '' my gaze lowered , taking in the salt and pepper hair , the handsome face , and the smile that had charmed his way into my life and right into my mom 's bed .
` ` first of all , '' i said , wiping the pepper off vigorously with a paper towel and moving on to a second , ` ` you were going to kiss me .
` ` you have pepper spray and that whistle .
since acquiring her , we have fitted her with swivel guns fore and aft - i learned about the usefulness of those little pepper pots this past summer when sailing down the mississippi river on my keelboat , the belle of the golden west .
i ' ve peeled off the metal coating on top and am inserting the corkscrew , a fancy new one that looks more like a pepper grinder .
she missed the old lily : sticky dr pepper hands , the smell of bubblegum breath , hair that was never combed , and glasses that were always smudgy .
colin 's face instantly turns bright red , resembling a chile pepper .
he smelled like orange soap and pepper , an unlikely combination aria could n't get enough of .
aria fiddled with the gnome salt and pepper shakers on the table .
the pantry smelled like pepper .
are they from salt and pepper ? ''
actually , the shoes were from salt and pepper , but the store was in the slightly down - market section of the king james mall - definitely uncool .
look - i ' m wearing salt and pepper shoes , too . ''
carolyn had abstained even from that , opting for dr pepper .
` ` is that straight - up dr pepper ? ''
not very many people knew emily so well - not well enough to call her ` ` fieldsy , '' to know that her favorite pre - swim meet dinner was pepper steak from china rose , or to know that when emily 's butterfly times were three - tenths of a second faster , it meant she had her period .
he looked about emily 's dad 's age , with green eyes and a salt - and - pepper beard .
wilden cracked his knuckles and fiddled with a phallic - looking pepper grinder that sat in the center of the table .
some pepper spilled on the tablecloth , and the air immediately smelled spicy .
last summer , to prepare for her trip with sean 's family to cape cod , hanna had eaten nothing but grapefruit and cayenne pepper , and she had n't let sean touch her when she was wearing her bathing suit , afraid he 'd find her jell - o - ish .
asks brother fox , shaking some salt and pepper over brother rabbit 's head and dancing around the cauldron .
` ` that next kiss , my little chili pepper , will you give it ? ''
we should have gotten you a knife or pepper spray or something ... .
` ` then ... well , i ' m going to buy you a pepper spray this afternoon , and i 'll buy myself one at the same time . ''
i bit my lower lip as i wondered if losing a pepper spray in another time might change the future of mankind .
maybe any change would be only for the good if the right person found it ... . maybe i should tell lesley to call off the plan to buy pepper spray , though , just to be safe .
` ` tell her you were trying out the pepper spray , '' the empty air had answered me back , ` ` and it got into your own eyes by mistake . ''
sarah is coming as a green pepper .
` ` ' scuse me , '' muttered sarah , who was sewn into the green pepper costume .
` ` hey , gordon , say peter piper picked a peck of pickled pepper four times running ! ''
` ` peeker pepper pecked a pop of pippled pepper , pepper picker popped a pick of pippered popper , pickle popper packed a pip of peppled potter ! ''
` ` peeker pepper pecked a pop of pippled pepper , pepper picker popped a pick of pippered popper , pickle popper packed a pip of peppled potter ! ''
` ` peeker pepper pecked a pop of pippled pepper , pepper picker popped a pick of pippered popper , pickle popper packed a pip of peppled potter ! ''
my first thought is that i should have listened during orientation when they talked about pepper spray and rape whistles .
you told me it was okay and you grabbed a dr . pepper instead .
i add pepper , salt , a dash of hot sauce , and a shot of tequila from the liquor cabinet , which is my newest secret omelet ingredient .
next , i get a shot of jack daniels from the liquor cabinet and dump that onto the chicken and red pepper .
kiran followed me to one of the couches with a dr . pepper in hand .
bbq sauce , pepper jack cheese and egg dripped down my fingers onto the napkin used instead of a plate and i resisted the very real urge to lick my fingers before even one drop was wasted .
it sat on the only piece of dry table between our condensation - dripping glasses of soda and the salt and pepper shakers .
but she was strong enough to return his mammoth hug and pepper kisses on him whenever she could get around the kisses he peppered her with .
i say nothing at first , fidgeting with the salt and pepper shakers to keep myself from scratching at my skin .
i grinned and began slicing the pepper into narrow ribbons .
i stacked the thin strips of green pepper and turned them around to start dicing .
either way i do n't have time for it because i ' ve been gone half an hour for a simple bell pepper and my mom is going to flip when i walk through the door .
` ` chili pepper ? ''
he smel ed like cologne , black pepper , and motor oil .
` ` mom says you 're supposed to go to the store and get a big bottle of dr pepper , '' he says , his hands still twisting and popping at the game .
bring me a dr pepper , why do n't you ? ''
it 's even worse after we pick up the dr pepper .
and as she walks back to her house with her head held high and the liter of dr pepper dangling casually from one hand , i feel pretty damn good about myself .
even diet dr pepper wears off after a while .
mom makes a fierce fish dinner , just fries them up in butter with some salt and pepper , a bit of cayenne sometimes , and it almost melts in your mouth . ''
i had a tube that tasted like dr pepper .
he could have told everybody at school that i tasted like dr pepper .
i start rearranging the packets of crushed red pepper on the table .
` ` you , too , '' ellie exclaimed and threw a hot pepper flake packet at my head .
` ` the secret is white pepper .
higgins has long since contrived a potion consisting of pepper , lime juice , horseradish , garlic , curry , and other spices he has picked up in these exotic lands , along with tomato juice , and lastly a good , stiff dollop of rum , and that concoction manages to get a grumpy captain laughton back on his feet again and in reasonably good humor .
the cracked pepper chips are my favorite though . ''
` ` um , yep ... i think i 'll have a turkey pepper jack panini with the chips and a salted carmel mocha frapp please . ''
she 'd cut the onions with care , savored in the soft , firm perfection of the red tomatoes , shaken in a combination of thyme , red pepper , salt , and curry , and marveled at the greenness of the greens .
dinner that night was pizza , and even though it was homemade by her father ( so the crust was alternately thick and doughy and raw , or too thin and burnt ) , and even though he had put slices of green pepper on it , along with little meatballs and , of all things , pineapple chunks , coraline ate the entire slice she had been given .
` ` look at you , total chili pepper hot .
nana finished grinding pepper , the soft smile returning to her face .
we had the pepper spray , the tasers , all that .
he was always putting pepper in the gumbo , trying to bribe addison into going out with him to the clubs - and you ca n't fool me ; i knew half the reason was to get his face in the paper with his it girl arm candy .
as i watched , i could feel myself mentally shadowing the woman 's own movements , as she quickly heated a reserve of skillet oil for mushrooms and peppers , then added a couple of lethal pinches of chili pepper and a dried bay leaf to the sauce already simmering on the stove .
its smell of cigarettes and burnt green peppers was insta - grease on my skin .
xander is fiddling purposefully with the napkin holder , the condiments , the saltshaker and pepper shaker .
` ` you have pepper spray ? ''
he pulled out a canister of pepper spray and made sure it was ready to fire .
nate kept the pepper spray ready .
he got his pepper spray ready .
once he came too close to miss , nate discharged the pepper spray .
` ` no tricks , '' nate said , holding out the pepper spray .
` ` i ' ve kept a couple canisters of pepper spray in reserve , just in case .
with a canister of pepper spray in hand , nate alighted just beyond the cave entrance .
for personal defense she could always carry pepper spray .
i ' ve got some green day cranked up fairly loud since callie 's out , a bag of sour patch kids and some doritos in front of me , along with a thirty - two - ounce dr pepper .
but she did n't recognize this stranger taking shape before her eyes , the way his skin had drawn so tight she could see his skull , or the fury that nipped her nose like pepper .
i moved the saltshaker and the pepper shaker , and lined up sugar packets and sweetener packets according to color .
from my vantage point , i could see everything he had hanging on his gun belt : gun , radio , pepper spray , handcuffs , cell phone .
he drew his outstretched hand back toward his coffee mug and stared at the salt and pepper shakers .
beneath a gun belt that bristled with holsters and pepper sprays and other assorted weaponry , he looked young .
by way of demonstration , calla handed him his drink and then removed a small black container of pepper spray from her small red purse .
` ` calm yer pepper , irkmeat ! ''
` ` calm yer pepper ! ''
` ` calm yer pepper . ''
sitting peacefully on a bench in the beautiful garden of pairumani sat the older guy with salt - and - pepper hair , wearing a navy cardigan sweater and pressed khaki pants , like the perfect gentleman .
buttered toast wedges sit on each side of a too - large mound of eggs that i ve sprinkled with salt , pepper and cheddar cheese that melts into the fluffy folds .
the main requirement for her post was to be able to oversee all the high tech security systems that the teams would be using , computer literacy not killing ability was her priority , so a pepper spray on her belt would suffice ( and it also helped her case that charlie quite liked her ) .
even agnetha got three bulls at five paces - with her pepper spray .
so as i moved slowly along the lines i again shook each by the hand , congratulated him or her and then handed them their shiny new name badge and side - arm ( or pepper spray in agnethas case ) that maria was efficiently ( if rather nervously ) passing to me .
she was tall and slim , had short salt and pepper hair and had a short - ish nautically themed skirt on , with a sailor blouse , and she looked absolutely knacke done in .
even if you cleaned out the kitchen after each trip , you would nt remove the long lived items like salt and pepper .
mom quickly cracked in several more and stirred them , adding a dash of pepper and a little milk from one of the refrigerated drawers .
it was while elkano was preparing dinner for them both cocumbers and tomatos and onion salad mixed with olives oil with pepper spice .
chapter 29 humik has met an ex - israeli , josh kahansky , who was owning a restaurant together with mahmudin , an indian who was cooking there very sharp mexican and indian meat , mixed with a lot of curry , pepper and other sharp spices .
when prissi finally regains consciousness , her ears listen to the drum - laden music pounding from a banged up speaker , then , her nose smells the mahlebi , bird pepper and nigella and finally she opens her eyes to see a rainbow of brightly colored clothes hanging around the small room like fifth world flags .
tommy sat and began to study the middle aged man with salt and pepper hair , black moustache , brown eyes , a ruddy complexion and a build like a linebacker .
except for the ultra short salt - and - pepper hair , he could be any man on the streets and roads of this country .
dr . bertram hague leaned back against his cushion seat , ran a large hand through his wavy salt and pepper hair and regarded me with steady eyes .
the woman led the way down the middle of the room , her salt and pepper hair bouncing slightly .
and we could use her moves to escape those sons of bitches because pepper sprays do n't work these days .
has the hot pepper of the southerly peoples ever touched your tongue ?
nathan noticed that jenkins pulled his pepper spray from his belt and moved over to the other corner of the room so he could have a clear view of nathan while meeks uncuffed him .
he was probably sixty years old , short with a pot belly and salt and pepper hair .
their eyes so tightly locked on my legs i d need pepper spray just to get em to blink .
he had salt and pepper hair down to his shoulders and a thick bushy mustache that half - covered his mouth .
make sure we have butter , salt and pepper , and such , karen tried to make ricky feel useful .
whatever it was nearly choked us unconscious with something that smelled and felt like a really bad fart mixed with pepper spray .
there were dried tomatoes , pickles , slices of dried apple and peach , and even a small clay container of pepper oil for spice .
a similar packet of pepper created delighted consternation .
ted grabbed a can of pepper spray off the kitchen table and clipped it inside his front pocket .
in any survival situation a sharp knife is probably your most essential accessory , but in ted 's world pepper spray is probably number two .
zombies are primarily motivated by their very well developed senses of smell and taste and ted had found that pepper spray was the best zombie repellent .
then a truck began spraying pepper fog into the demonstrators , and i stopped taking pictures .
i do nt think on my most experimental of days i would ve decided i had the yearning for a vegetable slurry of red paste and pepper and i definitely would nt have topped it off with a liquor which has the taste equivalent of spiced spit but , then again , i m not the most inventive of individuals .
i mean , our purpose is to create trade for don carlos , and although cloves and nutmeg and cinnamon and pepper have been mentioned , surely the king is not averse to gold .
tiffa , meeka or whoever does most of the cooking has nearly three dozen dried spices which over half were peppers .
what does pepper spray taste like ?
* * * mike had woken at about 10:00 am , spending an inordinate amount of time staring at some salt and pepper shakers on his kitchen table before managing to put together some breakfast .
dude , pepper , i swear you are a comedy goddess .
with pepper fully out of sight , jina dropped a punch into tomika arm .
i let my guard down just because you have a boyfriend , and the next thing i know , you and pepper are getting married on the coast of california and i m the bridesmaid struggling to fit my bread - dough back into the ugly dress you picked for me because you knew i was sensitive about the weight i gained from stress - eating and being all depressed and crap .
jayla did not think much of her and jinas run - in with pepper earlier , but the more she mused on what her friend described as her dream girl , the more she questioned her personality , and it troubled her .
for her , it was visual poetry by electric lamplight , watching the girl search through her choices of shirts with her back to her , but the stanza ripped to a halt when pepper noticed the peeping eyes .
bitch is crazy , pepper !
she led morgan to the kitchen just as pepper came in through the patio door , stumbling in her red wedged - heel shoes .
i do nt know how i let felicia talk me into wearing this , pepper said .
omg , pepper , can you take us to willow county ?
then , pepper , and finally jina who tossed herself into peppers arms .
tomika , jina , morgan , pepper ?
you , uh , you did nt say pepper was with you last night .
i m serious , pepper .
see , that s why i like you , pepper .
tomika and jaylas smiles and eyes widened as they stepped into the warm , golden glow of lights nested in the roof of each of the stories of various shops and restaurants in the closely united shopping area of the terminal , but jina found her delight in the trading of texts with pepper .
but for like half of our visit here , you ve been texting with pepper .
anythings got ta be better than dealing with people who threaten to sue cause they do nt have enough banana peppers on their freakin sandwich on a daily basis .
its like what does pepper have that i do nt ?
with a slew of bags brimming with the green of fresh vegetables in tow , jina and pepper boarded an elevator on mercury mall 's second sub - level floor to travel back up to the ground floor .
i know that you re not totally on board with my pescatarian diet , jina , and like i said before : that s totally cool , pepper said , but i promise that you re gon na love this dinner .
jina chuckled and pepper snickered .
the elevator doors parted and jina and pepper stepped out of the enclosure .
suddenly , out from behind decorative shrubbery nearby , jayla darted up to the couple and gave pepper a push to the side .
i ca nt stand to see you with pepper , jina , she said aloud .
as jayla walked on about her way , pepper shot her some scorn in her passing .
she gave pepper a peck on the lips .
its nothing , pepper .
jina and pepper arrived at jinas house and parked the car in the garage .
oh , my god , pepper , are you still worrying about that ?
mr . and mrs . connor , these are my friends and my family : my older sister angie and her son joey , my other sister reilene and her husband ren , and their daughters amanda and chavon , my daughters tomika and jina , tomikas boyfriend marc , my neighbors jeff and felicia , and their daughter and jinas girlfriend pepper , and my best friend steffennie .
i got how important weddings were to you from when pepper moved in .
i only ask cause pepper kinda confessed to me how she wished she had said something when her dad and felicia got married .
` ` i usually want salt and pepper and lots of butter on a baked potato . ` `
he smelled the food , a chicken dish laced heavily with pepper .
she was also going to need some salt and red pepper .
would you like salt , pepper , or tabasco sauce ?
he also bought eggs packed in cornmeal , salt and pepper , and some baking powder .
a little pepper spray might do him good , the other cop muttered .
craig , a 63 , gangly 40 - year - old man with salt and pepper stubble is crouched down with a newly lit cigarette in his mouth .
i quickly wiggled off the counter and grabbed the coarse sea salt and pepper grinder , giving the dish its finishing touch .
tokyo , london , paris , demonstrations broke out at the same time , the local police deployed water cannons , pepper spray to drive away , but the believer had some unknown secret weapon for protection , police obviously incompetent force .
another policeman was kicked , other officers immediately surrounded a middle - aged , one come up with a baton , there was also a hand - held transmitter similar to pepper spray .
there throwing water bottles , there 's stoning , forced the police exhausted , dispatched cavalry block , also used pepper spray , batons situation under control .
he had put too many black pepper and garlic on his porridge and even poured fish sauce in it .
the doctor was average height , mid - forties , with short , curly salt and pepper hair .
alongside , white chicken breast and bloody burnt beef steak seasoned with salt and pepper laid flat on plates .
the salt and pepper jar clattered inside the metal holder .
the accessory pack also contained salt , pepper , instant coffee , sugar , non - dairy creamer , four cigarettes ( in a little cardboard pack ) , matches and toilet paper .
he finally found one that sold fruits and fresh vegetables and an assortment of dried peppers and jerky .
like a handful of black pepper thrown into an already overdone stew , those wish - they - were prospector boys choose that moment to make an appearance .
three main spices : salt , pepper , and ketchup god , country and football .
wish i had some onions , bell peppers and stewed tomatoes .
more lectures about bear bells and pepper spray , greg ?
maybe it was all just a way to make up for a career of showing campers and staff his bear bells and pepper spray , and a job that had him ripping parking tickets and checking fishing licenses .
they needed spices ; salt , pepper , something to hide the lack of flavor in the low quality vegetables .
maybe a little more pepper would do wonders , or some cumin .
his salt and pepper hair was thin on top , with a scant ten strands flipped to the side .
they healed you , said vinny , scratching his head through his salt and pepper hair .
a hint of pepper lingered on his palate , the perfect match to the steak he had just finished .
the chef stared almost disapprovingly at gisbo as he cut up all the meats in one big pile and covered it with sauces that should nt be mixed and loaded on the salt and pepper .
a transit officer came running over from a coffee shop , arms swinging loose at his sides , alert eyes tracking left and right , as he assessed the situation , his hand hovering over the canister of pepper spray on his belt .
ill have to go ask lapo if he s got anysalt and pepper , habala said , hesitating as she glanced over at her son .
he handed one to jack , who was in the process of trying to find the salt and pepper shakers .
one of the two jacks from the animal shelter was a black with white points , and the other was full brown , so the names pepper and cocoa were proposed .
jed gorski was a short , healthy man of forty or so years , with close - cropped salt and pepper hair , and apparently was prone to show his emotions .
mcgrady 's face was wrinkled , his hands heavily calloused , but his eyes were soft and friendly , which matched well with his salt and pepper hair .
the colorful bodies of several more maidens pepper the beach .
he savored the affection , but his human hand against her silver pepper fur impressed upon him the fact that he was her mate no more .
this one is full of pepper , he commented to valentino .
he ran his long fingers through his salt and pepper hair .
ill get you some police - grade pepper spray .
she did pocket her pepper spray , but knew it would offer little , if any , protection against a belian .
she put her free hand in her jacket pocket , fingered the pepper spray there .
she reached into her jacket pocket , found the pepper spray .
she eased the pepper spray higher in her pocket , adjusted her grip .
kara lunged forward , bringing the pepper spray out and up .
the orange sun hung low on the horizon as it came alongside the pier , the captain manoeuvring the ship close before shouting down with a carrion smile that he carried black pepper , nutmeg and opium from the holy land , which he would be willing to trade , for the right price .
before i could devote an appropriate level of attention to adding salt and pepper to my fries , drew leaned close , settling one hand on my sleeve .
the salt - and - pepper policeman took it on himself to stop the ruckus , running through the halls and plowing over people himself to get at the running musician .
she let me help her scramble them , we added cheese , ham , salt , and pepper , and they are so yummy !
he was an older man , salt and pepper hair seeming to defy gravity as his hairline receded while his beer gut had long since lost that fight .
my pepper spray and rosary were in my purse .
fifteen salt , pepper , and hot water normally serve to break a spell .
i have a charm here somewhere that 'll wake him up without soaking him and getting salt and pepper water on the floor .
i did n't want to explain salt and pepper water to sean .
i came back into the waking world with salt and pepper water up my nose .
her salt and pepper hair was pulled back into a tight bun .
his salt and pepper hair curled in an unruly way about his head that perfectly complemented his bushy beard .
after i was done , i grabbed his pistol , his pepper spray and taser .
every last one of them that i could see looked to be geared like a sweep team , not rent - a - cops with batons and pepper spray .
all jesse could tell was that he wore a moustache with a neatly trimmed salt and pepper goatee .
a greasy , pepper haired man in a tattered pair of brown capri pants and a dirt stained tan shirt was looking down at her with a malicious intent ingrained in his heavy brow .
he knew that she did nt like cooked dishes a great deal to start , let alone a botched stew that was overbearingly laced with hot pepper salt .
he was heading toward retirement age but had retained a full head of thick hair more salt than pepper , the face beneath it lined and tanned with sharp eyes and a mouth suited to the dour seriousness of his profession .
he was over by the donkey shelter with his broad back to her , giving pepper some wanted attention .
she took out her pepper spray and her exacto knife and waited against the wall .
she hit the trigger on the pepper spray as soon as the ski - mask came into view .
black boots , black gloves , deep maroon bodysuit with curves in all the right places and a plunging neckline designed by pepper , the greatest suit designer in history , may he rest in peace .
prices of indian lapis lazuli would soar , and of pepper and faience too .
they were standing by a stall selling herbs and spices from the east , including tiny pots of pepper for a silver ring each .
odysseus knew it was no good haggling over that price : pepper was , literally , worth its weight in gold .
but while the sellers were there you could buy things at half their usual price ; saffron from the east , powdered ivory from egypt , lions teeth and tiny clay pots of pepper .
meliza had stopped isander buying one of those until she could check that it really was pepper inside , and not dried bat guano or something just as vile .
and there was no pepper to be found at all , not in any of the stalls in the agora or the back alley markets either .
he seemed to have a taste for pepper , and meliza would live on it if she could .
dozens of fur balls running around in circles rubbing their eyes as if shot with pepper spray .
if it did nt , we d be fighting a lot of angry fur balls without having the advantage of pepper spraying them first with silver dust .
i am forced to boil hosiery all day , and then when i am finished i have to garnish them with pepper and eat them .
ah , yes , vindy admitted , but it would have looked spectacular if i had nt have bumped into that large pepper pot .
over - easy with added pepper , quaked chef buttonmushroom , the barons personal cook .
now , if i could just have a lick of you then i will know if you need salt and pepper or maybe you will taste delectable just the way you are , the cat said as it drew back on its haunches .
he was busy pulling out a plate , a salt shaker and a pepper shaker .
i select stir - fri noodles , king prawns , garlic , onion , red pepper , and a hot chilli pepper .
i select stir - fri noodles , king prawns , garlic , onion , red pepper , and a hot chilli pepper .
what s pepper ?
leave a chili pepper with each dead man , so that our little brothers know it was not bandits who did this . ''
` ` you , deep voiced spirit , you want a fried egg , with a green pepper perched on the yolk .
the roast flesh of ceh , the red deer , and haleu , the paca , was served with much chili pepper , and there were many vessels filled with the stewed flesh of kitkit'ot , the snapping turtle .
do you guys have dr . pepper ?
ill take a dr . pepper as well .
the second picture was of one sprite and one doctor pepper bottle .
a big , red , neon a ; one sprite and one doctor pepper bottle ; a dumpster .
yeah , ill take a dr . pepper .
i always get dr . pepper when i go out .
she got a sprite and i got a dr . pepper .
i also had a disposable set of salt and pepper that i had purchased a few months back , thinking we might use them on a picnic .
using a mortar and pestle he grinded red pepper into the mix ; a salve for pain .
the servant found him draped over his chair , mixing the pepper into cream .
she discovered salt on a breezy afternoon , discovered pepper over a long weekend .
and this youth was first of all mankind to catch a fish , prepare a fish with some salt and pepper and serve fish grilled .
` ` baked chicken breast with grilled asparagus and sweet bell peppers , '' meredith smiled .
his eyes were coal , his hair salt and pepper , his body straight and solid like an antenna braced against the sky .
an odd looking man with a shiny bald pate and well - trimmed salt and pepper beard walked beside beth .
ah , what you have before you is a lightly seared goose foie gras , served with black pepper and sea salt , accompanied by some beluga caviar from the caspian sea .
our food arrived quickly , grilled filet of beef served with creamy garlic potatoes and fresh vegetables , red wine and shallots reduction for him , and house made raviolis in roasted tomato and pepper sauce for me , and we settled into comfortable chatter as we ate .
do you like ham and pepper jack cheese with a little bit of mustard and some mayo on wheat ?
intendingnot just thought , not just a remembering , rather an imaginingimagining oneself as fuller ... robust , as in one place with more than one presenceevoking this through skin : the skin shared with the earth : the skin of airso a fragrance of one within the threesome : alicias slight muskiness , her love of animals and her delight in splashing musk over her lover and lovers , this carried in a treasure of cloth , a scapular beneath a blouse , sniffing and calling forth her insights , her imaginingsthe skin of sighther way of looking , janet the potter : throwing the world into shapes and forms , always moving from a days encounter with a thought , a vision , an embrace and re - visioning in clay : wearing earrings , necklaces , brooches that she fired , touching them to make her present ... the skin of tasteannas way of cooking : you re sweet potatoes , karen , and the merriment becomes contagious , anna and karen having shared a night together , all now knowing annas imagining : her licking of karens skin , licking her as if collecting her inner essence which seeps up : rises like a broth , so anna proclaims : her method , her way , a taster , with cooking imagination ... so she has janet mold amulets of food : sweet potato for karen , tomato for miranda , chili pepper for red fox , and as the amulet touch lips , the fullness intensifiesthe skin of skin : the lovers recall , what two had shared together , exchanged , ripped from each other and then re - clothed , just to touch the fingertipsa kiss , a sniff , a pressing upon a cheek , and the moment is reimagined : intended .
was it pepper spray is more effective or did you say something about screaming and making noise ?
gregory bore all of it with dignity , even as zach and pepper snickered .
if strongfist 's face remained passive , as if the dracon were ordering a salver of pepper fry instead of the imprisonment of the draconess .
he was certainly a handsome specimen , muscular as a beech tree , with an interestingly asymmetrical , well - lined face and a salt - and - pepper beard , closely trimmed .
have you come to rub hot pepper into every wound i have ?
the pepper gas capsules and the smog they beat the activists again .
as soon as the pepper gas touches on her skin , she turns the fish bazaar .
police use pepper gas on protesters , hungarian gypsies play violins , two old drunkards approach some peers horny .
he twinkled his feet , as he thought of the meat , of pepper , and punch galore ; and he tripped unaware on his slanting stair , and like a meteor , a star in flight , ere yule one night flickering down he fell from his laddery path to a foaming bath in the windy bay of bel .
shadow figured he 'd learn soon enough what wednesday was up to , whether he wanted to or not , and so he prowled the liquidation aisles , staring at the things for sale : boxes of coffee ` ` for use in airline filters only , '' teenage mutant ninja turtle toys and xena : warrior princess harem dolls , teddy bears that played patriotic tunes on the xylophone when plugged in , cans of processed meat , galoshes and sundry overshoes , marshmallows , bill clinton presidential wristwatches , artificial miniature christmas trees , salt and pepper shakers in the shapes of animals , body parts , fruit , and nuns , and , shadow 's favorite , a ` ` just add real carrot '' snowman kit with plastic coal eyes , a corncob pipe , and a plastic hat .
he went through his jars and spice - bags hurriedly and brought out a jar of ground red pepper , a few pinches of which laurence had seen him use to flavor an entire cow .
however , they were now properly in the soup : several more pepper - guns had made their appearance amid the french guns since that morning , and long - range mortars were being dug into place all around .
so , there 's never any salt and pepper or butter . ''
they had pepper spray and a taser , but as long as zoe sang , they could n't concentrate long enough to use them .
i capped the pepper sauce and began mushing up the omelet to my satisfaction .
she bit into it - it was seasoned with just the right amount of mayonnaise and pepper .
there 's certain fluidity to it as a condiment ; you can add pepper , cilantro , and onion according to taste , chop everything fine or leave it chunky .
i wish i had some mace , pepper spray , anything .
i had a steak with pepper -- ate all of it .
the bathroom necessities went into the side pockets , and after a second she put in the collapsible combat baton that jazz had given her as a partnership gift , and professional - strength pepper spray .
the resograph exploded , turning the roof into something like a pepper shaker .
but here 's an interesting fact , four families live in a salt shaker and we use the pepper pot for storing grain . '
' i should n't think the trombonist is very happy either , ' said glod , putting some pepper on his rat .
he also had the salt , pepper and mustard pots in front of him .
' or ` ` that 's a bit of a sauce '' , or i bet you 're all trying to think of somethin ' silly to say about pepper .
bring me ... let 's see ... twenty pints of lager , some pepper vodka and a bottle of coffee liqueur !
mr groat took a measured spoonful of tincture of rhubarb and cayenne pepper , to keep the tubes open , and checked that he still had the dead mole round his neck , to ward off any sudden attack of doctors .
the woman , her bangles jangling , carefully arranged a few slices of pepper across the plate and sprinkled it with a dark green sauce that mort was afraid he recognised .
' it says here you need black pepper and sea salt , but- ' ' you 're supposed to fight the bloody things , not eat them , ' said conina .
' now pass me a piece of red pepper .
` ` with just a bit of salt and pepper , you ' ve got a meal fit for a k- '' ` ` do n't even say it , '' warned colon .
gong su was enlisted in the cause , and all but emptied his spice cabinets , making especially vigorous use of his sharpest peppers ; much to the intense disapproval of the herdsmen , who were rousted from a post usually requiring little more than dragging cows from pen to slaughter , and set to stirring pungent cauldrons .
here they let him rest , and brought him the choicest cuts from the dinner which gong su had spent the day preparing to tempt the dragons ' appetites after their exertion : local cattle , fat and tender , spit - roasted with a crust of pepper and salt pressed into their flesh , as a flavoring strong enough to overcome the dulling effect of the illness on the dragons ' senses , and stuffed with their own stewed tripes .
` ` perhaps the red pepper - corns , '' temeraire offered , ` ` or maybe the green ; i do not quite remember , '' he said apologetically , as gong su consulted his spice - box at length in attempts to reproduce the former recipe .
there are twenty - four - pounders there ; not to speak of pepper guns , and a full formation .
` ` and damn the bloody savages , yes ; we can not hit a one of those beasts , as high as they are keeping , even with pepper - shot ; they will have the walls down soon if the place does not catch , first .
an older scrap of a woman dressed in head - to - toe black paced in front of the windows , her salt - and - pepper hair perfectly in place .
she did n't know whether i wanted green or red peppers .
eve 's box was the size of a large shoe box and it was filled with a haphazard collection of items ranging from some type of pepper spray to lip balm .
as far as i knew , we had no guns , no pepper spray , and probably nothing bigger than a kitchen knife .
' salt , mustard , vinegar , pepper ? ' ?
salt , mustard , vinegar , pepper ?
' salt and pepper ? '
' i think i remember salt and pepper pots , sir . '
' that 's the pepper , sir , ' said carrot helpfully .
the waitress came up with our food then , and we took the little ritual of spreading napkins and using salt and pepper to regroup .
an old ` ` race for the cure '' t - shirt covered the little canister of pepper spray clipped to my pants .
i flipped open the little holster and eased the canister of pepper spray out of it .
she - ` ` ` ` she pulled your truck over to the sidewalk , dragged you out , and made you stand in a row in front of her so she could squirt you with pepper spray ? ''
that was exactly the wrong thing to do , according to the booklet that came with the pepper spray .
if i had n't had my pepper spray , or if the sheriff had n't intervened , by this time i 'd have a broken jaw , or some fractured ribs .
i shrugged and added a little more pepper to my last bite of eggs .
even the salt and pepper shakers were in their places .
without naval support , even a full french heavy - combat wing would not risk a strafing run with the sharpshooters always ready in the tops and the harpoon and pepper guns primed upon the deck .
the french were keeping at a considerable height , some nine hundred feet above the surface of the water , well out of range of even the longest pepper guns .
nothing had changed , regardless of his origin , whether he 'd been grown in a pot like a chili pepper or popped bloody and screaming out of his mother 's womb .
the other two were mundane moments - first , bathing in a hotel in mexico city before going off to a brothel , and second , a meal of river fish encrusted in black pepper he 'd eaten shortly after his arrival on s ? o paulo .
she glanced up from the menu she 'd plucked from a little collection of them filed between the salt and pepper shakers .
the cilantro , fish , and hot pepper smells of the vietnamese cooking engulfed them before they reached the door .
at fifty - two with salt and pepper hair , dan might have been attractive at some point , but the constant disdainful sneer robbed him of any appeal .
asked the pepper pot in marcia 's voice .
the pepper pot persisted .
silas asked the rat , who was staring at the pepper pot and for once seemed lost for words .
` ` yes , '' said the rat , unsure whether to answer silas or the pepper pot .
he went for the pepper pot .
` ` today 's soup , '' the server continued , ` ` is a delightfully seasoned prawn bisque with a hint of pepper .
red hot snakes , covered in pepper and hot sauce , grating against her insides while they writhed over and around each other .
` ` red pepper is nice , '' said the lecturer in recent runes , happily .
it consisted of salt , three types of pepper , four types of mustard , four types of vinegar , fifteen different kinds of chutney and his special favourite : wow - wow sauce , a mixture of mature scumble , pickled cucumbers , capers , mustard , mangoes , figs , grated wahooni , anchovy essence , asafetida and , significantly , sulphur and saltpetre for added potency .
he looked up , holding a salt shaker in his left hand and a pepper shaker in his right .
rolling her eyes at branna 's back , iona added the salt and pepper , started the butter .
seated across from her was a brawny , handsome older man with salt and pepper hair .
` ` red pepper bistro ? ''
` ` no red pepper bistro then . ''
` ` she has a talon missing from her left rear leg , and she is blind in the right eye : we gave her a good dose of pepper back in the battle of the glorious first . ''
fortunately their aim was off : the ball struck his shoulder instead of his face , and the best part of the pepper scattered down harmlessly into the sea ; even the remainder was enough to set the poor fellow sneezing , blowing himself ten lengths back at a time .
the gunner shook out perhaps half the pepper and opened the locked box of flash - powder , taking out a single paper twist and sealing the box again .
` ` it is not bad , with a great deal of pepper , and perhaps more of those roasted onions , '' he said after tasting , now grown particular .
temeraire would have given a great deal for a delicious elephant , seasoned with a generous amount of pepper and perhaps some sage , but iskierka was never to be encouraged in anything whatsoever .
hands still smelling faintly of pepper and spices , she made her way down to the lowest level of the tower , to the novices ' dining hall beside the main kitchens .
the soup was indeed spicy , and it tasted as much of pepper as it had smelled , but she did n't mind .
the cooks used so much pepper it was almost sickening .
eamon asked , and applied a little black pepper to his salad .
omnia has a black pepper base , you know . ''
omnia 's base is black pepper .
it was so good - not just a sauce but a thick pottage of lentils and soft cooked beans and pepper and spices .
if we fail three voyages in a row , we 'd as well close down the company and just buy pepper and spice outright from the damn 'd hollanders .
remember lancaster cargo 'd wool down to the islands on the first two company voyages , thinkin ' to swap it for pepper , and discover 'd for himself what i 'd guess 'd all alonga tribe of heathens sweatin ' in the sun have no call for woolen breeches .
well , ' t is to trade wool for pepper and spice , simple as that .
and to ship home with cheap pepper .
now we can buy all the pepper we like down in java and sumatra , but they 'll not take wool in trade .
but now the idea 's come alongi hate to admit ' t was george elkington first thought of itthat we try swappin ' wool for the cotton goods they produce in north india , then ship these south and trade for pepper and spice .
and this place they made the collection point for all the pepper , spices , jewels , dyes , silver , and gold they have plundered from us .
through the levant company , english traders could at last buy spices directly at tripoli from overland caravans traveling the persian gulf and across arabia , thereby circumventing the greedy venetian brokers who for centuries had served as middlemen for europe 's pepper and spices .
we use spice in england , to be sureclove , cinnamon , pepper , even ginger and cardamombut they 're intended mainly to disguise the taste of meat past its prime .
the voyage will post a fortune in pepper .
the butterbox hollanders will be buying pepper from the east india company next year and cursing captain brian hawksworth .
we ' ve enough cotton laded now to fill the hold with pepper in java .
they put in at india 's northern port of cambay , where they laded india 's prized cotton , or sailed farther south , to india 's port of calicut , where they bargained for the hard black pepper of india 's malabar coast , for ginger and cinnamon from ceylon .
indian and arab vessels no longer could carry spices , pepper , copper , or ironthe richest cargo and now the monopoly of portuguese shippers .
yet he kept the most beautiful tract for himself ; one hundred sixty acres atop a plateau dotted with pear and pepper trees .
before leaving paula handed angelina a small pepper spray vial and instructed her that if she left the house for any reason she was to have it on her , as well as her cell phone .
paula took the safety off her pepper spray in case she would need it and picked up her cell phone from the backseat , confirming it still worked .
paula slowly reached into her purse and felt the cold pepper spray can in her hand .
she thought about the pepper spray and cell phone in her backpack and realized she did nt have the courage while being faced by a man with a gun to try to pull either out .
david turned as remy and madeleine emerged from the space between his house and lucilles , each yelling and laughing at the other , with pepper barking at both of them .
onions , garlic , a green pepper , a red pepper , basil , a can of coconut milk , a can of chicken stock , a small can of curry paste , chicken , lettuce , and two bottles of gewurztraminer .
onions , garlic , a green pepper , a red pepper , basil , a can of coconut milk , a can of chicken stock , a small can of curry paste , chicken , lettuce , and two bottles of gewurztraminer .
the weathered face was complimented by an almost full head of salt and pepper colored hair .
the man looked to about five foot ten inches tall with salt and pepper hair above a rectangular tanned smiling face .
deciding she must intervene with the baby , she roamed into the wild to collect fever leaf , black pepper and wild honey .
today , he come 's back in a pepper pot and lands her on a sixpence !
his hair was curly , with salt and pepper coloring and appeared as if it remained plentiful .
hot pepper newport , july 5 , 1902 herman , i yelled over the cacophony of pots and pans , grilling fowl and fish , and the troops cooking the vast meal .
amongst the tea , pepper and tin of pineapples was a packet of oreo biscuits and a tin of dr . charles face powder .
the salt and pepper haired man fidgeted in his sabots .
unwrapping it , he found a packet of rice , some brown sugar , a packet of salt , another of pepper , a shirt , a box of waterproof matches , a lens from someones glasses , a machete and a straight razor .
a half block away a large black woman stirred a simmering pot as she yelled , pepper pot , its right hot and the best i got !
come buy my pepper pot !
bob ran to the pepper pot soup vendor and stuck his face over the steaming kettle , which was kept warm by a bed of glowing embers constantly fed with wood chips .
bob gulped down his cup of pepper pot soup and took along another for the walk to the livery .
as mister dalton reads , i write : one ton coal ten barrels , pickled beef ten barrels , salted fish twenty sacks , corn meal three casks , rum eight barrels , ale five barrels , apples one crate , coffee three crates , tea twenty sacks , flour two crates , pipe tobacco five baskets , eggs one barrel , salt six barrels , sugar three barrels , molasses two four - pound tins , pepper mister dalton and i spend two and a half hours putting down the list of supplies , and i fill about half the journal .
i have sent , along with this letter , winbert 's copy of the universal history against the pagans , as your failing eye - sight and successful scholarship require ; also , a few affectionate gifts of spices : small measures of nutmeg , dill , pepper , sugar , and cinnamon -- to assist ( if only slightly ) in your struggles with german meals .
grumbling , max rooted through his saddlebag filled with packets of saffron , turmeric , pepper , and other exotic spices he had hoarded and brought from the east .
landenberg was a large man with a rounded salt and pepper beard and the soft , blackened teeth of a noble who had eaten too much white bread .
the romans came bringing gold and wine in return for spices like pepper and ginger .
gel sparingly went into his thinning salt and pepper hair and he finally came out of the bathroom just as maggie was waking up .
the best she could do on short notice was a bottle of pepper spray .
i gave that bitch , vanessa black , a taste of this pepper spray and she went alldemony ?
ann had her pepper spray ready .
serenity put the plate of chicken and potatoes onto a tray and added cutlery and a small salt and pepper shaker .
they d be doing us all a favor if they just put cyanide in the salt and pepper shakers .
empty salt and pepper shakers sit next to moldy cans of parmesan cheese .
during the last two days he d struggled against the urge to purchase a combat knife , stun gun or even pepper spray .
the bottom one held salt , pepper , and creamer , along with a dozen other small containers .
i had for dinner , or rather supper , a chicken done up some way with red pepper , which was very good but thirsty .
i dined on what they called ' robber steak ' -- bits of bacon , onion , and beef , seasoned with red pepper , and strung on sticks , and roasted over the fire , in simple style of the london cat 's meat !
in one corner stood a huge bag of wool , ready to be spun ; in another , a quantity of linsey - woolsey just from the loom ; ears of indian corn , and strings of dried apples and peaches , hung in gay festoons along the walls , mingled with the gaud of red peppers ; and a door left ajar gave him a peep into the best parlor , where the claw - footed chairs and dark mahogany tables shone like mirrors ; andirons , with their accompanying shovel and tongs , glistened from their covert of asparagus tops ; mock- oranges and conch - shells decorated the mantelpiece ; strings of various - colored birds eggs were suspended above it ; a great ostrich egg was hung from the centre of the room , and a corner cupboard , knowingly left open , displayed immense treasures of old silver and well - mended china .
neon signs flashed in the windowsa jack astors , a boston pizza , a bright green chili pepper for thai excite .
while working on her next upcoming publication , her guilty pleasures include salt - and - pepper flavored sunflower seeds and cold , home - brewed coffee with italian sweet cream ... though never at the same time because that would be yucky .
i grabbed some salt and pepper shakers off the tables i passed as i made my way into the kitchen .
she thought about that for a moment and told him that she had nt spent much time in middlebury and did nt know much about it except that there were a couple of really cute stores off the main road and that she had bought her mother a set of salt and pepper shakers that were supposed to be ufos according to the guy who made them and she believed that they could be ufos and that s why she bought them for her mother because he mother loved all things alien .
gil was nt that interested in salt and pepper shakers .
chubby and round , her cheeks were filled with a constant crimson hue and speckled with tiny black spots like a sprinkling of pepper .
shaped like a pepper pot , it both looked and sounded like a miniature science fiction robot ready to invade .
the makeup of your success has been really this : few grams of pepper i press to the rectum .
it was quiet , with only a few cars pulled up to the salt and pepper diner on the corner and a ups truck parked in front of the anderson used book store .
chapter four doors widowsfield march 14th , 1996 well look at you two , said the paunchy waitress at the salt and pepper diner .
grace rarely saw the two separated , and they were frequent customers at the salt and pepper diner .
the silhouettes of children in the mist focused on the salt and pepper diner .
the salt and pepper diner had been enveloped in the fog , and a brick had been thrown through the front door , shattering the glass .
fergus said , its ok , pepper !
fergus grabbed it and said , pepper !
hector slammed his billy club down repeatedly with one hand while reaching for his canister of pepper spray with the other .
but even tossing down dozens of stun grenades and canisters of pepper spray , and firing fully automatic weapons into the crowd did almost nothing to even slow down the flow of escaping inmates .
teeth bit down on his arm as he reached for a canister of combination mace and pepper spray .
the screams were obviously coming from inside the car and the agent slid the canister of pepper spray from his belt and clicked off the safety switch .
henry regained consciousness to the sound of his children screaming , he had n't even noticed the wolves as he struggled to release the seat belt , but when the pepper spray hit the pups a fairly large amount hit him as well .
he was still unsuccessfully attempting to wipe the pepper spray out of his eyes while turning to the back of the suv .
partly because from the light coming from the dvd player his red teary eyes ( caused by the pepper spray ) scared them almost as badly as his body being abruptly yanked back into the darkness .
it knocked the agent down and sunk its sharp teeth into the agent 's arm that had been holding the pepper spray canister .
her eggs had gorgonzola , mine extra pepper .
his salt and pepper hair was military short and yet still managed to be messy , and his army fatigues were rumpled and stained .
shed bought pepper spray , watched a dvd on self - defense .
she measured a teaspoonful of the light brown mixture and sprinkled it into a coffee mug that was printed with hot stuff and had pictures of chili peppers circling the outside of the cup lip .
monroe , a tall , clean cut man of thirty six with perfectly parted to the side salt and pepper black hair , began to explain to angels parents why their daughter was sitting in a jail cell on a saturday morning .
a pointy nose protruded from above a thinning salt and pepper mustache .
he had salt and pepper hair and grey blue eyes .
she had a 9 mm handgun , a can of pepper spray , a flashlight , compass , and whistle .
at the very least , you should carry pepper spray to ward off bears .
maybe i should be carrying more than pepper spray , if that s the case .
she had finally convinced celia to take off the ring and place it onto a spinning lazy susan in the center of the table between the salt and pepper shakers .
the man was about as tall as bonnie with salt and pepper hair , beard and mustache .
then others not so serious : a game room fire on pepper ave , a multitude of missing dogs seemingly from all over the neighborhood , repeated listings of night work at some power plant in the woods .
he would start to cook some vegetable and then realize that his kitchen was missing some of the basic ingredients like salt , pepper , or oil .
he carried pepper spray just in case he encountered any wild animals .
the pain got worse and karl saw something move in the bush and he got his pepper ready .
bob realized it was pepper spray and laughed .
bob used this to sneak out of the bushes and as hard as he could hit the arm holding the pepper spray and ran back into the bushes .
bob could see that the pepper spray bottle had rolled over .
we can handle things with just side arms , pepper spray , clubs , and stun guns .
she was squirting pepper spray directly into the mouth , eyes , and nose , of a hideously disfigured man .
his teeth were biting her wrist which made her drop the pepper spray can .
by the way , the pepper spray did n't seem to have any effect on whatever it was that was chewing on her wrist .
should a customer ignore the sign and attempt to confront milt directly , milt had two cans of pepper spray with which to remedy the situation .
hardly , dad said with a chuckle as he flipped back some wayward strands of his salt and pepper hair .
pringles ( whole grain ) , some beats ( bright red , indicating good taste ) , some carrots , whole grain flax bread , deli smoked turkey , some pepper jack cheese ( deli also ) , and a few health shakes , the kind that were meal replacements .
` ` well , we need sugar , flour , salt , pepper . ''
in the bathroom mirror an indian was staring back at him with dazed and haunted eyes , a battle - crazed indian with thin streamers of red paint drawn from holes no bigger than grains of pepper .
they were holding on that way , hands linked next to the pewter salt and pepper shakers on tom mccourt 's little kitchen table , when tom came back from the cellar with four flashlights and a coleman lantern that was still in its box .
in fact , randy said , arnie went after buddy repperton as if the devil had blown a charge of red pepper up his ass .
it was the rv she was seeing in her mind 's eye , all its tires flat ... the rv , and the purplefaced man back there in the ranch - house , his face tattooed with holes in pairs , holes so small they looked almost like flecks of red pepper .
he shook pepper onto his eggs and fell to with a will - his appetite had made a complete comeback , it seemed .
where is he , he promised he 'd be home by six - thirty at the latest , i got the roast he wanted down at pepper 's , eighty - nine cents a pound , now it 's cooked like an old boot , gray as wash - water ( only of course what the lady said was warsh - warter ) , if he 's down at the country way or the tap you tell me right now , sandy , so i can call and tell him what 's what .
instead of lecturing them , dave lines them up and begins playing his version of pepper with them .
coaldust sifted down on his hands like pepper .
the salt and pepper shakers fell to the floor .
the pepper shaker broke .
the best mill grinds slow but exceedingly fine , my mother used to say , and i ground away at this like a pepper mill in a chinese restaurant , thinking late at night while you snored and no doubt dreamed of how many pork - snouts you could get in a can of spam .
you 're s'posed to be unloadin em , not playin pepper with em ! ''
they 'll all look like somebody stuck flit - guns full of red pepper up thef'r butts , do you remember what you 're supposed to shout , babs ?
there are others , of course - a smattering , like a fistful of pepper thrown in a pot of salt , but not many .
she got her preserves , neatly labeled corn in her own careful blue script ( a slice of red pepper on the top of every one ) , and continued her inspection , even squeezing into the space behind the huge , multi - duct furnace .
now all they saw was a dotting of small holes , as if his palm and fingers had been sprinkled with grains of red pepper .
she put the pot on a large tray with silverware , two bowls , two plates , the salt and pepper shakers .
hap was in the garage bay putting a new tailpipe on tony leominster 's scout and vic palfrey was rocking back on a folding camp chair , watching him and drinking a dr . pepper when the bell dinged out front .
she sat in the shade of their pepper tree and ate a few fig bars .
' i have even considered , in my wilder moments , trying to hook him on drugs the way the character gene hack - man played in the french connection ii was , or driving him batty with lsd slipped into his dr pepper or whatever it is he drinks .
mary pulled a menu out of the bracket by the salt and pepper shakers , mostly so she would n't have to look at the frown - line between his eyes and the way his lower lip stuck out .
the ceramic salt and pepper shakers shattered like bombs .
then she leaves the rock where it is , like a headstone , and goes down to her fishing net and finds a medium - sized fish in it and takes the fish back up to the lighthouse , where she cooks it over a fire and eats it with salt and pepper .
we parted right , and we put up a marker for horace under a pepper tree where no one 's gon na bother it .
` ` mace , the gas , like pepper spray , you know the bear spray .
red looked like he was itching to use his pepper spray and i thought he was going to get the chance .
mandi took charge of the venture , arranging the practices at her house after school , where her mother would lay out after - school snacks of caramel popcorn and black pepper cookies and then disappear into the kitchen to nip on her vodka and ice tea .
a strange mode of procreation ; just a phone call away delicious thin - based cheese n tomato pepperoni with green peppers and mozzarella .
as the last cocktail stick rolled to a halt , nudging a pepper mill in the shape of a ballerina , breath invaded her lungs and she felt a stabbing pain in her breast , pulling herself from the bath in that instant and clawing at the towel mat , the towel on the radiator , stretching for her clothes .
or do you like rabbit shit and pepper ?
i wish we could hire both of you , but with the economy what is it , we could barely pay for my bonus and the riot police pepper spray charity we support .
oliver had put pepper into her tea .
the waitress arrived with two bowls of pho and several small dishes filled with garnishes including sprouts , green onion and chili pepper .
from the side table , i grabbed my pepper spray and a pack of gum .
he was well into his fifties , but could have easily passed for thirty if it was nt for the salt and pepper hair he proudly spent hours a day coifing in the various mirrors he would pass by [ most of them on purpose ] .
it was really her riot and she is one who got hosed down by the cops with pepper spray after they pulled her half - naked and screaming bloody murder off the deputy mayor with a good sized chunk of his hair as a parting gift .
and pepper !
the guard placed his hand on a can of pepper spray clipped to his belt .
joe b.s hand unconsciously went to the pepper - spray pen on his own belt , of course in its designated place .
our dolly 's come over all queer and the quack told her to take to her bed with a bottle of pepper 's finest tannin throat gargle so i ' m short - handed today .
the waiter reads back their order : '' so that 's two ham - hock terrines with red pepper and cauliflower piccalilli , one steamed shetland mussels with pancetta and pesto , and one partridge and mango roll with canteloupe melon , muscat and plum relish , followed by one pheasant breast with celeriac and potato dauphine , baked stone - grave figs , crisped parma ham and pan juices . ''
maybe shed just sprinkled it heavily with cayenne pepper or garlic .
the guard shrugged his shoulders and reached down to unfasten his pepper spray .
salt , 1 whole round onion , dash of pepper , 3/4 cup milk , 1 tbsp .
add salt and pepper to taste , and once the vegetables have softened , add the milk , and stop just before it boils .
salt , one - half round onion , pinch of pepper , 1 tbsp .
( 3 ) combine the ingredients from ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , adding the cream , salt and pepper , forming 12 patties .
salt and pepper were among the few things they had to buy .
you put pepper - oil on the root ?
it does nt say it has peppers , jimmy went on , but i got the breakfast skillet once at this other place and it had peppers .
it does nt say it has peppers , jimmy went on , but i got the breakfast skillet once at this other place and it had peppers .
it was delivered by bombshell and placed on the paper placemat that she had already methodically laid out with the bread - basket , salt and pepper mill and the cutlery in its neat little envelope also containing the serviette .
the bag of basmati rice , cumin powder , turmeric , low fat yogurt ( thanks to bea ) , ginger , cayenne pepper , lemons , onions , chicken , and butter crashed on the sidewalk .
i was awake now and there was time enough to cook , so i decided on a cheese , onion and pepper omelet .
i noticed that carlos made all the introductions as the client entered : mr . northumberland , a tall , tanned , trim man in his fifties with black eyes and pepper hair .
i said goodnight and put the salt and pepper shakers back on the kitchen table .
he had salt and pepper hair and wore a black turtleneck sweater and matching slacks .
when mars aligns with venus olive oil and seasonings 1 tablespoon dried basil 1 tablespoon chopped parsley 1 tablespoon minced garlic 2 tablespoons shredded parmesan , asiago , and romano cheese 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 teaspoon ground black pepper 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt 1/2 teaspoon chopped rosemary 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper 1/2 teaspoon olive oil combine all ingredients in a food chopper and mix .
the frothy foot lickers favorite game hen 2 cornish game hens 1/2 cup melted butter 1/2 onion , chopped 1/2 stalk celery , chopped 1/4 yellow bell pepper , chopped 1/4 red bell pepper , chopped 1/4 green bell pepper , chopped 1/2 cup chopped mushrooms 1 zucchini cut into bite - sized pieces 1 summer squash , cut into bite - sized pieces 2 cloves garlic , minced 1 tablespoon dried basil 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley salt and pepper to taste 2 tablespoons olive oil 3/4 cup melted butter , divided 1 .
the frothy foot lickers favorite game hen 2 cornish game hens 1/2 cup melted butter 1/2 onion , chopped 1/2 stalk celery , chopped 1/4 yellow bell pepper , chopped 1/4 red bell pepper , chopped 1/4 green bell pepper , chopped 1/2 cup chopped mushrooms 1 zucchini cut into bite - sized pieces 1 summer squash , cut into bite - sized pieces 2 cloves garlic , minced 1 tablespoon dried basil 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley salt and pepper to taste 2 tablespoons olive oil 3/4 cup melted butter , divided 1 .
the frothy foot lickers favorite game hen 2 cornish game hens 1/2 cup melted butter 1/2 onion , chopped 1/2 stalk celery , chopped 1/4 yellow bell pepper , chopped 1/4 red bell pepper , chopped 1/4 green bell pepper , chopped 1/2 cup chopped mushrooms 1 zucchini cut into bite - sized pieces 1 summer squash , cut into bite - sized pieces 2 cloves garlic , minced 1 tablespoon dried basil 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley salt and pepper to taste 2 tablespoons olive oil 3/4 cup melted butter , divided 1 .
the frothy foot lickers favorite game hen 2 cornish game hens 1/2 cup melted butter 1/2 onion , chopped 1/2 stalk celery , chopped 1/4 yellow bell pepper , chopped 1/4 red bell pepper , chopped 1/4 green bell pepper , chopped 1/2 cup chopped mushrooms 1 zucchini cut into bite - sized pieces 1 summer squash , cut into bite - sized pieces 2 cloves garlic , minced 1 tablespoon dried basil 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley salt and pepper to taste 2 tablespoons olive oil 3/4 cup melted butter , divided 1 .
rub olive oil all over the hens and season each with salt and pepper .
doug made me eat a really hot chili pepper once and it blistered my tongue and throat .
lucys spicy taco soup 1 - 1/2 pounds hamburger 1 large onion 2 tablespoons minced garlic 1 package taco seasoning 1 12 - ounce bag of frozen corn 1 16 - ounce can kidney beans 1 14 - ounce can diced tomatoes 1 14 - ounce can tomato sauce 1/3 cup chopped canned jalapeno peppers water to cover the above ingredients 1 cup sharp cheddar cheese in a soup pot , brown hamburger , onion , and garlic .
better than rexs stuffed shrooms 24 medium mushrooms 1 small onion 2 tablespoons butter , melted 1/4 pound bulk pork sausage 1/2 cup salsa 1/2 cup dry bread crumbs 1/2 cup shredded pepper jack cheese 1 .
top each with shredded pepper jack cheese and heat until the cheese melts .
he grimaced at the pepper before taking another bite of burrito .
he popped the whole pepper into his mouth , and almost immediately a bunch of little beads of sweat formed on the bridge of his nose .
life has given her salt and pepper hair and a few thin , shallow wrinkles .
the seeds resemble large black pepper corns , but black pepper they are not .
for the next two hours , the happy group did nothing but drink beer , pee , bet on beach volleyball , listen to the yankees / red sox game on the radio , smoke pot ( james and alex only ) , eat kettle brand salt and pepper potato chips ( james and alex only ) , and discuss the pressing issues of the day .
i found a retro diner salt and pepper rack and we bought that instead .
i rose so that the chair screeched on the stone floor and a pepper shaker on the table toppled over .
i spooned the last of the sawmill gravy into my mouth , and licked the spoon clean what a rapturous feeling you could experience just from the combination of flour , milk , pepper , and animal fat .
then they were doused in a blend of salt , pepper , and vinegar .
he told them the best dish was the one in which they sauted the julienne cut potatoes in corn oil with tomatoes , red pepper sauce , and garlic .
fifteen minutes after that the chef appeared with the platter of hot , mildly seasoned crab , sauted in butter , shallots , salt , and pepper .
mark wanted apple juice with a large cup of ice , jake wanted a red bull and a large dr . pepper .
i returned home , much to wrecker 's excitement , with two soft tacos for him and a pepper jack quesadilla and some fries for myself .
the ` ` rice bread '' was reportedly a holdover from plantation days , a concoction of eggs and cornmeal and rice and generally some spice they had n't yet identified ( red pepper seemed most likely ) and who knew what else ?
so i go out and the manager sees me put real pepper on the ball and he 's feuding with his prima donna pitcher anyway so he says ' let 's see what the kid 's got . '
you had the pepper . ''
the man , alfonso heymun y perez - carrillo , offered the teleoperator a cigar from la gloria cubana line , draped in ecuadorian sumatra wrapper , embodying a creamy core of coffee , oak , pepper , and toasty tobacco flavor ` ` i do nt smoke , '' said clarity .
we both pretend the granny smith and gaia salt and pepper shakers in the middle of the table are more interesting .
then again , students especially american students probably carried pepper spray , or knives , or guns .
he was adding other things now ; a bit of horseradish , some oregano , a little ground pepper .
edwardian blushed like a chameleon on a chili pepper and gazed straight ahead as he pushed the stroller .
just a little olive oil , salt and pepper .
olive oil , salt and pepper .
there was a natural upper limit to how much pepper could be put on those odd rubber balls only sold to schools , apparently .
he shook pepper on his hash browns .
instantly , i warned god that if rob hollis made one more positively disgusting neanderthal noise , i d shove that chipotle dip - filled red pepper right up his quivering , pimply nostrils , even if it meant ' my ' elegant hors doeuvre tray would suffer the embarrassing loss of a centerpiece .
` ` potatoes mashed with vinegar , garlic , white pepper , and paprika , '' he choked , his entire body shuddering as he attempted to hold back his next emotional collapse .
she yelled , placing the salt and pepper pots in her bag and lifting them out again .
he rummaged in an overhead cupboard for a pepper mill .
chorizo , sliced 6 chicken breasts , boned and cut into small pieces ground black pepper 5 oz ( 150 g ) onions , chopped 4 sticks celery , chopped 8 oz ( 225 g ) green peppers , chopped 1 tablespoon chopped garlic 1 pints ( 700 ml ) stock cayenne pepper 14 oz ( 400 g ) white long - grain rice heat the oil in a large , heavy saucepan and add the sausage .
cover with stock and add cayenne pepper .
i picked up the salt and pepper and handed both shakers to him .
i knew the next thing he would want would be the pepper .
pancho patted at the can of pepper spray in a pouch on his gun belt .
a stun gun collapsed ury and pepper spray made him squirm in agony .
ex - teacher jen 's hand was on the pepper spray but mine was on my gun .
i rang the pizza place up the block , pepperoni and banana peppers for pickup .
i think he cut that for pepper and they sort of threw it away as a single that went nowhere .
reaching into my bag , i pulled out a keychain of pepper spray .
armed with my pepper spray , i took the pathway leading toward the theater and music halls .
i took my finger off the pepper spray trigger .
i cursed myself for relying on a stupid keychain of pepper spray as my protection .
i saw the knife enter my back as i reached for my keychain , desperately hoping i could fend them off with the pepper spray .
phyllis : cynthia , i know you like dr pepper , so i stocked up on it .
he ate the eggs and toast , though he had a great deal of trouble concentrating on the food , while she made dutiful remarks such as do you require salt and pepper ?
my salt and pepper hair is thinning , my face is a dried prune , i m a bit stoop - shouldered and slightly bowlegged , not from lugging an overloaded mailbag , i can assure you .
without pepper or spice .
joe was relieved when thomas wife came in to invite them to file singly through the myriad rooms to the kitchen where she served corn and bean soup with bread and an herb that tasted like a mint and a hot pepper .
irene and i hung out in the kitchen making pepper jelly or canning vegetables .
margaret claymore of creative property management , inc . had taken him through the downstairs flat of the brownstone , joyfully pointing out everything from the new carpets ( salt and pepper shag ) , a new water heater ( sears - forty gallon energy saver ) and the sparkling off - white spray paint .
chop the pulp and mix it with roasted walnuts , garlic , salt and pepper , fresh oregano , olive oil and lemon juice for eggplant caviar .
if the same girl chose to drink , or live on french fries and sausage and pepper grinders , then more years would be subtracted .
they ate leftover thinly sliced pepper and garlic - covered grilled sirloin steak , beefsteak tomatoes with basil in olive oil and sherry vinegar , and the last of the marinated eggplant on the picnic table down by the waters edge .
raoul got up and wandered around the dining room putting salt and pepper cellars on a tray for refilling .
as soon as his fingers finish dialing , they rise to massage the ill - matched salt and pepper caterpillars above the ex - soldiers eyes .
the next day , frank is stocking a case of old colony pepper substitute when he hears willi tell a customer about his wife alines visit to boston to help out a cousin who has had a baby .
ddtallioni ca nt say the name w / out thinking of a brit clown with a pile of waxy red hair , a putty nose and a nasal accentbut it ai nt 2bgrandpere looks short , has a little pepper and a lot of salt haira nose that reminds me of the nozzle of a garden hoseis that a snozzle ? newman blue eyes and parenthetical lipsa chin likei ca nt think whatmaybe i expended too much of todays brief gift in seeing those thin dark lips as parenthesesrugged , sturdya massif of resolve , rectitude , even , probityddi hate writers who use body parts as a stand in for characterits just another debased phrenologyya got ta figure if physiognomy dictated character , then poe and lincoln , who look like brothers , should have more in common than the ability 2 turn a phrasei draw 2 fingertips toward tallions digitized picture 2 snap off a jaunty saluteu , sir , w / your blue oxford shirt and flaccid striped tie , are the betrother of my bloodu , sir , w / your sworn oath 2 uphold the sacred honor of the national association of realtors as u serve your fellow man , or since u profess 2 have a special interest in the real estate needs of this countrys seniors , the widows of this great land , are the blacksmith of the crucible of my fateu , sir , begat my mother , who , through no fault of her own , begat mei study your face , your eyes , your whole web page , looking for clues 2 my chemistryand , u sir , be forewarned , looking at u on a screen will prove 2 be inadequateu sir , just 80 miles away , shall meet your effect and consequencebye - o , dd .
the faintest tingle of pepper in the kitchen .
i got pepper spray , and ill use it on your ugly face if you come an inch closer , the girl said .
he did nt know what pepper spray might feel like on his ugly face , and he had no ambition to find out .
he was nt a big fan of pepper .
what if she was ready to make good on her threat to use the pepper spray ?
i know how to take care of myself , in case you ve already forgot about the pepper spray .
` ` oh , say , do you have any salt and pepper ?
i do n't know about pepper .
after considering for a few seconds , she decides to add a little cayenne pepper and a lot of mushrooms .
a solid head dressed in short salt and pepper hair with a narrow band of white skin separating a tanned neck and a recent haircut .
as the grandfather thought about his only granddaughter he dragged a hand across the salt and pepper stubble on his chin .
gene had been busy trying to get minced garlic , pepper and crushed rosemary to stick to a worcestershire coated pork loin .
noah rubbed down a slab of baby back ribs with salt and pepper .
i was nt too worried , i carried pepper spray and was cognizant of my surroundings and who was around .
from time to time , a certain phrase or smell sparks a moment of nostalgia , but whenever an element from my early childhood was later touched by the girl , thoughts of leather - brown eyes and lacy fringe overwhelmed the memory like too much red pepper on a slice of pizza .
that s the salt and pepper shaker .
mara pointed to the salt and pepper shaker .
the salt and pepper shaker stood at the tip of the shortest extremity .
in the stopped position , the salt and pepper shaker looked like a pair of upside - down mallets with a pivot in the center of the handles .
the salt and pepper shaker was behind us and to the left .
i m sposeda meet her at nine oclock by the salt and pepper shakers .
in the distance , a single ride was still dancing along the horizon ; the salt and pepper shaker , twirling , twinkling , still singing the game over sound as the carriages rose and fell with screaming children .
i watched as he returned from the salt and pepper shakers with a police escort at his heel , scuffing the pavement and wringing a neon hat between his fists .
eyewitnesses at the salt and pepper shaker claimed mara was the closest to danny at the moment of his death , but they never saw her touch him and claimed he walked by his own free will into the path of the ride .
she scanned it over and did n't find anything unreasonable on it except for something called ' lemon pepper ' .
` ` what 's lemon pepper ? ''
i grew up thinking that salt and black pepper were main spice stables and only occasionally would dried garlic , basil , oregano and cayenne pepper to be added sparingly to dishes being prepared because that was all my mother knew .
i grew up thinking that salt and black pepper were main spice stables and only occasionally would dried garlic , basil , oregano and cayenne pepper to be added sparingly to dishes being prepared because that was all my mother knew .
the flavors complimented each other and no one spice overpowered the other , especially the hot pepper .
three rolls of toilet paper , a huge wad of kleenex , a dozen or more tampons and pads ( she has a special key to unlock dispensers ) , 3 small ( former ) shampoo samplers filled with pink hand soap from a sink dispenser , napkins , straws , a few plastic forks , spoons and knives and handfuls of salt , pepper , relish , mustard and ketchup packets .
she had long salt and pepper hair rolled into a bun that was combed every morning , before being neatly pinned to the back of her head .
he was a short , but stocky man with salt and pepper black and gray hair , a dark vasallan complexion and a big belly like that of a bear that bunnu often liked to use as a pillow when they would lay out in the fields on a warm spring day .
a smiling face beneath soft , straight , salt and pepper hair greeted her .
in toms opinion adding expensive deli olives and roasted red peppers to the potato salad was a big improvement which also demonstrated that he could nt be completely bossed around .
dirt and asphalt speckled the raw patches on his arms like pepper .
and a dr . pepper .
she sits , waiting for breakfast , on the kitchen counter beside an oversized pepper grinder .
the rebel buddha has kept its doors and its kitchen open , and the dining room is three - quarters full with customers eating plates of moo goo gai pan , sweet and sour pork , pepper steak , and egg rolls .
the table is cluttered with bowls , cups , shakers , tins , plates and jars of strawberry jam , grape jelly , peach preserves , jalapenos , minced garlic , parmesan , monterey jack , crumbled sausage , bacon bits , shredded cheddar , cognac , prosciutto , cinnamon , tabasco , alfalfa sprouts , strawberries , raspberries , blueberries , blackberries , boysenberry jam , chives , capers , barbecue sauce , anchovies , ricotta , wheat germ , teriyaki , lemon curd , sun dried tomatoes , red eye gravy , caramel sauce , maple syrup , molasses , chopped onions , shallots , saffron , pineapple chunks , shredded coconut , salsa , chili peppers , bleu cheese , sardines , soy sauce , worchester sauce , shaved ginger , peanut butter , bourbon , pine nuts , peanuts , cashews , chocolate sauce , butterscotch , horseradish , half and half , brown sugar , goat cheese , ham , mustard greens , wild irish rose , mozzarella , black olives , black pepper , nutmeg , and honey .
the table is cluttered with bowls , cups , shakers , tins , plates and jars of strawberry jam , grape jelly , peach preserves , jalapenos , minced garlic , parmesan , monterey jack , crumbled sausage , bacon bits , shredded cheddar , cognac , prosciutto , cinnamon , tabasco , alfalfa sprouts , strawberries , raspberries , blueberries , blackberries , boysenberry jam , chives , capers , barbecue sauce , anchovies , ricotta , wheat germ , teriyaki , lemon curd , sun dried tomatoes , red eye gravy , caramel sauce , maple syrup , molasses , chopped onions , shallots , saffron , pineapple chunks , shredded coconut , salsa , chili peppers , bleu cheese , sardines , soy sauce , worchester sauce , shaved ginger , peanut butter , bourbon , pine nuts , peanuts , cashews , chocolate sauce , butterscotch , horseradish , half and half , brown sugar , goat cheese , ham , mustard greens , wild irish rose , mozzarella , black olives , black pepper , nutmeg , and honey .
the last items to be added were a canister of tea , a small bag of salt , some black pepper and several other spices that elizabeth said would be essential if she was to be able to cook decent meals for all of them .
he was surprised to find the crowded restaurant closely resembled an american lunchroom , complete with chrome - legged tables and chairs , a long soda fountain , shiny napkin dispensers , salt and pepper shakers , and a juke box playing swing .
in a glass , i put a spoon of malt extract ( for the b vitamins ) and dissolve it in a little boiling water ; squeeze half a lemon or a whole one , top with water and a dash of cayenne pepper .
the malt acts as food so you are not starving , the cayenne pepper ( or chilli ) increases your metabolism , creates healthy stomach and liver bile , allowing the lemon to eat fat cells and cleanse the liver .
trust yourself when deciding because my mum could nt have the cayenne pepper .
he sneezed from the overdose of pepper and wondered what it was masking .
her cheeks were still red , like she had eaten a chili pepper .
she called him , sure he d be up , feeding his dog chester , reading his three favorite newspapers and drinking tomato juice with freshly ground black pepper .
i dump my egg onto a plate , sprinkle it with salt and pepper and eat at the table before saying , she s probably not getting off as easy as you .
in the crease of one leg , between her pelvis and upper thigh where the elastic of her panties still left an impression , was a small mole the size of a grain of coarse pepper .
his age showed too , but his deepening jowls and salt and pepper hair just made him look distinguished .
in the night i lay on my bed , listening to the creaking walls of the house and the groaning of the pepper tree against isobels window .
there s enough melody and harmony packed onto an album like sergeant pepper to put many a classical score to shame .
i used sergeant pepper as an example because i knew he had been exposed to it .
i could nt make my sunday dinner without the pepper sauce and green seasoning delroy used to make for me !
we had back space that was big enough to hold a mango tree that we would raid every mango season ( nothing like pepper pots after school when the adults were nt home to stop us ) , a sestion ( an outside washing area ) , several clothing lines and a habitat for four mongrel dogs , rex , spotty ( who was afraid of clappass ) , our beloved anna ( who was murdered by a dog hater several years ) and teeca ( my favourite dog in the whole wide world ) .
lee attacked a huge pot of steaming potatoes , adding salt , pepper , and butter , then an extra splash of milk .
a beer , a plate of boiled ham seasoned with oil , lemon and black pepper , avas and an artichoke cut small and grilled .
i d fin - ished chasing down truck load sales of black pepper or developing a new burgher king seasoning .
god damn , how the hell am i gon na get 80,000 lbs of black pepper , delivered to mobile for $ 1.36 a pound .
pig salt and pepper shakers .
we could bring back things like vanilla , cinnamon , black pepper , and salt , just to name a few things that will make our lives more interesting .
the salt and pepper make the food better and a gift of diamond ring to wife makes the bed hotter ... !
michelle left again , and when she returned a short man with salt and pepper hair accompanied her .
hummus ground chickpeas , jalapeno pepper , lemon , parsley , garlic , a dash of olive oil and tahini , which is a paste prepared from sesame seeds .
she basted the pot roast in a kikkoman teriyaki marinade before slow - cooking the meat in its own juices with garlic and black pepper .
` ` fine , although i think the chef was a bit heavy - handed with the black pepper in the meatball gravy .
-i 'll make an omelette / you might be surprised i ' m not such a bad cook you just pick it up / never really saw myself as a domestic sort not when i was younger still do n't i guess / you just end up doing things we 're like water we 're liquid we just seep down into the cracks there 's nothing solid in our lives we just migrate just go soft and sink down / cheddar peppers onion tomato is that alright ?
there was no shortage of old spiritual iconography scattered about his house : paintings from the parables of old scripture adorning walls , porcelain salt and pepper shakers whose tops warped and extended into prongs shaped like the sacred claws of dasa in the middle of the dining table , statuettes of ancientand , in modern times , somewhat arcanegods in his puja area .
he had shaggy salt and pepper brows , in addition to the beard , it made him look as if he had just come from a hidden mountain cave .
salt and pepper hair , slight paunch , a face you could trust .
charlotte and mccoy invested the rest of mccoy 's money in four chipped drinking glasses and two barrels of taos lightning ( laced with pepper , tobacco and gunpowder ) .
you think they got dr . pepper in there ?
cindy returned while sarah went to the bar to buy another round of orange squash , a diluted fruit drink that tasted more like water than fruit and seemed a waste of money to two americans accustomed to coke , dr pepper , and root beer .
police officers surrounded each vehicle like killer bees homing in on their supposed enemy , each armed with a gun , a large baton , and pepper spray .
once the fire was established , she steamed a cup of whole grain rice and sauted onions and green peppers over the open flame .
mrs . wassermans eyes alternately grew inordinately large then squished tightly together as though someone had sprayed her with pepper mace .
good for you , pepper , i told him , glad that he was at least well - loved in his new home even if he had betrayed me in his abandonment .
mr . hardin , if you want to try something , i ve heard that if you rub a chili pepper on your joints that hurt , the pain will ease some .
they were invited inside , again and again , for cups of tangle - foot , chain - lightning , and bust - head , and potions of strychnine and cayenne pepper , all of which fiederling and johnson joyously accepted .
occasionally they caught shrimp , crab , or crawfish , and his mother would prepare them in a boil with cayenne pepper , potatoes , and corn on the cobs , a recipe she learned from her cajun neighbors .
after a tour of the neighborhood , after which my mom bought me a can of pepper spray and some toilet paper , we circled back to say our good - byes .
can i have some dr . pepper ?
this time , the corn was on the cob and when james ate it , he thought about how it did not just taste like the corn , it tasted like the pepper he sprinkled on it , like the butter he rolled it in .
he sat down at the table , his long legs stretching halfway across the kitchen , and immediately reached for my alice in wonderland and mad hatter salt and pepper shakers .
` ` next thing i saw was michael sprawled on the floor wearing nothing but a pair of black satin bikini briefs with chili peppers printed on them .
he inspected the mad hatter pepper shaker again .
' sergeant pepper himself ! '
chapter 12 : robert mcandrews , one last time ' we 're sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely hearts club band ... ' eventually , inevitably , the city drew robert mcandrews back ; as dusk fell its lights blazed fiercely across the park , blinking hypnotically .
chapter 12 : robert mcandrews , one last time ' we 're sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely hearts club band ... ' eventually , inevitably , the city drew robert mcandrews back ; as dusk fell its lights blazed fiercely across the park , blinking hypnotically .
looking at billy by his side , though , the words which came out were : ' we 're sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely hearts club band ... ' chapter 13 : the lonely hearts club ' somebody spoke and i went into a dream ... ' rita grinned as she told her sisters , ' you 'll be able to read about it in the paper , in the classifieds , if you do n't believe us .
looking at billy by his side , though , the words which came out were : ' we 're sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely hearts club band ... ' chapter 13 : the lonely hearts club ' somebody spoke and i went into a dream ... ' rita grinned as she told her sisters , ' you 'll be able to read about it in the paper , in the classifieds , if you do n't believe us .
looking at billy by his side , though , the words which came out were : ' we 're sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely hearts club band ... ' chapter 13 : the lonely hearts club ' somebody spoke and i went into a dream ... ' rita grinned as she told her sisters , ' you 'll be able to read about it in the paper , in the classifieds , if you do n't believe us .
and , i had a big ole bowl of buttered grits with pepper and some toasted bread that momma made fresh last night .
for terror spiced their souls just so , like pepper sprinkled over a favorite dish , and it increased his appetite as well .
the salt and pepper hair and beard that outlined his weathered face made me guess he must be pushing fifty .
race was already slopping sausage and bits of green pepper all over the bedanother reason to avoid overloading a pizzaso i grabbed him a towel from the bathroom to use as a tablecloth .
race acknowledged my joke with a slight , lopsided grin as he picked up an errant sliver of green pepper and tossed it toward the box .
willow turned the corner to the dining room to find that tommy , in the last sixty seconds had managed to unscrew all of the salt and pepper lids and dump their contents onto the table .
the collectible christmas shakers were now lined up in their empty glory , small to large , in the middle of the table , surrounded by heaps of salt and pepper .
he drove to marco 's and ordered a large pizza with bacon and green peppers .
he felt it would have been perfect chiefly because a ) he had never seen more than one or two customers in the place and b ) the salt and pepper shakers he had frequently noticed on the tables as he passed by , squat utilitarian things with chrome tops , would serve perfectly as markers on the map he was going to draw of his plan .
for example , he could put the saltshaker on one part of the map to represent himself , and put the peppershakeridentical to the saltshaker except that it had pepper in iton a different part of the map to represent ned .
additionally , if he recalled correctly , these salt and peppershakers had perfectly round bases , so after he had figured out exactly where he and ned ought to be at each critical phase of his planby manipulating the shakers through various configurationshe would have been able to use those very same salt and pepper shakers to trace perfect circles directly on the map .
he d never seen a lot of customers in this diner either and no doubt the salt and pepper shakers there would adequately serve his mapping needs as well .
( maybe not as perfectly as the salt and pepper shakers at the first diner ; but that diner was out of business .
it was open and there were a couple of little round tables inside where you could sit and drink coffee while you ate a donut or pastry or whatever , but there were far too many people coming and going and the tables were far too small to make any kind of a map on ; and besides , this guy , standing with his nose just inches from the window and craning his neck to look past some old guy sitting at the table in front , could nt see even a single salt or pepper shaker anywhere .
i m just looking for salt and pepper shakers , this guy thought .
but there were no salt and pepper shakers at all ( of course , who s going to salt or pepper a donut , for gods sake ? )
it was virtually deserted for one thing , and the smoking section was filled with big empty booths with large tables , each equipped with perfect , generic , salt and pepper shakers .
breezed right past ned , found an open dennys with an adequately large ( and available ) table with salt and pepper shakers that were practically made to order for his purposes ) but where had it ended ?
anything short of eggs , bacon , cheese , salt and pepper jammed into the bagel would have fallen short of expectations .
father hilliard raised his bushy salt and pepper eyebrows in a practiced , kindly manner .
he wears his salt and pepper hair a little long , and we both pretend not to see where its thinning .
my only weapon , a canister of pepper spray , was in my purse , which sat next to him on the bed .
his hesitation gave her just enough time to pick up the key chain from the counter and fire a shot of pepper spray from a red plastic dispenser on the chain .
he opened it and ran out chased by nicole , still armed with the pepper spray .
gavin picked up a nearly identical male , miniature salt and pepper schnauzer , also about two years old .
just then , a salt and pepper female schnauzer on a retractable leash charged duncan from the side .
can they sense they re about to be pepper sprayed ?
oriole took charge of the shotgun , fred had pepper spray plus the taser and they had the backup of a road deputy .
his salt and pepper hair , recently styled added distinction to his presence .
having smothered the generous platter with salt , pepper and vinegar , adams began gorging on the fresh from the fryer battered cod and chips .
she dumped the rest of the onion in the batter and then reached for the cayenne pepper .
pistol , expandable baton , pepper spray , handcuffs .
his salt and pepper hairline was receding , but there was still a heavy mane of hair .
sam was a very personable man in his mid - forties with salt and pepper hair and expensive designer glasses .
dinner that night was as usual bland and unappetizing ; chicken fried steak , mashed potatoes without salt or pepper and of course no butter , and green beans that were tasteless and had the consistency of rubber .
his salt and pepper hair ( the salt was premature ) was pasted wet against his head pulling the heat out of his body .
the mayor was a tall slender man , with salt and pepper hair , an imposing presence and that look of success .
he handed me a plastic menu from inbetween the salt and pepper shakers .
she found a small basket which she lined with a tea towel and filled with an assortment of peppers , ranging from mild banana peppers to a couple of scotch bonnets that she wrapped separately and labeled as extra hot .
she found a small basket which she lined with a tea towel and filled with an assortment of peppers , ranging from mild banana peppers to a couple of scotch bonnets that she wrapped separately and labeled as extra hot .
my dad was kind of a hot pepper nut .
i settled on a red pepper and garlic hummus and roasted mediterranean eggplant , and hoped for the best .
if i had seen these young men in dallas , i would have grabbed for my pepper spray .
i would have grabbed for my pepper spray right then and there , if i d had it with me .
agatha , with her short salt and pepper naturally curly hair , and wire rim glasses was still an attractive older woman .
our efficient and perceptive waitress had cleared our table so there was nothing other than the salt and pepper shakers with a drink menu propped up between them and our drink glasses .
i d tried the soap myself , but did nt like smelling like a giant pepper grinder .
i fumbled for my grandmother 's crystal salt and pepper shakers , moving them off to one side of the kitchen table so i could open the book we 'd stolen from the suffolk county courthouse .
dea deputy director ted cranston , a tall , conservatively dressed black man with salt and pepper hair , walked into his seattle office carrying an armful of paperwork , and was noticeably drained after meeting with the mayor .
when some pepper spray hit the atmosphere , dixie jumped up from her desk like she alone was the emt on duty .
dr . duesberg , now seventy years old , is still a handsome man with receding hair made of more salt than pepper .
she took the tongs , selected a smoked ham and pepper cheese sandwich and placed it next to the salad on her plate .
` ` so , '' june said from around a bite of hot - pepper green beans , ` ` you actually got to see the inside of clarkson 's house .
full salt and pepper beard , huge freckled biceps and hands like knots of gnarled cypress .
it smelled of black pepper , anise , bergamot , and something musky , myrh maybe .
she picked up a cube of pepper jack cheese and nibbled on it .
she flipped through the articles and read while she got out of bed and meandered her way to the kitchen , where she opened the refrigerator , pulled out a dr . pepper , and grabbed a banana .
like his wife , his salt and pepper hair could use some attention .
* * * mind you there are tons of variations for this recipe , like adding bacon bits , fresh corn kernels , jalapeo peppers ~ but whatever you do , do nt tell my mother i added sugar and pudding mix , cause shell have my hide !
combine the buttermilk , cornmeal ( self - rising ) , salt and pepper and whisk until smooth .
one did nt go without having pepper spray , tasers , and the heavy - duty bean bag gun .
i mean , i m not going to have to stomp on your instep and get out the pepper spray , right ?
harcourt , every inch the older debonair magician , stroked his salt and pepper goatee .
remembering what happened the last time she was on the fourth floor at night , she held up her pepper spray as she entered her office .
i knew there was no way i d be eating anything akin to a sausage and pepper combination anytime soonat least for the duration of my pregnancy .
if you and pepper decide to go snooping around , let me know .
kelly followed with a small suitcase , and pepper brought up the rear .
i ca nt help it , pepper .
buck likes the way i look , pepper said .
jackie and pepper started talking about tomorrows cookout , and their voices soon became a murmur .
i was swabbing the deck of a ship , cooking dinner for alan , and then playing scrabble with pepper and buck .
you ca nt search for strip clubs with a gps , pepper said .
when jackie and pepper were both busy , i was more aware of , and even embarrassed by , my aloneness .
wow , for looking like a dump , this place sure is hopping , pepper said .
when we finished our meals , pepper and jackie went out to the car while i stayed behind to see if there was someone i could ask about ruby .
i did nt want to keep pepper and jackie waiting too long , so i rushed over and interrupted .
going to figure perfect with pepper on wednesday would be the start of putting a stop to my binge eating .
i knew jackie and pepper would never give my number to anyone .
oh , man , this is really up there , pepper .
i was a freshman and pepper was a senior .
doug was the best - looking guy in school , and i could nt understand how pepper managed to snag him .
aunt bee showed up with a rum - soaked watermelon , but none for the kids , pepper said .
i cried something fierce , and pepper felt sorry for me , but i had an entire pie in my belly and she did nt .
i pulled a menu from between a bottle of parmesan cheese and one of hot pepper flakes .
i could nt start tonight , because pepper and i were going to figure perfect .
i already planned to skip out on friday to go to marietta with pepper and the kids , so i might as well call off tomorrow , too .
~ ~ ~ pepper was excited to try out the machines at figure perfect , but i was less enthusiastic .
i did nt know if she was rolling her eyes at me and my jiggling , or at pepper and her laughing , or both .
i had nt yet told jackie or pepper about my dreams .
before pepper could explain her rationale for not wanting her daughter to have goth fingernails , i intervened .
kelly , put your phone away , pepper said .
i remained seated at the nail station while pepper and kelly went in search of drinks .
after kelly said ew for the umpteenth time , and pepper shushed her for the umpteenth time , we opened a book with normal nails and pretty art .
they introduced themselves , and pepper and i indicated the designs we had chosen .
i did nt say anything , but pepper knew the dollar amount would give me a heart attack .
i wanted to go to marietta with pepper , because i believed there was a clue to paulas death there , but i also wanted to track down carol bristol - meyers and ask her how well she knew one of her bridesmaids .
by the time i worked my way back to the front of the cemetery , pepper and the kids were waiting for me on the sidewalk by the car .
that s enough , you two , pepper said looking at her watch .
yes , but i m not kidding , pepper .
ill go check on the kids , pepper said and headed for the stairs .
i m not trespassing , pepper said .
after jackie and pepper were in dry shorts , we apologized for intruding on carols day and thanked her for her hospitality .
jackie and pepper .
only jackie and pepper have it , and they ve been sworn to secrecy .
i looked over at pepper and hank and shook my head .
i was with jackie and pepper today .
i was shivering under the blanket pepper had thrown around my shoulders - partly from the shock of my encounter with stewie , and partly from the ice pack against my hip .
i talked with pepper , and she said the door was open , and i should walk right in .
there she meets jo , pepper , and jackie - local sleuths from two sisters and a journalist .
' do you want to grab the pepper from the spice rack over there ? '
1 tsp salt , some pepper .
i fill a backpack with snacks , bottled water , and pepper spray .
asks a pretty , middle - aged woman with salt and pepper hair .
i do nt often carry a purse , but tonight damon insisted i have one equipped with my cell and pepper spray .
he s wearing a gun and that baton thing and pepper spray .
the postman pulled his jacket to one side like a gunslinger , and moved his fingers tentatively along the pepper spray canister hooked to his belt .
the royal british legion organized it , he said hastily still gripping the pepper spray .
asked gia as she straightened the salt and pepper shaker and unfolded a dark green napkin shaped like a water lily .
happy camper tip # 11 herbed garden potato salad : in a blender , combine cup oil , cup cider or tarragon vinegar , 1 teaspoon of salt , 1 teaspoon onion powder , teaspoon garlic powder and teaspoon pepper with fresh parsley and basil leaves .
` ` you bake potatoes either in the oven or the micro , smash them down with a spatula , drizzle them with a little olive oil and salt and pepper and put them in oven until they get a little crispy .
then frannie directed donna to drizzle each potato with olive oil and sprinkle them with salt and pepper while she called larry into light the oven .
drizzle with olive oil , salt and pepper , and bake about 20 - 30 minutes in a 400 - degree oven until crisp .
a bowl of polished wax fruit decorated the tabletop , along with a pair of whimsical campbells soup salt and pepper shakers .
its on dark bread and a yellow pepper is hanging over the edges .
tears stream down my face , first the tears from the pepper spray , but then tears from deep down inside , down where i ve buried all those anguished hours when eileen and i were desperately trying to get pregnant and only succeeded in blaming each other , down in that subterranean vault where my broken dreams and caustic disappointments are piled in a heap , down where that shy and skinny little boy i m still loyal to hungers for attention .
' a creative block the proportions of black pepper to cayenne .
i was bent over , head in the fridge , hands full of green and red and yellow peppers .
the man had salt and pepper hair and he immediately unlocked the gate .
grilled lemon pepper asparagus and stuffed mushrooms . ''
do you have dr . pepper ?
mary beth left for a dr . pepper .
can i have a dr . pepper ?
that s because all you drink is dr . pepper .
you have dr . pepper ?
over six foot and rawboned , he had gunmetal gray eyes and a scruffy salt and pepper beard that made him look like a war weary tecumseh sherman .
i started to get up , and a tall man with salt and pepper hair wearing a gray - flannel suit walked past me .
three eggs , three slices of crumbled bacon , mushroom slices , green peppers , diced onions , a glob of sharp cheddar cheese sprinkled with italian seasoning and a shot of salt and pepper .
as i watched her draw near , i wished i d bought pepper spray or some other form of weapon .
then salt and pepper it all over , and quick fry it in butter .
well take three pepper sprays , i said to the clerk , and where are your stun guns ?
then i filled the pockets with ammo and the pepper spray , and put the rope with the whistle around my neck .
i had pepper spray , ammo , hand and foot warmers , and a thermos of tang .
a small wad of dough is rolled out like a piecrust , only smaller , then its filled with chopped carrots , potatoes , onions , ground meat , and a little salt and pepper .
i slowly opened my purse , passing up the stun gun with a pang of regret and wrapping my hand around the can of pepper spray .
i eased the pepper spray back into my purse and edged away from the group forming around onni , where he was still on his back .
i squirmed , wondering how a little shot of pepper spray could require hospitalization .
while cora mae gossiped with a few rummage sale stragglers , i checked my suppliesthe recharged stun gun in my purse , my weapon vest under my jacket , loaded with extra ammo for my shotgun , the pepper spray , and a swiss army knife i had found last week in barneys dresser drawer .
i did nt have my shotgun or the stun gun , only my pepper spray .
i chose that moment to reach under my jacket , yank the pepper spray out of my vest , and aim it at his face .
then i threw the pepper spray can in floyds face .
1 serving 2 slices of your favorite bread 1 cup milk 1 tablespoon of butter salt pepper pour milk into a pan and bring to a boil .
salt and pepper to taste .
he added pepper to the chili .
he was eating some reconstituted eggs , mixed with green pepper and pepperoni and fried into an omelet .
each table contained a stainless - steel tissue dispenser , a glass sugar container and glass salt and pepper shakers with battered aluminum lids .
she just laughed and advised me that if i was going to have an affair in a caf , to do it on a sturdy table and not to kick the salt and pepper shakers onto the floor .
she mixed a mix of cold pre - cooked vegetables , which included some carrots , beets ( yuk ) , potatoes , and green peas , then added a sauce of sour cream , cayenne , salt and pepper .
phil put pepper into his coffee , drawing the glances of a few refugees from the store .
i could have seen my reflection in his loafers , and not a hair on his dignified , salt and pepper head was out of place .
he was a fat man with a salt and pepper beard , in his late forties .
i pulled on an extra - large black golf shirt over my blue jeans , ran a comb through my salt and pepper hair , and poured the last from a pot of coffee into a to - go cup , and walked to the back of the house .
with pepper ?
she cut a pepper loaf in half for herself and carried it with her to the whiteboard .
do nt forget the red pepper , though ... is that grin meant to make me uneasy ?
when he took off the lid , chaz breathed in a blended fragrance of sesame oil , soy sauce , and red pepper .
once she started shoveling rice and bean sprouts and bamboo shoots and bell pepper and tofu and cornstarch sauce into her mouth , she almost could nt stop to accept the tea cup .
was nt looking for no pepper .
why d you think i d be lookin for pepper out here in your yard this time anight ?
i stood and said close to her ear , i said pecans , not pepper .
been a while since i had baked coon with applen bell pepper stuffin .
he ran a hand through short salt and pepper hair .
he dumped them on his plate and sprinkled pepper on them .
i made a russian peasant omelet , using eggs , potatoes , an onion , milk , and some salt and pepper .
maggie pushed a red pepper with her fork .
the omeletfluffy , light , with barely a hint of the cheese , green pepper or ham that had gone into itwas , without doubt , the most exquisite thing maggie had ever tasted .
different , it had coarse salt and black pepper that he dipped the calamari in following rosies example and henry enjoyed it very much .
the black man sported a carefully trimmed , salt and pepper beard and mustache , and wore expensive gold - rim glasses .
she threw open the screen door and blasted him in the face with a stream of pepper spray .
he needed to regroup , but then he was taking the old lady down , pepper spray or not .
his face was candy - apple red from having been burned by the pepper spray .
` ` i hope you do n't have that pepper spray with you . ''
he was short with tightly cropped salt ' n ' pepper hair and , as you noticed in these uniforms with shorts , nice legs .
firella came walking from the darkness at the other end of the small parking lot , pepper spray in one hand and keys in the other .
` ` you can get some pepper spray at sneaky pete 's up by little rock , '' i said .
i put the soy sauce within reach , added the salt and pepper , and sat down .
all you need is some pepper spray and a fire extinguisher . ''
he laughs so hard that his fist subconsciously pounds the table , a pepper shaker overturning and clinking on the iron .
and i have pepper spray , and like i said - i can take care of myself as long as the guy does n't get too aggressive . ''
they were missing a few of the spices , but she figured that she 'd just add some extra salt and pepper .
` ` kooky stuff pays the bills , em , '' luanne said , swiping a bottle of dr pepper from the fridge and moving to a barstool .
there 's a lot of high - fiving and many rounds of dr pepper . ''
mom was already gone and dad was thirty minutes deep into sergeant pepper 's , so it made getting out of the house speed bump free .
i missed some verbal cue and my date ended the night with a face full of pepper spray .
i 'll take your pepper spray if you 're worried . ''
a few pens and millie 's pepper spray rolls out the side .
it 's her pepper spray .
` ` i ca n't stop you from following me , since i do n't have my pepper spray with me , but i swear , i will go to campus security the second you do anything to piss me off .
i went downstairs to the bookstore and bought a tiny container of pepper spray and a rape whistle .
i played with my keys until my little pepper spray container was in my hand and ready to use .
my whistle and pepper spray were on my keychain in easy reach .
` ` katie , this is perry , cort , baxter , ric , pepper , zoey , allan and theo .
cort seated himself at the drums and pepper had stryker 's banjo .
i fished in my purse for the pepper spray i 'd gotten a while back , just in case of moments like this .
i crossed my arms , tucking the pepper spray against my palm so he could n't see it .
his wiry salt and pepper hair is disheveled and a little too long , and his hawaiian shirt and cargo pants look like they could use an ironing .
devon busied herself by rolling silverware , filling salt and pepper shakers , and wiping down the tables .
she was an older woman probably in her 50 's with short salt and pepper hair .
he 's an older gentleman , with salt and pepper hair and a medium build .
` ` sure did , '' john agreed , and snatched a bell pepper slice .
she kept adding cracked pepper to hers , and i was pretty sure that i had n't tasted cracked pepper in either of my dishes .
she kept adding cracked pepper to hers , and i was pretty sure that i had n't tasted cracked pepper in either of my dishes .
` ` what about pepper spray ? ''
` ` evie has pepper spray ? ''
` ` you were asking travis for pepper spray when you have that ? ''
her dog , pepper , runs to the back door , barking furiously .
in less than two minutes , the waiter is approaching us again following behind a tall , broad - shouldered man with salt and pepper hair and a dimple in the center of his chin .
his salt and pepper hair appears darker , his height , taller , the chasm of a dimple in the center of his chin , deeper .
he 's put this disgusting chili pepper and pickle taste in my mouth .
` ` pepper spray . ''
` ` yeah , '' ryke says , ` ` but you girls need to f**king admit that you ca n't protect yourself against a hoard of angry guys with a mini - bottle of pepper spray and a kick to the nuts .
daisy shakes the pepper spray .
i know she 's upstairs , and i want to give her a bottle of pepper spray before i leave .
` ` pepper spray ? ''
when i gave daisy pepper spray , it seemed like she was keeping a secret with ryke .
` ` where 's the pepper spray i bought you ?
and when i gave her three inanimate objects , she almost whipped out her pepper spray and used the whole canister on me .
rose tells me , ` ` if i ' m being attacked , i ' m taking out my pepper spray and taser .
rose reaches for her pepper spray on the ground , her eyes narrowed at sadie like she only has bad intentions .
` ` i can defend myself , '' rose refutes , shaking her pepper spray canister .
she has a can of pepper spray directed at julian as a warning , and she pushes his arm .
i spotted a few business types in the crowd - salt and pepper hair , pristine suits , impeccable ties .
` ` sure but no green peppers or mushrooms on my half . ''
the older salt and pepper haired officer steered me gently toward the back seat .
a plume of pepper spray erupted in my face .
chapter 22 hannah i stopped reading the news about matt after the pepper spray video went viral .
nathan was an older version of nate - same thick , unruly hair , once dark , now salt and pepper , same twinkling dark eyes , same olive skin , same dimples , same build .
` ` it 's just eggs and some cream and a bunch of cheese and some ham and ... i do n't know , a little garlic , tarragon , and some pepper . ''
` ` pepper , miss ? ''
he was a slim man in his fifties and held a pepper cracker poised over her salad .
i have pepper spray in my desk .
i reached for the pepper shaker and said , ` ` try this and maybe some jelly next time . ''
` ` twit , '' she laughed , and then added a heaping amount of pepper to her fry that was already covered in milkshake .
she started to open her mouth to say something , but she was half - choking on pepper .
my pepper spray is in my purse , next to my bed on the floor .
a bar runs the length of the club on one side , and there are booths along the other wall , cracked red leather and tacky - looking formica with battered metal napkin dispensers and salt and pepper shakers .
standing up , i repositioned liam on my hip and turned just as brandon stepped back into the house , followed by a fit older man with salt and pepper hair and a stern , weathered face .
luke smacks his hand on the table and the vibration tips over the salt and pepper shakers .
professor jennerly , a tall man with salt and pepper hair and thick - framed glasses , waits for us by the door .
i grab a dr . pepper from the fridge and take the phone out of my pocket , staring at the picture on the screensaver of micha , lila , ethan , and me at the wedding .
he had shiny salt and pepper hair with a sharp widow 's peak , a thin face with discerning eyes , and a long and extremely lean build .
` ` i 'll take your largest burger with pepper jack cheese .
the backroom was a large storage area , with multiple shelves along one wall , holding boxes of liquor and beer , napkins , salt , pepper and other random bar supplies .
he was older , with salt and pepper hair and an intimidatingly large frame .
salt and pepper hair , dusky italian complexion , aquiline nose , mediterranean green eyes .
i remember genna putting lemon pepper on it once , and it tasted good , so i look for that in his cabinet .
caramel , cheese , pickle juice , or ... lemon pepper !
he motions toward the lemon pepper - covered popcorn .
i crack open a dr . pepper from the fridge , grab a box of cheez - its , and plop in front of the tv , grabbing the remote and flicking it on .
instead of reaching across the table and f**king her right there next to the little jukebox screwed into the wall above the salt and pepper shakers , he grabbed a cake , dipped the entire damn thing in sauce , and shoved it into his mouth , chewing furiously , hoping the blood that would be diverted to his digestive tract would lessen his raging erection .
i scan the list of forty - seven dipping sauces - pesto mayo , spicy yogurt peanut , creamy wasabi tapenade , spicy lime , roasted red pepper .
it 's just egg with a bit of milk and salt and pepper .
salt and pepper grinders .
we leaned back and let the waiter serve us , laying down oversized white plates and offering ground black pepper .
and a goddamned can of pepper spray . ''
` ` pepper spray , '' he stated and my eyes shot to his .
` ` no , that 's why he bought me pepper spray - four cans -a taser , a stun gun , and a dog . ''
` ` looking for a guy , five ten , salt and pepper , glasses , paunch , suit , drives a chevy mini - van . ''
his glanced at me then went back to the potatoes , now grinding pepper over them .
he put the pepper aside and grabbed some maldon salt out of a small black bowl and tossed it on the spuds .
` ` baked potato or fries and before you waste my time , a loaded potato comes with butter , salt and pepper , sour cream and chives .
we 'd been sat at tables next to each other and my table had no pepper shaker , i 'd asked if i could use theirs and there it began , just like with sam , i 'd joined them .
sliced super thin , arranged in a casserole dish , layered with salt , pepper , paprika , pats of butter and minced garlic then smothered in cream and milk before he slid them into the oven .
` ` wearin ' a short , tight skirt , showin ' cleavage and strappin ' on a pair of high heels , '' boz answered , his lips surrounded by his full , salt and pepper beard tipped up .
a can of pepper spray i bought last summer when there was a rash of break - ins in my neighborhood .
` ` no , '' i answered then yanked the pepper spray out of my pocket and showed it to him , ` ` i ' ve got a surprise . ''
the bat whiffed over me , i heard shy 's growled , angry , ` ` fuck , '' but ignored it and i came up , armed with pepper spray .
you do n't go into an uncertain situation armed with goddamned , f**king pepper spray .
` ` only if i get to wield pepper spray , '' i returned .
` ` the pepper spray was sissy , '' boz stated , joining our group .
he gets a whiff he 's got a go and she comes of age , you better arm yourself with more than pepper spray .
a little salt in his pepper hair , not much .
also in the room was a tall , blond man with light blue eyes who was smiling at me like a madman ( my correct guess , austin ) , a stocky , salt and pepper , close - cropped but obviously still frizzy - haired man ( another correct guess , fritz ) , a tall , dark - haired girl who was for some reason in late november wearing short - shorts and a thin drapey t - shirt over a camisole ( and that reason might be because she was young , she was gorgeous , she had great legs and i was with her , if you had them , flaunt them ) who had to be kellie ( jill and fritz 's youngest ) and the girl hugging brock who had to be kalie .
he had salt and pepper hair , mainly pepper , black pepper and it was long with a bit of wave but not too long or too wavy .
he had salt and pepper hair , mainly pepper , black pepper and it was long with a bit of wave but not too long or too wavy .
he had salt and pepper hair , mainly pepper , black pepper and it was long with a bit of wave but not too long or too wavy .
ditto with the pepper in his salt and pepper goatee that hung a bit long at his chin in a biker way that was mammoth cool .
ditto with the pepper in his salt and pepper goatee that hung a bit long at his chin in a biker way that was mammoth cool .
this garnered me a white teeth surrounded by salt and pepper goatee'ed smile and i made a mental note to stop being a smartass because , apparently , badasses liked smartass women .
i grabbed the pepper and started shaking , ranting on , ` ` luckily , the error was n't so bad it ended in trauma , tears , lawsuits , and loss of employment , just uncomfortable explanations and me tamping down my desire to commit physicianicide , but still ! ''
i ended my last word on a high - pitched note , slammed the pepper down , grabbed the minced , dried garlic and resumed shaking and blathering .
hop dragged my suitcase upstairs while the kids alternately explored and chattered to me and i made chicken fried steak , mashed potatoes , thick white gravy with loads of pepper and green beans .
he was average height , salt in his pepper hair , a bit of a beer belly growing over his mammoth belt buckle but he still looked fit .
there were some shrieks as harry landed on a table , taking it down to its side , glasses , plates and salt and pepper shakers going flying .
she was fifty - three , had the body of a pit bull , short , graying , very curly salt and pepper hair that was cut into a female mullet and she made krystal look like she had the disposition of a happy fairy .
i had the placemats on the counter in front of the stools , the plates , red pepper flakes , parmesan cheese , salt and pepper all on the counter and was pulling down a wineglass when he got back .
i had the placemats on the counter in front of the stools , the plates , red pepper flakes , parmesan cheese , salt and pepper all on the counter and was pulling down a wineglass when he got back .
he shrugged , running a palm through his thick salt - and - pepper hair .
i 'd love every year as his dark hair turned to salt and pepper and the faint frown lines by his eyes became laugh lines instead .
his wrinkled face and salt and pepper hair looked regal if not a little pompous .
grabbing the pepper spray out of her bag , she kept on walking feeling a little protected even though it was stupid .
` ` i was stupid and put too much pepper in the mashed potatoes .
she placed cumin , paprika and cayenne pepper in the basket .
gabriel ordered steaks with potatoes and a garlic and pepper cream sauce .
lily stirred the tomatoes adding some salt and pepper .
she 'd put some chicken br**sts with peppers , garlic , onions and tomatoes in the oven to roast with a bit of olive oil and salt and pepper .
a bit of salt and pepper added , and he beat them again before adding them to the butter .
he drizzled olive oil over and sprinkled salt and pepper before slipping it inside the oven .
even surrounded by a dozen people , as they worked chopping herbs , grating farm - fresh parmesan , adding garlic , prosciutto and pepper flakes to the heating olive oil , it was as if there was no one else in the room .
` ` i do n't know if it 's the pepper flakes or the heat from the stoves , but i am burning up : ' rose smiled at jack , a secret , wicked smile .
just when she began to feel overly tipsy , they headed to a gorgeous red barn in the middle of a field of cows and goats , laid out a blanket and feasted on mouthwatering goat cheese , pepper sausage , and french bread .
she glanced toward him as she scraped sliced green peppers into the salad bowl .
yesterday was his hot chili pepper shirt .
alicia shook her head , her salt and pepper bob swishing .
her salt and pepper hair was oily and hung limply around her splotchy face .
her salt and pepper hair was held back with a pair of oversized shades and her gray eyes stormed as she took me in , paying no mind to my desk as she eased into one of the chairs in front of me .
her salt and pepper hair was held back by a flowered hair scarf and oversized jackie o shades were over her eyes .
she had short , cropped salt and pepper hair and even though i could only make out her side profile , there was something about her jawline and demeanor .
she pointed at the eggs , then the milk , and salt and pepper .
` ` can you whisk eight eggs in the glass bowl with one cup of milk and a pinch of salt and pepper ? ''
i reached for the salt and pepper .
her short , salt and pepper locks were held back by a golden headband that matched her blouse .
she was 65 , with salt and pepper hair and kind eyes .
his salt and pepper hair was buzzed short , probably a military man .
his salt and pepper hair , usually stiff and slicked back , was relaxed , framing his face in gentle waves .
her salt and pepper hair hung longer than i 'd ever seen it , the waves and slight curls softening her usual sharpness .
the elder buchanan , a striking man with salt and pepper hair and a trim physique , was n't hard on the eyes , which gave vince hope that they 'd age similarly as well but his soul was black and after recent events , vince worried that his soul was equally as damaged .
` ` i ' ve got my cell and my pepper spray .
` ` you 're being very insensitive about this whole thing , '' he grumbled back , then lifted the straw of his mcdonald 's cup to his mouth and sucked the last drops of dr . pepper from it .
i remember how cross 's jackets used to smell when he put them around my shoulders : like pepper and mints .
then i grab a dr . pepper .
she chews her lip again , now adding some pepper .
` ` you guys are like salt and pepper . ''
` ` salt and pepper ? ''
she was an older woman with salt and pepper hair and a full figure , who always wore those unstructured nurses ' uniforms in pastel colors that had themes with little teddy bears or smiley faces .
he had salt and pepper hair and the distinguished look of the bank president that he was in his professional life .
she had seen him before without a shirt and she knew he was pretty hot , nevertheless having him there , so close to her like that , made her turn redder than a pepper and feeling a little choked .
marina turned redder than a pepper with shame and she hastened to explain , i know that the lyric is ... but its has a good rhythm .
ana seemed ashamed and her face went as red as a chili pepper .
the eggs were so terrible even pepper could nt save them .
she had started with a straightforward apple chutney then began to experiment with whatever was in season , she made rhubarb chutney , green tomato chutney , tomato and marrow chutney , an orange chutney which everyone said was delicious with roast duck and even red and green pepper chutney .
are you going to put red pepper in it ?
you know i am , we always have it with red pepper .
things had been put away neatly , and there was freshly baked bread on the table , along with salt and pepper .
it was n't until simon and his late model lincoln disappeared down the road that she found the envelope propped up on the kitchen table between the sugar bowl and the salt and pepper shakers .
salt and pepper shaker .
she scans the bunch for the biggest slab of pepper jack cheese she can find , and then swipes it right off the cracker .
there s four sections with four different types of cubed cheese : american , cheddar , swiss , and pepper jack .
i was hoping for moms pepper steak and pork fried rice , his cousin said .
i was lovin this till you had to go and mention her pepper steak , gray muttered .
crackers , salt , and pepper go on that tray over there .
an older woman with salt and pepper hair , a long beak like nose , and a nasty frown handed her a clipboard without saying a word .
from the other side of the room , the man with the salt and pepper hair gave a groan .
his eyes shift down as he fidgets with the pepper in his hand and his tone sounds strained .
i watched the waiter as he placed our plates in front of us and the extra long look he gave my mother as he straightened and offered us freshly ground pepper for our food .
do nt ask me how i know , i just do , she continued , holding up the salt and pepper shakers while i cleaned underneath them .
turning his charcoal hair to salt and pepper grey .
his hair was now completely white , all salt , no pepper .
you then pour in a little wine , add salt and pepper and voila .
i eye him suspiciously as i arrange the salt and pepper shakers on the table .
you would never have talked to jed at the cvs when you stopped to get a dr . pepper .
the captain was in his early 60s , a sturdy , bullet - headed man with a salt and pepper mustache .
i checked it out from the corner of my eye , finger on the pepper spray .
i knew stun guns and pepper spray .
i was running late that day as well , because my mother prepared pepper roast which was another favourite of me .
samson was a fifty - something man with salt and pepper hair and overalls .
john was probably in his fifties , tall with salt and pepper hair .
now to add crme and a bit of salt and pepper to the vegetables .
instead of being pulled back in a low ponytail like she wore it every day at the coffee shop , her shoulder - length , salt and pepper hair hung in soft waves around her face .
salt and pepper hair swirled around a thin spot on top where he was beginning to go bald , his angular face lined with laugh lines .
` ` there 's already flour , salt and pepper in it , so grab a handful of oysters and drop them in .
he was sixtyish with salt and pepper hair and a matching moustache .
she gazed through the window , keeping an eye out for homes and businesses that had already hung pepper lights .
the owners had strung pepper lights around the edge of the roof and on the supporting poles , no doubt to ring in the christmas season .
it held two items : a flashlight and pepper spraytwo things he knew i d need to feel secure .
leaving the flashlight and pepper spray in the nightstand , i closed the drawer and crossed over to close the window , looking down at the stairwell one more time as i flipped the lock .
and there s a flashlight and pepper spray in the nightstand .
you can take your pepper spray in a checked bag .
i took the pepper spray and flashlight from my suitcase and set them on the nightstand , right beside the bed where i could easily reach them .
i rechecked all the locks and made sure i d put the pepper spray and flashlight where i thought i had .
grabbed the pepper spray and held it out in front of me as i crumpled down into a ball in the corner .
keeping my head pressed back into the corner so my lungs were open and i could get as much oxygen as possible into them , i reached up with a shaky hand to put the pepper spray back on the nightstand .
it felt like she was pushing me away and going off to hide in the corner with her pepper spray when all i wanted to do was love her .
i knew shed need her meds before bed , and the pepper spray and flashlight , so i started digging through the outer pockets of her bag to find them .
i found the pill organizer with danas meds and pulled it out , but the flashlight and pepper spray were nt in the same pocket so i kept looking .
in the next pocket , what my hand landed on was definitely not her pepper spray .
i was just trying to find your pepper spray .
he stopped spinning the forks and added some coarsely ground black pepper and some freshly grated parmesan cheese from finger bowls on the counter then resumed spinning the forks in the mixture .
green thumb- claire my teeth sunk into a croissant , pepper jack , bacon , egg , and sausage masterpiece cleverly crafted by the lovely stella .
dr . redding himself was a gentle looking man with salt and pepper hair that barely curled at the nape of his neck .
he had a long face under a full head of rich salt and pepper hair .
with a flourish , he ground fresh pepper and then fresh cheese over the succulent mounds .
then she would see the nose of paolo 's car coming down the street toward her , his sad , handsome face smiling at her under the silky waves of salt and pepper hair .
his thick salt and pepper hair was handsomely styled .
she s just looking for pepper spray .
still got your pepper spray ?
perfume , not pepper spray .
even her brief semester overseas had nt left her feeling so far from home , with neil always calling to check on her and offering to express - mail her pepper spray .
with astonishing energy , she tossed the ingredients of the salad in olive oil and vinegar , added some salt and pepper and checked on the two steaks that were frying in a pan , sizzling away quietly .
and the pepper spray i got you ?
she wished she had pepper spray or something .
in retrospect , it was unclear if everyone was really that happy for ryan and laura , or if it had something to do with the hot pepper omelets that morning ; regardless , the people had spoken , and now wanted to hear more .
` ` it needs salt and a bit of pepper , too . ''
using the last of her pocket money to buy the ingredients at a grocery store that was just a few blocks away from where she lived she purchased a half a pound of ground beef , one container of ricotta cheese , a package of fresh parsley , one jar of spaghetti sauce , one box of lasagna pasta noodles , one bottle of kraft parmesan cheese , one onion and one green pepper .
blake had an impressive collection of rock posters hanging on his walls : a rolling stones poster with a pair of dice on it , an the offspring poster that was black , red and yellow and had their logo of a skull with flames on top of its head , a green day poster with psychedelic colors and the guitarist on it , a sex pistols poster that was black and white and that had a picture of the queen of england on it and the words : god save the queen - sex pistols , a led zeppelin poster with an avocado with eyes on it , a tom petty poster that read : wanted tom petty : heartbreakers , a pink floyd poster with a flying pig on it , a red hot chili peppers poster with a grinning green demon eating a chili pepper , and an old beatles poster .
ro looked down at her plate of extravagant - looking pasta - it had shrimps , pieces of lobster , crab , and mussels and vegetables like cubed yellow bell peppers .
he rose in one smooth movement and turned to flash a brilliant white smile from beneath a thin , salt - and - pepper mustache .
finn daley : well , lets just say its a good thing they call me a pepper pot .
his hair had just a touch of salt and pepper , his shirt was a lilac color , his tie was too flashy and he had a silk kerchief showing from his pocket .
he opened a can of dr . pepper next and tried it .
she had salt and pepper hair that was tied into a tight bun , and was wearing a pretty , dark purple dress .
the red hot santa tini used chili pepper infused vodka and had a rim around the martinis glass of cocoa powder mixed with cayenne .
the red hot santa tini - mix some cocoa powder together with a pinch of cayenne pepper and rim a chilled martini glass with it .
top it off with whip cream and garnish by floating a small thai chili pepper on top of the cream .
i wish i had the can of pepper spray i d taken from home , but i lost it at some point on one of my early scared nights in the park .
choosing a dark chocolate chili pepper truffle from the box , i leaned back into the chofa and bit into the sweet and spicy ball .
she placed a generous amount of jalapeo pepper strips on top of the beans before closing the bread roll together .
with salt and pepper hair , my father was twenty years my moms senior .
my lashes flickered up from the bowl as a man with salt and pepper hair wearing a brown evening jacket walked into the room from behind me .
the green eyes of the salt and pepper - haired man gazed my way .
he nodded once , salt and pepper eyelashes blinking in unison with the nod .
his secretary was an older woman with salt and pepper hair and a purple ribbon tied in a bow on top .
after adding some pepper and garlic , i set it aside .
other people sneezed from pollen or freshly ground pepper ; my sister sneezed from tears .
she added water , two strips of bacon , ground pepper and a splash of apple cider vinegar before turning on the burner .
out of the trance , she dragged herself to the fridge and got the chicken , rice , and veggie salad shed prepared that day , after spooning some in a bowl and popping it in the microwave for a minute to cut the chill , she added some pepper and olive oil and grabbed a fork from the utensils holder .
jalapeo and sweet pepper scrambled eggs on a waffle . ''
heres the first thing i wanted to show you , he said , handing me something that resembled a canister of pepper spray .
can you hand me that pepper grinder ?
robyn i stood there in the kitchen with my hand on the pepper grinder and our fingers touching and i did nt want to let go .
shelves in the cupboard had sugar , salt and white pepper .
he drags his hand through his salt and pepper colored hair before pushing his reading glasses up and off his face .
ben would have liked to move the salt and pepper and the sauce out of the way so he could hold her hands across the table , but ruth had expressly advised against it .
so she went back into the kitchen and got those and while she was there she saw a salt and pepper set still in its perspex box .
she filled up the little wooden grinders with salt and pepper and put them on the table .
a set of salt and pepper grinders .
ill throw away the salt and pepper grinder if you like he made an attempt to press his lips against hers , but she turned her head .
crystal salt and pepper shakers sat on the gleaming breakfast bar .
john ran a hand through his wooly hair that was more salt than pepper then rested both on his round belly .
caucasian , about five feet , nine inches tall , one hundred fifty pounds soaking wet , salt and pepper hair , grey eyes , last seen in your club sound familiar ?
it 's kind of tickly , like pepper but it smells more like ... licorice , maybe ? ''
he pulled the door open , looking like a deranged merry maid with the clorox bottle that , i realized now , cain had likely spent the night emptying of antibacterial solution and replacing with magical pepper spray , or something like it .
` ` smells like dr pepper . ''
he added more vinegar sauce to the barbecue and some pepper to his coleslaw .
the man seemed to have a heavy hand with the pepper and seasonings tonight , almost as if he imagined he served his new wife 's lover .
` ` he must have used a pound of pepper and garlic . ''
one of the customers complained it needed more heat , so the new waiter tried to sneak back and put in pepper .
` ` is n't there salt and pepper on the tables already ? ''
` ` well , kace , '' said a short woman with curly salt and pepper auburn hair .
she knelt beside him and pulled the t - shirt off his head slowly , and then she said , ` ` this is going to sting , '' and dug into the cut with a long q - tip soaked in what seemed to be cayenne pepper sauce .
lori looked down , rearranging the salt and pepper shakers on the cream - colored tablecloth .
her heart swelling with infinite joy , rebecca grabbed an apron from a hook behind the door and proceeded to follow whatever instructions madame renarde and molly gave her , fetching dishes , chopping herbs , grinding pepper and crushing garlic .
mom would never drink dr pepper . ''
a blend of beef , a little veal , some pork , and oregano , basil , pepper , a touch of sugar and some grated parmesan with a tiny bit of mozzarella .
green pepper .
my seat mate , an older woman with salt and pepper hair and a ridiculously adorable button nose , asked me what was wrong , but i just shrugged and kept my face to the window , watching the clouds pass by .
the garlic , raw egg , and cayenne pepper combination stank so bad he held his breath as he squirted it on the rows of snap beans and limas , the potato greens , the carrot and radish tops .
for ellen 's sake , she chose more conventional makings of cherry tomato , shredded carrots , cucumber and green pepper .
the menu was shaped like a bowling pin and the salt and pepper shakers were empty beer bottles .
it was her own recipe , made with olive oil , clam juice , red pepper flakes and plenty of chopped garlic and onion .
the plastic - covered menus were tucked behind the ketchup and mustard containers , which stood next to the salt and pepper shakers .
napkins from fast - food places practically exploded outward , along with ketchup squirt - packs , little salt and pepper packets , drinking straws , melted peppermints , gum - and two crumpled pay stubs .
` ` all right , i 'll order sausage with olives on one half and green peppers on the other . ''
` ` i ' m not all that fond of green peppers myself , you know . ''
` ` do you have any red pepper flakes ? ''
` ` we appreciate that , eddie , '' rosie said , mixing chopped green pepper and tomatoes into the lettuce greens .
then i see bertie and rayla from work ; they stand pressed together like a pair of salt and pepper shakers .
some herbs , red pepper .
i slide my cell phone from the edge of the table , over toward the salt and pepper shakers to give the waitress room .
` ` so , pepper , how 'd you get caught up with luke ? ''
` ` i know how to put cheese in 'em or if your lady friend would like onions and green peppers , i can make 'em that way , too . ''
for dessert there was rice pudding and pepper cookies , which her mom only ever made on christmas .
` ` and i know how to use pepper spray and break noses , '' she retorted and leaned back , keeping a wary distance like she did n't trust herself .
shelby ladled out a piping - hot bowlful , cracked some fresh black pepper on top , and brought it over to luce , who 'd collapsed on top of her bed .
luce started playing with the carafe of syrup next to the salt and pepper .
with dark hair gone to salt and pepper and dark , dead - looking eyes , he bore no resemblance to his late blond - haired , blue - eyed younger brother .
we were fourteen - year - old girls , both friendless and as different as salt and pepper .
rebecca was tall and plain and wore her salt and pepper hair in a short bob .
there were n't any lunch customers yet , and they 'd chosen a booth on the mexican side of the building with its strings of red chili pepper lights proclaiming christmas cheer .
maryanne was busy refilling the salt and pepper shakers and reloading the napkin holders .
he slid them onto a plate , adding a dash of salt and grinding of fresh pepper , before setting the plate down in front of me .
it appeared to be pepper spray .
` ` when i first got here , '' aidan continued , still emptying the bag , ` ` stacey was so wary of lyssa getting hurt , she lent her a pepper spray pen .
i did recognize him now that i saw him - salt and pepper hair , with stubble on his chin that was almost completely gray .
... stiffening , she picked up the pepper sprinkler and added a healthy dose to the food .
the aluminum pepper sprinkler slipped through her nerveless fingers and clanked on the hardwood floor .
this is better than last week , i think he used red pepper and did n't cook them so long . ''
his hands plucked greasy menus from behind a set of salt and pepper shakers and handed her one , ` ` on the other side of that the food is just what you come to diner for : greasy , hot , fast and filling .
` ` i happen to have a thermos filled with spilt pea soup on the counter and a carton of homemade cottage cheese replete with pearl onions and freshly cracked pepper in the fridge , we will eat like kings .
she did look like april , though , which made her hotter than a chili pepper .
he wanted commitment from a mature woman , not some stupid midlife tryst with a younger woman , even if she was hotter than a chili pepper .
the pork hash at the pig place was made with vinegar and pepper sauce , the hush puppies were guaranteed to clog your arteries , and the slaw was creamy and delicious .
his hair had tumbled down his forehead , his eyes looked sleepy , his mouth looked kissable , and his body looked hotter than a billy goat in a pepper patch .
with onions and green pepper and ham and hot sauce . ''
embry 's driver , an older gentleman with salt and pepper hair and kind brown eyes , effortlessly slid into the heavy traffic .
the feeling rages unquenched like pepper spray .
she threw a red pepper on the table next to the romaine lettuce and snorted .
then you season them with a little salt , pepper , and garlic powder , and you let them soak in the brandy while the coals are turning white . ''
last , she put down salt , pepper , butter , and a couple of napkins .
her skin got blotchy , her nose ran , and if she tried to speak , her words sounded as though they were coming out of a pepper grinder .
genevieve did the only thing she could think of - she grabbed the pepper shaker off the table , wrenched off the lid , and tossed the contents into nick 's face .
` ` we could mush them up and add a lot of salt and pepper . ''
i 'll have my pepper spray on me , if that would make you happier . ''
` ` motion detectors and pepper spray , '' mavis said .
she propped the photograph against the salt and pepper shakers as she wrote him a letter in response .
last night , she 'd learned that he liked chocolate chip ice cream and hated beets ... that blue was his favorite color and professional sports bored him to tears ... that he liked his baked potatoes with butter and bacon bits , but no salt or pepper , and that sometimes a kiss from izzy , given as she snuggled close to him , had the power to make him cry .
or they go in flocks , a massed thunder of wings to bear them up and away , wheeling through the sky like handsful of pepper grains thrown aloft , calling their way in vs of mournful courage toward the promise of a distant and problematic survival .
she stamped her foot , and the jar of dauco seeds , left too near the edge of the shelf , fell off and smashed on the floor , scattering tiny black seeds like pepper grains .
the salt was ground , so was the pepper .
at my direction , he took up the heavy jar of spices : the ground mixture of mace and marjoram , sage and pepper , parsley and thyme .
it was clearly jamie and ian , though i could n't understand what was giving rise to so much hilarity , since when last seen they had been bound for the docks , charged with dispatching a shipment of tobacco leaves , obtaining pepper , salt , sugar , cinnamon - if findable - and pins - somewhat rarer than cinnamon - for mrs . bug , and procuring a large fish of some edible sort for our supper .
simpson senior was salt with a sprinkle of pepper , while simpson junior gave the impression of a dark hillside with a rim of snow crusted lightly round its frostline , white hairs confined to the temples and upper cheeks .
he lived in a mixture of fear and anger , spiced with the hurt of betrayal , rubbed like pepper into the wounds .
so far as i could tell from smell alone , rosamund 's sauce seemed to include tomatoes , onions , red pepper , and enough sugar to leave a thick blackish crust on the meat and a tantalizing caramel aroma in the air .
clutching the pepper pen tightly , she nodded .
turning her head , she spotted where her purse was on the counter and reached for it , withdrawing the pepper pen and clutching it in her hand .
then he set the pepper spray pen atop it , far from lyssa 's reach .
` ` were you planning on spraying me with the damn pepper spray ? ''
he sucked in another breath while i tenderly swept his salt and pepper hair away from his moist brow .
` ` ham , mushroom , green pepper and cheese omelet ... toast , '' jared pointed out each with his butter knife as he spoke , and then shoved a forkful into his mouth .
he was as i remembered him , his salt and pepper hair perfectly in place , his dark , no - nonsense eyes looking softly upon me , clean - shaven and in his favorite gray suit .
he 's the man in black and is now carrying a stun gun , pepper spray .
i eat them with cayenne pepper .
` ` a little bit of pepper spray in my pocket make you feel all freaking feisty ? ''
she adds cayenne pepper and gives them just a little kick , '' brooke tells me as she forks one up and munches .
she spices all his meals with natural herbs like thyme , basil , rosemary , a little dash of garlic or cayenne pepper , and some kick - ass combinations that i ' ve been jotting down for when i get back home .
she adds cayenne pepper and gives them just a little kick , '' i tell him as i fork one up and munch , and the taste of rosemary and the perfectly cooked potato melt on my tongue .
bunches of garlic , dried herbs and chilli peppers were strung from the smoke - darkened beams in the low ceiling .
unlike the others , who all appeared to be under the age of thirty , saul had salt and pepper hair that fell around his sharp face .
they could pick up some pepper spray too .
he blushed to the roots of his salt - and - pepper hair - what little was left - and tugged at his immaculate tie .
he pulled out a chair at the table and fingered the blue tiffany 's ring box he 'd set next to the salt and pepper shakers and tabasco sauce .
` ` but , alfred , if you do n't start calling me dixie , i ' m afraid i might just have to put some pepper in your tea to spice you up a bit . ''
she had to be in her sixties , but her hair was still the same salt and pepper it had been since he 'd come to live at davencourt .
in his hands , a pencil was lethal , a book could do serious damage , and a salt or pepper shaker presented a priceless opportunity .
she added a bit of pepper and other seasonings , but by the end , it looked almost as boring as it had before she started .
henry was drinking dr pepper and watching richard as he made his way down the street toward the salon .
he handed julie a diet coke , then got himself a dr pepper .
she would wait outside , her hand on the container of pepper spray she 'd picked up at wal - mart , while singer scoured the rooms .
she poured in a large can of tomato sauce , then added the onions and peppers and a dash of tabasco , along with salt and pepper .
` ` mmm ... '' i added salt , pepper , and garlic powder to the pan .
no salt and pepper ?
she took out some olive oil and balsamic vinegar and put some of each in a small bowl , along with salt and pepper .
inside , i added some salt , pepper , and garlic powder to the steaks , wrapped the potatoes in foil and put them in the oven , then poured the salad in a bowl .
i knew he would add salt and pepper , and a moment later he did .
he wiped the counter a second time , then rotated the salt and pepper shakers until they were in exactly the same position they 'd been in when he arrived home .
i did n't end up with my face planted in the dirt , but there were a few dicey moments here and there when pepper acted up and it took everything i could do to hold on .
` ` and besides , pepper was frisky . ''
she 'd put the steaks in the marinade the day before : red wine , orange juice , grapefruit juice , salt , and pepper .
she oiled a baking pan , turned theoven on , and seasoned the potatoes with parsley , salt , pepper , and garlic .
sophie reached for the pepper shaker and doused her oriental chicken salad .
a centerpiece of dirty pink plastic dahlias was flanked by a set of porcelain salt and pepper shakers shaped like tiny lighthouses .
when the pasta was ready , she drained it and put it back into the pan , along with butter , garlic powder , and a dash of salt and pepper .
if i were trigger - happy and had pepper spray , you 'd be on your knees howling by now . ''
the pepper , stuffed with creamy cheese and pork , was one of her favorite dishes , but it was n't what she craved tonight .
he lifted a menu from where it was nesting between the napkin holder and the salt and pepper shakers , studied it briefly , and signaled to the waitress .
appetizers included curried corn - crab cakes , sesame shrimp with a miso dipping sauce , and skewered spiced pork and red pepper with a spicy mango sauce .
linda put them in the pan with salt and pepper , along with butter .
she did scream now , and so did he , as she spewed the pepper spray in his eyes .
` ` you could always tip that and be happy layla was carrying pepper spray and between her quick reflexes and quinn and me , we managed to handle it . ''
pregnant layla managed to keep her head , to reach into her very stylish handbag and yank out a can of pepper spray .
why do n't you carry pepper spray like a normal twenty - nine - year - old woman ?
in the dining rooms , she went from table to table , checking every detail , making sure the salt and pepper shakers were filled , that the place settings were clean and properly placed .
ten lauren stood in the center of the dining room , staring down at the collection of salt and pepper shakers she 'd gathered together .
bending forward , she seasoned the fish steaks with salt and pepper , dotted the tops with fresh thyme and parsley and chopped cherry tomatoes .
` ` oh , that 's another thing i forgot to mention last night - women can eat chili peppers better than a man . ''
` ` rich and i used to eat these peppers right out of dad 's garden . ''
his passion had the kick of cayenne pepper , balanced with the sweetness of honey , caged in control of steel .
as he moved under the light , kimber saw his hair was dominated by salt more than pepper .
i know some self - defense and have pepper spray in my purse . ''
and she 'd left her purse with her pepper spray in her bedroom upstairs .
he looked distinguished with this tall , almost scholarly build , his hair more salt than pepper .
he produced a pepper mill with a bland smile .
she slipped the gun into one , a can of pepper spray into the other .
with the other , she surprised him by misting the pepper spray in his eyes .
sean reached for the pepper and shook some on top of the eggs .
she held her tongue while the waiter crushed fresh black pepper over their first course and topped off their glasses with the wine .
meatball soup , chicken stew with dumplings , pierogies , lamb and vegetable moussaka , pork chops braised in apple wine , potato pancakes , red pepper paprikash , chicken kiev , stroganoff , strudels , hamand - cheese rolls , homemade noodles , and dozens of savory breads .
` ` i 'd really like two eggs over easy with salt and pepper , please .
an older female doctor with more salt than pepper in her hair strides into the room .
a salt and pepper eyebrow arched .
like pepper or dody or annabelle or- ` ` kit ! ''
then she plucked the menu from between the salt and pepper shakers and gave it a quick perusal .
adam chuckled to himself at the recollection and went back to stabbing beef tips and chunks of green pepper onto skewers .
adam shrugged and stabbed another chunk of green pepper .
she wanted to tell schuyler kimball that harry had coached little league , that they 'd tried to have children , but had never had any success , that her husband had grown up in south philly , that they 'd vacationed every summer in cape may , that more than anything else in the world , harry had loved clint eastwood movies - the old ones by sergio leone - killian 's red beer , ` ` cheers '' reruns , and pizza with extra green peppers and black olives .