look , '' i said sternly , ` ` first my name 's not pepper .
` ` i ' m not interested , '' he repeated , images of a girl in a pepper suit dancing toward him popping into his head .
she shouted , but then , mere seconds later , i could hear her talking on the phone to what i could only assume was pepper .
the anger in him was growing - flashes of pepper 's suffering flickering in his thoughts for me to see .
i guessed ( correctly ) pepper rick got away .
it jerked in front of pepper rick and slammed on its brakes .
i stepped out from behind the curtain to watch as kenya made her way down the little stairs at the front of the stage , and went over to where maddy pepper was sitting , her fingers tapping against her legs .
the rest of the day went by slowly as he examined the books with pepper and discussed the special ` ` insurance '' investments that pepper had made on his behalf .
the rest of the day went by slowly as he examined the books with pepper and discussed the special ` ` insurance '' investments that pepper had made on his behalf .
i heard yelling coming from the other side of the door , but it was directed at pepper , not avril .
the tiny pepper tree he 'd planted seemed about to give up the ghost .
` ` well , they blight crops , '' said pepper .
` ` and they can make you be ill just by looking at you , '' said pepper .
` ` if you just say no , '' said pepper , ` ` you can have my sindy stable set .
` ` which says ' hush it up , '' ' said pepper .
` ` you ' ve got to admit that 's more sensible than tunnels , '' said pepper .
` ` i reckon we can cut along drovers lane and then up through roundhead woods , '' said pepper .
` ` not much milit'ry about knobs and dials , '' said pepper .
` ` coo , '' said pepper , as the others collapsed , ` ` how did you do that ? ''
` ` you never tidy up even your bedroom , '' said pepper , behind him .
` ` there 's a circus come to norton , '' said pepper .
and a wide plowed meadow where fields of grainlike quinoa alternated with rows of corn , chili pepper plants , beans , and squash .
i might prefer to be doing something other than having pepper attend to my hair and then making conversation with a roomful of people i hardly cared to know , but mina holmes was bound to be even less enthusiastic about the idea .
thanks to pepper , who actually did know i was leaving , i was well equipped .
romulus faced even worse : a pepper poppera blast that sprayed black pepper seedshad such a wide range that after throwing one too short , he had to lie in snow for an hour just to make the burning in his face bearable .
just catsblack cats with lame names like midnight , pepper , and shadow .
she sang in a soft , twangy voice , ` ` we got married in a fever / hotter than a pepper sprout . ''
on her deathbed , rotting away from a yet to be identified poison , mayor johnson enlist the aid of thomas pepper , a freelance reporter , to find out the answers to the three questions that every person of color in america wants to know .
and thomas pepper or whatever this entity had been said , you should turn around , serena .
her son 's name was pepper scarboro - scarboro being the name of her first husband , pepper 's alleged father , though she 'd never been certain precisely who the father was .
her son 's name was pepper scarboro - scarboro being the name of her first husband , pepper 's alleged father , though she 'd never been certain precisely who the father was .
` ` did pepper kill himself ? ''
what can you tell us about pepper scarboro ? ''
` ` does pepper have a face as round as a basketball ? ''
i followed pepper 's gaze to the river 's edge .
a splash sounded behind me , and i knew pepper had dived in after me .
i was pretty sure i 'd lost pepper at the river , but it did n't hurt to be cautious .
` ` i ' m on my way to research a few more leads into pepper 's blackmailer .
` ` are you denying blackmailing pepper ? ''
` ` patch told me that any number of fallen angels out there could be blackmailing pepper friberg for numerous things - pages from the book of enoch , glimpses into the future , full pardon on a past crime , information deemed both sacred and secret , or even to be elevated to the status of guardian angel - the list of what an archangel could provide could go on and on , i think . ''
nothing new there , since i already knew he was working around the clock to find pepper 's blackmailer .
` ` did you know pepper before you fell ?
` ` i ' m meeting pepper .
patch had supplied us with a list of pepper 's favorite haunts , and i hoped scott and i would get lucky on our first try .
one table was in use - four players - and i instantly spotted pepper .
i swept my eyebrows up , speaking directly to pepper 's thoughts .
` ` when your blackmailer calls , agree to the meeting , '' i instructed pepper .
` ` like pepper 's long - lost twin .
first question : why are you blackmailing pepper friberg ?
` ` i could n't have pepper muddling up my plans ! ''
` ` we 're going to let pepper take care of dante for us . ''
` ` i ' m hoping for the best , that we 'll be able to push out the duel , and that pepper wo n't fail , but i think we should prepare for the worst .
i also needed to give pepper time to return from heaven with his enchanted dagger , hopefully making the duel a moot point .
i forced myself to put all thought of tomorrow 's duel , and pepper 's slim chance at success , out of my mind ; tonight i wanted to enjoy patch 's company without worrying what would become of me - us - if i had to duel and dante won .
i never should have trusted pepper to get the feathers .
i glanced back , just able to see pepper 's pearly - white dagger deeply lodged in my shoulder .
on the floor we have a small area of wheat , sorghum , pepper plants with several varieties of peppers , and an area of asparagus .
i d like it if you just call me pepper , though .
oh , hello , pepper , she said nonchalantly .
besides , i m gon na see pepper all the time when we get back home , but how often will i get to spend a day in japan with best bestie ?
meanwhile , jina and jayla were mourning the mystical losses of their mobile devices that held the perfect blend of songs that would make the wait less of a burden , and jina was definitely missing contact with pepper who she assumed was worried about her well - being after completely dropping contact with her the day before the current one .
the price of pepper is skyrocketing .
he babbled as he was struggling to talk with his mouth full , all my pepper vines , he swallowed the banana , rotted because of that nasty disease ; i ve lost a fortune this year .
laurence and berkley went to apply to him the next morning at the mission , already much altered since the last visit which laurence had made : the plot of land was now a handsome vegetable - garden , full of tomato and pepper plants ; a few khoi girls in modest black shifts were tending the rows , tying up the tomato plants to stakes , and another group beneath a broad mimosa tree were sewing diligently , while mrs . erasmus and another missionary lady , a white woman , took it in turn to read to them out of a bible translated into their tongue .
in india , pepper grew like a weed in great numbers .
he supposed his friends had spent the afternoon goofing off down at the babe ruth diamond on walnut street , maybe playing a little one - on - one , more likely playing pepper or three - flies - six - grounders or roily - bat .
nick has also finished what dave started with his game of pepper : the team is fully awake now , and ready to do some business .
no one wants to end up counting on a game of pepper or a four - leaf clover today .
the seeds resemble large black pepper corns , but black pepper they are not .
for those with the stamina to search it out , black lung made one album , released on the pepper label , a little memphis soul mixed in with their own acid - blues .
the cover photograph of black lungs pepper records album , turntable poison , is an unaccredited eggleston photograph .
no , no , edit this out cm : funny line about her being hotter than a pepper sprout .
he does n't remember ever seeing pepper in the apartment at all , but he figures there 's no harm in having a look around .
chapter 12 : robert mcandrews , one last time ' we 're sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely , sergeant pepper 's lonely hearts club band ... ' eventually , inevitably , the city drew robert mcandrews back ; as dusk fell its lights blazed fiercely across the park , blinking hypnotically .
i had left it unlocked earlier in the day when i walked across the cul - de - sac after lunch to chat with pepper about the upcoming holiday and cookout .
at first pepper thought i was crazy to start sleuthing , but when i found lucy washingtons adopted brother and the life insurance policy he had fraudulently taken out on her husband , the case ripped wide open , and lucy was released .
jackie would be up for a run to pittsburgh tomorrow , but with pepper hosting the cookout on tuesday , i knew she would need some convincing .
the kids continued to sulk , while i chose to keep my thoughts to myself and allow pepper to drive without aggravation for a while .
i stepped back inside the gate and saw pepper rushing the kids away from the mound .
i was mad at pepper for telling her in the first place .
matt dropped by at five oclock to pick up jackie , and i left twenty minutes later after promising pepper i would go with her to figure perfect tomorrow evening .
jo enlists her sister , pepper , and her journalist friend , jackie , to help solve the girl 's murder .
her sister , pepper , and journalist friend , jackie , are on hand to assist in catching the real killer .
she rode midas ; for me , she suggested a quarter horse named pepper , which her dad usually rode .