she stepped to his side and took the now dissected pepper and showed him how to cut out the top and seeds and all the white parts inside .
` ` here , you have to do it like this , '' she explained and sliced neat lines from the top to the bottom of the pepper , ` ` then turn the slices and cut them up into squares , '' showing him how to dice the vegetable .
` ` they would be proud of the woman you ' ve turned out to be , '' he said and grabbed a red pepper , chopping that up the same way as the green one .
rinsing two green peppers , she set to work chopping them as well .
while victoria chopped up onions , green peppers and mushrooms , then fixed both of them an omelet , laci went through her mail .
an hour later , they were sitting on her sofa devouring a pizza with extra cheese , sausage , pepperoni , green peppers and black olives .
tasha devoured the roast beef and au gratin potatoes , picked through the vegetables - mainly eating the yellow and green squash , leaving the peppers pushed to one side on her plate .
every so often camille would snag a pepper from the discarded food on tasha 's plate .
paul richardson looked from katherine who was breaking eggs into a bowl to julie who was picking up a knife and getting ready to slice into a green pepper .
cecil had sent billy in with cash to pay for the gasoline so there 'd be no credit card record , but while he was inside , billy decided to pick up a dr pepper and his favorite snack food .
he was laying out vegetables on the worktop , the spring onions , mushrooms and bell peppers they 'd picked from his garden , when she reached critical mass .
` ` three egg omelet with red and green peppers , onion , jack cheese and ham .
he set a green pepper in the basket .
i found fresh tomatoes , turkey and peppers .
` ` fire - roasted piquillo peppers stuffed with fresh goat cheese and rosemary , seared sea scallops with crispy jamon , lemon aioli , and flash - fried arugula , charcuteria , patatas bravas , and my personal favorite , carne de cerdo , ribs with a pineapple brandy sauce served with crispy fried onions . ''
she picked up a pepper by the stalk , bit into its juicy , salty filling , and savored the tang of the herby cheese before launching into her best small talk .
no , she thought , as she laid out a half - dozen orange and yellow bell peppers , there really was no point in lying to herself .
` ` i was n't planning to exchange actual vows with a pepper .
i have peppers , cheese and tomatoes . ''
` ` turner , you ' ve got pepper on line one ! ''
the time we ate mexican and on a dare she took a bite of a pepper so hot tears flowed down her face as we laughed at her stupidity .
ian asked as soon as the waiter had ground their pepper and otherwise made himself necessary , then left .
` ` they 're sweet peppers . ''
onions and green peppers , fresh thyme and oregano , things she needs for whatever she 's cooking .
instead of taking out her frustrations on customers , macie snuck into the kitchen and chopped celery and green peppers for the western - style potato salad for tomorrow 's lunch special .
clem promised me a few tomato and pepper plants .
plastic flowers jammed in a perrier bottle coated with dripped wax was centered between a shaker of parmesan cheese and crushed hot peppers .
she watched david 's knife flash as the scents of onions and green peppers filled the prep area .
in the kitchen , jessie scooped the diced peppers into the hamburger and tomato mixture .
about five or six bites in , jessie noticed he 'd picked out all the green peppers and piled them off to the side .
` ` no , but you should ' ve told me you did n't like green peppers . ''
we 'll find a place with gardens and you can grow exotic chili peppers .
i have just pulled a red and green bell pepper from the refrigerator when he returns in jeans and a worn - looking bon jovi shirt .
red and green peppers , sauteed with onions , and smothered in melted cheese and shredded lettuce .
with its black - and - white limitations , it certainly did n't highlight the sparkle in those pale blue irises , or her hair - the same color as the sweet red peppers my mom has growing in the backyard garden .
i catch pepper 's eyes narrow as she studies what she must see as cash - competition .
each of us had a heaping bowlful of the ground meat , beans , sauce , and chopped peppers , and i shared out the bag of tortilla chips to use in scooping up the mixture .
but still , worry lingered as she draped the cloth over the drying rack and turned out the light to better find pepper ranging in the moonlight .
she turned back once to reassure herself that meg had gone inside with pepper .
the click of pepper 's nails on the hardwood floor jolted through her , and lilly jerked at her mother 's soft admonishment in the hall downstairs .
this morning he told me i ' m the hottest chili pepper he 's ever had .
she scowled at me and picked at the food with her fingers , trying to remove the miniscule dots of cracked pepper i 'd accidentally put in .
i 'd been distracted by the messages on my phone and forgot she only liked the ` ` tiny '' pepper from the shaker , not the freshly - ground crunchy stuff from the grinder our grandparents gave us as in our apartment - warming gift basket .
the smell of roasting chili peppers and dried flowers from the market in santiago where she 'd once strolled with francisco .
after all , what was the use of being the goddess of natural seasoning if you could n't deploy the power of the chili pepper on command ?
i thought about pepper .
` ` do n't you both think that , maybe it 's time for me to know what happened to her - to pepper ? ''
edmund came in as i returned to the half - sliced bell pepper .
` ` of course , if you allowed us to place more security around your home , as i feel is necessary , then fallon could simply ... '' he trailed off and popped the pepper into his mouth , chewing and swallowing it with a shrug .
i have never seen carrots or peppers emanate such vibrant shades before , orange like a perfect sunset , an exaggerated bright red i ' ve only seen in poppies .
just as i ' m about to question a vendor picking through his lot of green peppers , gage nudges me .
the scent of onions and peppers permeates the air , and there 's a plume of white smoke coming from the kitchen .
in fact , she told me , after eating the pie ( and the fresh breadsticks , and partaking of her portion of the big salad with banana peppers , olives , homemade croutons , and a healthy dusting of freshly shaved parmesan cheese in a light oil - based dressing ) that i did n't owe her for shower duty .
she had a bowl in front of her already filled with salad leaves , sliced cucumbers , diced tomatoes , strips of yellow bell pepper and she was working on a carrot .
sandy looked from pepper to me .
` ` you said she saw something , '' pepper answered .
that would be downright childish , she told herself as she made her way toward the delicious aroma of frying onions , garlic , peppers , and fresh tomatoes .
i take my time choosing the ripest tomatoes , greenest cucumbers and most vibrant peppers for tonight 's dinner .
standing in his kitchen cooking dinner , the knife almost sliced through the tip of heather 's finger instead of the bell pepper as another image of zach spinning out on the track zinged through her head .
it 'd fill their freezer and provide enough for their traditional new year 's dinner of boulettes des chevrettes : ground fresh shrimp mixed with peppers , garlic , onions and spices , formed into patties and deep - fried .
needing something to distract myself i reach for a pepper and pop it in my mouth .
i put another pepper in my mouth and suck on it , teasing knox .
she would n't let me pay , and soon we were sharing a pizza with green peppers and pepperoni .
` ` me too , '' he admits , picking a pepper off the pizza and discarding it into the box .
all of it artfully arranged in small white china bowls and garnished with carrots cut into the shapes of sunflowers , green peppers that had been curlicued like ivy vines , and pepper flakes that looked like bits of red snow resting on top of the mounds of steaming food .
she picked up a small knife and went to work on a yellow bell pepper .
but diego was whipping up a batch of eggs , peppers , cheese , and broken fried corn tortillas he called chilaquiles .
chapter five ` ` one blue pepper , cut into strips , '' the artificial intel igence announced .
` ` blue pepper : pungent fruit of a moloccy species rich in lycopene and vitamin c. flavor : sweet , slightly bitter .
claire plucked the pepper from the bunch and placed it on her cutting board .
the mixture of peppers , mushrooms , tomatoes , meat , and wine was heavenly , but it felt leaden on carly 's tongue .
the familiar scents washed over me : rice , onion , chili peppers , cumin , coriander .
i served the wine and added it to the tray with our hors d'oeuvres : crackers , a warm brie spread , and apricot jam mixed with hot peppers .
i handed octavia her message while amelia was chopping onions and a bell pepper .
he scoops up the peppers and onions and dumps them into the hot skillet , shaking it around and flipping the vegetables .
just a simple platter with radishes , heirloom pear tomatoes , red carrots i 'd found at the farmer 's market , and some orange peppers i 'd cut into matchsticks .
he set down the tray and selected a pepper while i started to mix up two martinis .
` ` vodka please , '' he answered , crunching down on the pepper .
and the importance of both sweet and hot peppers .
and i ' m not talking just about the sweet and hot peppers .
two steaks , cheese , onions , mushrooms , with both sweet and hot peppers on the side .
tex - mex at st . sophia 's meant tortillas and beans and peppers and cheese , so it was usually easy to whip up something meat - free .
the bags were filled with chicagoland 's finest - foil - wrapped hot dogs in poppy seed buns , coated in relish and onions and hot peppers .
i dropped my bag and looked at him , but riley pretended he had n't heard a word as he popped the top on a dr . pepper .
not to mention , the surprise lip - lock caused her to lose her balance on the tray of sashimi tuna sculpted in the shape of hearts and skewered with stalks of rosemary and topped with a roasted red pepper and sundried tomato puree - one of the gothic - themed appetizers she was particularly proud of .
i cut the carrots , slice the olives , and finely chop an onion and a red chili pepper .
he set it beside the pepper while still holding on to her .
will kissed my shoulder and went to his backpack to get his and call for a large pepperoni with green peppers .
` ` yet , '' he repeated as he chopped up a red pepper and snagged a green one for the same treatment .
he finished with the green pepper and reached for a yellow one , quickly slicing it , too , into little pieces .
yet at the end of that time , had anyone asked , mick realized he would n't have been able to report what pepper had said .
mick could n't remember pepper ever sounding nervous .
` ` i ' ve written out a will for pepper , me man o ' business . ''
abe follows , and i find santo at the grill , flipping strips of chicken and green peppers .
i slice the red pepper , careful to remove the seeds .
` ` i know what you 're doing , anastasia , '' he murmurs darkly , still preparing the first pepper .
` ` you 're quite good at this , '' he mutters as he starts on his second red pepper .
then i remember his earnest attempt to chop and dice a pepper in my apartment on friday .
macaroni noodles , hamburger , thick cheese , and what looked like some green onion and red peppers were added to the mix .
i cook the fish , baking it in foil with sliced peppers , lemons and herbs , and serve it up with yummy new potatoes from freud 's garden .
she started a soup of onions , potatoes , celery , green tomatoes , peppers , leek , and clams .
she picked up pepper and rubbed her ears .
i took a step back as avril finally appeared behind her father with pepper .
they were hilarious and even though pepper had seen them almost every day since she went to live with avril , it was like they had been apart for months .
one of her favorite things was to see into peppers mind and the simple things she thought , so when she was near pepper and me together , her joy at the dogs thoughts always made me feel special .
he fixed it , she said , a tear falling down her face as she went to pepper .
we waited a bit longer and then dr . livesay carried pepper out in his arms .
later , alice and i were in the kitchen , cooking a barely passable stir - fry made from orange cabbage , onions , green peppers , and the oversized purple broccoli .
one with green olives and pineapple , one with black olives and mushrooms one with onions and peppers , dylan said , then turned to rev , and one veggie special ?
michelle paused and chloe dug around for green peppers .
chloe ran cold water over a red pepper .
on the final day of humans existence , i would get me a large pepperoni pizza with green peppers , mushroom , black olives and onions with a glass of white wine and watch all the petty differences fade away .
good , i can finally get back home because i had a taste for a pepperoni pizza with black olives , mushrooms , green peppers and an iced cold beer .
for fruits and vegetables we will be test most of the major types including pineapples , soy , corn , wheat , cherries and peppers .
tomatoes , several types of peppers , sweet and hot , green beans , squash , zucchini , lettuce , potatoes , lots of herbs and few other things .
then there were the rows of sweet potatoes and turnips , and closer to the little farmhouse , in the summer there were tomatoes , peppers , herbs , and squash that dad had coaxed out of the rocky soil with the help of our compost pile .
she sat on a carved teak bench , so finely polished that one could almost see one 's reflection , really close to the ground , between an openwork wood coffer filled with curing vanilla beans and a large basket of dried hot peppers .
but i smiled and stepped around her on my way to the sweet peppers .
then he went back to munas vision and inspected the chocolate - brown pepper with him , its dark hues somber in contrast to the golden yellow , its green stem cut with finesse .
i need to feed me for the next year ; ill plant potatoes , onions and carrots , and green beans and peas and pumpkins , red peppers and tomatoes .
she started the cooker and the big induction cooktop smoked as she opened the fridge and took out the only raw ingredients nestled among the dried and processed food packages : four eggs , a pint of milk and a bell pepper .
a kitchen knife and half a sliced bell pepper lay on the kitchen counter .
` ` the lunch special is grilled peppers and for dinner we are doing tomato soup . ''
fresh green beans cooked al dente with peppers .
you 're fortunate i had the proper ingredients , the jindo raidel pepper had a poor crop last season , and ... '' he trailed off as sarene began heaping meat onto her plate .
it spread itself thin to cover every centimeter of flesh , to push into hirata 's now hungry mouth and entrap her tongue , where it produced the intense flavors of burning peppers alternated with sweet , cool relief .
to this day , she could n't look at a pepper without cringing .
` ` got some good tomatoes and peppers , be a shame to waste them .
yesterday pepper discovered that the labor of months had come to an unexpected end , due to the- '' joe shut the radio off at that point .
but this time pepper had impressive news .
` ` it 's called psychic news , '' volunteered pepper .
` ` anyway , your aunt could be a witch , '' said pepper .
( six months later , sick of the rain , the mosquitoes , the men , the tent .. trampling sheep who ate first the whole commune 's marijuana crop and then its antique minibus , and by now beginning to glimpse why almost the entire drive of human history has been an attempt to get as far away from nature as possible , pepper 's mother returned to pepper 's surprised grandparents in tadfield , bought a bra , and enrolled in a sociology course with a deep sigh of relief . )
there are only two ways a child can go with a name like pippin galadriel moonchild , and pepper had chosen the other one : the three male them had learned this on their first day of school , in the playground , at the age of four .
` ` your uncle 's dead , '' said pepper .
` ` it does n't have to , '' pepper countered , moving just ever so slightly into a fighting stance .
` ` yes , '' said pepper 's little sister , who was six and built like a small golden .. haired football .
` ` look , '' said pepper , desperately , ` ` no one 's saying you ca n't be a witch , you jus ' have to say you 're not a witch .
the sister took a look at pepper 's face , and decided not to chance it .
` ` if i was an alien , '' said pepper , voicing the opinion of them all , ` ` i would n't go round telling people all about mystic cosmic harmony .
` ` there are n't thirty .. nine flavors of ice cream , '' said pepper .
` ` do n't see what 's so great about that , '' said pepper .
` ` they could still be down there now , '' said pepper .
` ` huh , '' said pepper , summing up their feelings .
said pepper .
` ` must of took a long time , '' said pepper doubtfully .
` ` my mother said they were just intelligent women protesting in the only way open to them against the stifling injustices of a male .. dominated social hierarchy , '' said pepper .
then pepper said , ` ` if he 's got goat legs , he should n't have horns .
` ` it was n't blazing , '' said pepper .
prob'ly got both names , '' said pepper , with unusual diplomacy .
` ` we could go into tadfield this afternoon and not have a hamburger , '' said pepper .
` ` then the atlantisans 'd be the only ones well off , '' said pepper cheerfully .
` ` but there would n't be any people , '' said pepper .
.. he pointed to pepper , who recoiled as though adam 's finger were a whitehot poker .. ` ` could have russia because it 's red and you ' ve got red hair , right ?
` ` anyway , even if you did we 'd all know , '' said pepper .
` ` oh , we 're better'n them , '' said pepper .
` ` i dunno , '' said pepper .
` ` that 's right , '' said pepper .
` ` that 's because the people trying to sort it out were men , '' said pepper , meaningfully .
` ` of course i have to take sides , '' said pepper .
` ` it 's stupid calling it a milit'ry base , '' said pepper .
` ` b .. but we 're not asleep , '' said pepper .
` ` anyway , '' said adam , ` ` it 's bad enough having to think of things for pepper and wensley and brian to do all the time so they do n't get bored , so i do n't want any more world than i ' ve got .
` ` adam , '' said pepper , a trifle uneasily , ` ` what did happen last night ? ''
prax opened his satchel and put a double handful of leaves , orange peppers , and snow onions on the cot .
the hot smell of melting filament began to overpower the scent of peppers .
the scent of yesterday 's roasted peppers started smelling almost good .
the beef and peppers had been designed for null g : hard nuggets of protein and vegetable that resisted breaking apart in the air , but turned soft and pleasant in his mouth .
alyssa : ` ` what a gorgeous pepper . ''
then kate handed her another bell pepper .
day # 5311 from : alyssa pilcher to : david pilcher mission # 1055 contact report # 2 subject : resident 308 , a / k / a kate ballinger eighteen days post - initial contact , ballinger approached me at the gardens and gave me a bell pepper .
the pepper had been sliced open and there was a note inside that read : ` ` tracking chip on hamstring in your left leg .
day # 5314 from : alyssa pilcher to : david pilcher mission # 1055 contact report # 5 subject : resident 308 , a / k / a kate ballinger ballinger returned to my stand at the gardens with a second bell pepper .
that was pepper 's inspiration , and practical for someone of my vocation .
a soft , slouching hat hid my tightly braided hair , which pepper had pinned painfully in place .
` ` my fellow magisters have doubled the size of the city guard , '' illyrio told them over platters of honey duck and orange snap peppers one night at the manse that had been drogo 's .
in the queen 's ballroom they broke their fast on honeycakes baked with blackberries and nuts , gammon steaks , bacon , fingerfish crisped in breadcrumbs , autumn pears , and a dornish dish of onions , cheese , and chopped eggs cooked up with fiery peppers .
he rose at first light , well rested and with a hearty appetite , and broke his fast on fried bread , blood sausage , applecakes , and a double helping of eggs cooked with onions and fiery dornish peppers .
he had decided to break his fast before he went , with a blood orange and a plate of gull 's eggs diced with bits of ham and fiery peppers .
the best snake sauce had a drop of venom in it , he had heard , along with mustard seeds and dragon peppers .
with it were grape leaves stuffed with a melange of raisins , onions , mushrooms , and fiery dragon peppers .
if she desired some favorite food , figs or olives or peppers stuffed with cheese , she need only tell belandra , and it would appear .
illyrio popped a pepper into his mouth .
the soup was made with eggs and lemons , the long green peppers stuffed with cheese and onions .
after that came a savory snake stew , chunks of seven different sorts of snake slow - simmered with dragon peppers and blood oranges and a dash of venom to give it a good bite .
hizdahr had stocked their box with flagons of chilled wine and sweetwater , with figs , dates , melons , and pomegranates , with pecans and peppers and a big bowl of honeyed locusts .
aunt letty serves herself a large helping of the meatloaf made with lots of tomato sauce , mushrooms , and bell pepper .
her little green peppers stuffed with cream cheese and covered in batter are the best .
he jogs to the stove , lifting the skillet of hen eggs mixed with american cheese , red onions , green peppers and his special tomato sauce into both hands while he slowly pads towards mellas plate , first then brags .
spider reached into the brown paper sack and pulled out a pepper , holding it up for them to see .
its the fifth hottest pepper in the world .
there are crops nearby , corn mostly , also tomatoes and sunflowers , cucumbers and snap peas and peppers .
they had stands set up all in a row filled with all kinds of fair foods ; like grilled corn on the cob , polish sausages topped with grilled peppers and onions , pulled pork barbecue , along with foods i did nt recognize .
even gloria grew to anticipate being able to collect fresh tomatoes and peppers .
the first harvest was reaped in a little less than two months - by then , they had a dutch family staying with them - and they had a bit of a party with the succulent tomatoes and crisp peppers .
it is southwest so it has spicy beans and peppers .
we 'll have two eggplant parms , a large pie with mushrooms and peppers , hold the onions , two plain pies , and two slices with caramelized onions .
the bright dashes of color from tomatoes or yellow peppers were a treasure to be sought as she walked by .
they were pelted mercilessly by carrots , bell peppers , onions , potatoes and eggplants .
he d swapped the chilli peppers branding for the wallflowers .
in a sort of daze , i took the pepper from her and looked away as i set it in my cart .
he walked away , leaving me staring down at the bright red pepper lying next to the dark green broccoli and mellow yellow onions .
i picked up the pepper , imagining the crunchy sweetness , and thought back .
this is strange , jherie said while she set out the ingredientscans of beans , green peppers , green onions , salsa , cheddar cheeseall in neat rows for the members .
cut the peppers and green onions so they re approximately the same size as the beans .
hummus can be done lots of ways other than with red pepper , i told everyone after pulling the perfectly roasted peppers out of the oven .
he picked up a chile pepper as he said it , staring at it with a look of fear .
as she offered the cookie tray around , and trying to be helpful , natalia explained , ` ` dad 's growing green and red peppers there now , lady ruth ! ''
i went to the grocery store and bought boxes of vegetables and super fruits : kale , spinach , avocados , tomatoes , blue berries , red peppers .
max shrugs and sighs as tammie passes him a tomato , a cucumber , and a green pepper from their grocery bag .
she nodded , went out and returned with a bowl of soup , beans with chunks of meat , peppers and tortillas .
each plate had stuffed grape leaves , onions , cabbage , zucchini , hot peppers and a side salad .
not the proverbial boring carrot and celery sticks , but all kinds of things i like , kiwis , oranges , red peppers , zucchini , broccoli , yes , broccoli !
i had nt eaten yet , and caridad made one fantastic hamburger , complete with wild rice , banana peppers and red onions .
still , one burger was enough to feed yours truly and the banana peppers were just spicy enough that the whole thing was best washed down with a cold beer which is exactly what was waiting for me after finishing off the final bite .
lexie got a garden salad with tomatoes , cucumbers , red peppers and balsamic dressing .
the baby corn and mange tout were dropped into the boiling water with the new potatoes , while kevin sauted the pepper and mushrooms , and turned up the heat on the sauce .
there were also carrots , cabbages and in the green house tomatoes , cucumbers and peppers .
i took half a pound of mince from the fridge , fried it with onions and added tomatoes , peppers , paprika and chilli powder .
monsieur chris had obtained the needed ras el - hanoot , and her trip this afternoon to the bou jeloud market has supplied her with the other ingredients ; two chickens from which she would use the breasts and thighs , red onions , garlic , red chili peppers , coriander and flat leaf parsley .
lily handed him her salad bowl and then took it back full of lettuce , tomato slices scallions , peppers , celery and cucumbers .
everything tasted very fresh the tomatoes , the peppers , and whatever kind of fancy cheese he used .
day after day , he prayed for deliverance , eating the yam , cassava , hot pepper , anything they would deliver , while defecating in an aluminum bucket that he tried to push into the cement wall .
he starts to eat a chili relleno ( stuffed pepper ) with pleasure .
they ordered iced tea and the dinner special , stuffed green peppers , and clare waited silently for the woman to begin .
he initially ignored the question , instead asking me if i had a moment to get him a dr . pepper .
kaalia derogatory racist term used to refer to black people kapu- vaishya caste in andhra kamzhatang- spicy pork bone soup made with pork spine , vegetables , green onion , hot peppers and ground wild sesame seeds kimchi - traditional fermented korean dish made of vegetables with a variety of seasonings .
tomatoes , peppers , cucumbers and the prerequisite melon varieties are among the crops on file , in neatly cultivated row after row after row .
going to seed , save for the red hot peppers thriving among the sodden wilted tomato vines , bernice 's garden was laid out in blocks with wide flower - lined paths between the framed vegetable plots .
there was a medley of grilled vegetables : mushrooms , baby tomatoes , green peppers , red peppers , and onions , surrounding a steaming filet of salmon .
there was a medley of grilled vegetables : mushrooms , baby tomatoes , green peppers , red peppers , and onions , surrounding a steaming filet of salmon .
whit had started making danny an omelet , but had aborted the operation halfway through , and was now stirring up a skillet of scrambled eggs with onions , ham , green peppers and cheese .
the huevos rancheros she served him gave him the sensation of having a scuttle of hot coals poured into his mouth , but the blend of tomatoes , spices , peppers and cheese that she added to the egg concoction was irresistible .
thomas pepper could nt believe who he saw take the microphone .
and thomas pepper exited the room a shaken man , but a man with a mission and a promise to keep nonetheless .
where ever thomas pepper went , he hoped the truth was never far behind .
i want to know if pepper had you judged correctly .
your contact with pepper at his home , that intimacy you experienced with that man led to this .
serena had no response for what thomas pepper said .
thomas pepper waited .
remember , darling , where thomas pepper goesthe truth is never far behind .
i listened to what pepper had to say .
indian tomatoes , vidalia onions , red - skin potatoes , green and red bell peppers , ears of corn .
they did not eat butter beans , snap beans , squash , eggplant , or turnips , but preferred tomatoes , onions , potatoes , peppers , and corn .
she had a basket , too , and she slowly filled it with tomatoes , cucumbers , squash , peppers , onions , and eggplant .
he flipped it , and when it was brown on one side , he added a thin layer of salsa - finely chopped tomatoes and onions and peppers , all from our garden .
we made a quick pass through the garden , gathering just the essentials - tomatoes , cucumbers , and two red peppers that caught her eye .
handing jaime the ingredients he asked for , they watched as he prepared a piperade of fresh roasted green peppers , sliced white onions , tomatoes , eggs , and ham sauteed together .
she cradled a diet dr pepper that she 'd found in green 's refrigerator .
asgar heaped stewed mutton cubes , onions , peppers , ginger slices , carrots , turnips , and tomatoes onto his plate , and jon did , too .
the harvest season had begunccabbage , beets , bok choy , tomatoes , as well as the usual rice and chili peppers .
after a short prayer , they dug into their plates of texas barbeque - massive beef ribs , a deep , glossy red ; baked beans with bits of fiery chile peppers in them ; and , in the lone concession to the vegetable kingdom , steak fries .
this consisted of buttered fresh corn tortillas and scrambled eggs with peppers and onions , drenched in an orange chile sauce that just about incinerated the lining of marks 's mouth .
he bought two dr peppers in the waiting area and returned to the room without being stopped by cops , reporters , or mafia gunmen .
in the second there was a mound of yellow corn , sprinkled with green peppers , still hot from the stove .
she and esau grew four types of tomatoes , butter beans , string beans , black - eyed peas , crowder peas , cucumbers , eggplant , squash , collards , mustard greens , turnips , vidalia onions , yellow onions , green onions , cabbage , okra , new red potatoes , russet potatoes , carrots , beets , corn , green peppers , cantaloupes , two varieties of watermelon , and a few other things she could n't recall at the moment .
as for his first name , no one could remember exactly where pepper came from .
so pepper spent as much time as possible in the de soto national forest , twenty minutes but a thousand miles away from his mother .
coincidentally , patrick 's cabin was situated in the general vicinity of the forest where pepper liked to hunt .
if , by some chance , patrick did n't perish in his blazer , cutter and sweeney were now almost positive pepper did .
conversation was not something pepper thrived on , but he seemed to enjoy the break in solitude .
he closed his eyes and sucked in the heavenly aroma of black olives , portobello mushrooms , italian sausage , green peppers , and six different cheeses .
perhaps patrick , in all his meticulous scheming , had simply forgotten about pepper 's things .
` ` did someone else kill pepper ? ''
i called a forger in miami , who got joey 's social security number , and presto ! -within four days i had a nice set of papers for pepper .
the last time i saw pepper he was jogging away with a smile on his face and a stuffed backpack slung over his shoulder . ''
i wanted them to think pepper burned up in the car . ''
the pepper he had used five days ago was still on the ladder .
the bed of shredded fried potatoes is covered in melted cheese , onions , chunks of hickory - smoked ham , bert 's chili , diced tomatoes , and slices of jalapeno peppers .
a red - and - white - checkered apron covered the front of him as he worked a steel spatula over a two - tiered grill stuffed from end to end with sausages , hamburgers , marinated chicken breasts , hot dogs , red and green peppers , onions , and a small pile of garlic chunks in a nest of foil .
it 's tomatoes , lettuce , onions , radishes , green peppers , cucumber , cheese , mayo , italian dressing , and ham or whatever .
corinne stood back as amelie served up two beautifully browned slabs of buttery white fish crusted with a fragrant smattering of peppers and spices .
dinner passed the way it normally did , with claire picking out edible parts of the bell pepper and her mother holding forth about whatever she was doing for the week .
dylan 's mouth watered as she caught a glimpse of a thick , grilled sandwich heaping with sliced chicken , marinated red peppers and onion , cheese , and crisp green lettuce .
chapter 18 iquitos , amazonia fifteen hours later ... lucia sprinted from the heli pad through the remote river - port town , her senses bombarded by scents and sounds : the smell of hot peppers and green bananas in the market stands ; the incessant horns from motorcycle rickshaws ; street vendors hawking their wares , unaffected by the on - and - off drizzle of rain .
peppers and herbs might be cultivated by a tribe for two hundred years before anyone thinks to grow wheat or corn .
in some places they make their orderly little farms as they have always done , to grow thick yams , or lush green avocados , red peppers , and corn .
like biting into a - a ... jalapeno pepper .
i chopped tomatoes , onions , green peppers , and ham to put into my southwestern omelets .
back to her task , she saw that plenty of beer lined the entire middle shelf , so she pulled out two bottles of guinness , closed the door , then proceeded to fold food from her home fridge onto the counter ; sour dough , sharp cheddar , ham , a ripe tomato , bell pepper and a stick of butter .
mrs . pepper asked .
and of course she should be able to smell the mushrooms , green peppers , and onions that would be sauteing for melissa 's omelet .
ashe pushed sali toward the greenhouse afterward to water tomato and pepper plants .
flats of tomatoes and peppers were lined up neatly across slatted wooden tables .
fifteen tomato plants and six pepper plants went into a box later as ashe rushed around helping customers .
sara was taking bites from a slice of red pepper that she 'd plucked from a cutting board while anna cut up ingredients for a salad .
and if you ignored the subpar drummer , they were actually good - a pink floyd red hot chili peppers mash - up , if you liked that sort of thing .
we grow potatoes and peppers and tomatoes big as pumpkins .
the thought of pepper catching patch and putting him on the fast track to hell did n't exactly give me a warm , fuzzy feeling .
between dodging pepper friberg and advising me on my new role as nephilim leader , patch had enough to worry about without needing to rush in from the sidelines every time i got in over my head .
i held my breath for five seconds , but neither pepper nor dabria seemed to have noticed me .
i jerked my chin at the cell phone in pepper 's hand .
i did n't trust pepper 's bungling , inept antics .
chapter 9 i gave you a chance to do this the easy way , but i ' m running out of patience , '' pepper said .
` ` i ' m one of the good guys , '' pepper said .
think this through , pepper .
` ` not that it 's any of your business , but pepper searched me out that night because he knows i have connections to patch .
the other night i saw his ex talking to pepper behind the devil 's handbag .
` ` if pepper is on an errand from a small faction of archangels , and the others find out or suspect foul play , pepper 's employers have the perfect cover : they can claim he 'd gone rogue .
` ` if pepper is on an errand from a small faction of archangels , and the others find out or suspect foul play , pepper 's employers have the perfect cover : they can claim he 'd gone rogue .
scott snagged a chair from a nearby table and made room for it right next to pepper .
` ` hello , pepper .
` ` let 's take this outside , '' pepper told me , folding from the game .
i slapped a pointy toothpick into pepper 's fleshy palm .
i fixed my eyes on pepper 's .
i grabbed pepper 's sleeve before he could run off .
` ` i ' m starting to get an idea of what pepper wanted from me . ''
` ` i have pepper 's number .
yes , pepper did have access to something that would give us bargaining power over fallen angels - and secure nephilim faith in me .
the pompous smirk drained from pepper 's eyes , and he gave a cold bark of laughter .
if pepper succeeded in getting the feathers , the nephilim would have a way of winning the war with a single strike of a match .
with pepper 's questionable chance at success , combined with the oath i swore to hank , and the precarious situation of the entire nephilim race , there was no other way .
it was monday , pepper 's deadline .
i strode across the foyer and into the living room , looking for pepper .
i did n't know if this was evidence of a recent struggle , or left over from patch 's hasty departure nearly two weeks ago , when pepper had hired thugs to destroy the place .
it could only be pepper 's enchanted dagger .
patch had n't given up my secret , which left pepper .
she swiped pepper 's blade at me , and i jumped back , tripping .
an oven - baked pizza , extra green peppers , light on sauce , was ordered , along with breadsticks .
` ` i do n't know , '' i said , washing a pepper in the sink .
and he made aria laugh : when the two of them had gone to the cooking class at hollis , knives poised over green bell peppers , noel had pointed out that they looked just like lumpy butts .
yellow mustard , onions , chunked tomatoes , sweet pickle relish , peppers - whole , of course , and pickled - a dill pickle slice , and a pinch of celery salt .
spaghetti mixed with fried peppers , mushrooms , water chestnuts , and a tangy tomato soy sauce .
a large green pepper collided with gideon .
peter piper picked a peck of pickled pepper .
velveeta , black beans , tomatoes , leftover chicken , pepperonis , red peppers , onions , hot sauce .
i find tomatoes and mushrooms and a red pepper in the vegetable drawer , so i chop that hooey up like a pro , using one of donna 's super expensive knives and a thick - ass chopping board .
after i cut up the chicken and the red peppers into thin strips , i put it all in a big old silver bowl and douse it in a load of soy sauce and sesame seeds .
` ` where 's your bell pepper ? ''
perhaps because of the diet dr pepper consumed earlier , peter and neil are up later than they expected to be .
i look around at the huge frescoes of different vegetables painted on the orange wall behind jeffrey 's head : a giant avocado , four big tomatoes , an enormous green pepper .
as i watched , i could feel myself mentally shadowing the woman 's own movements , as she quickly heated a reserve of skillet oil for mushrooms and peppers , then added a couple of lethal pinches of chili pepper and a dried bay leaf to the sauce already simmering on the stove .
i could feel my hand cover the spine of the knife blade , a technique i 'd learned on a cooking show that had effectively demonstrated the cleanest way to chop and seed a jalapeno pepper .
on the floor we have a small area of wheat , sorghum , pepper plants with several varieties of peppers , and an area of asparagus .
the dripping grease sizzled and spat on the fiery coals , filling the air with the tang of beef , venison , and pork , as well as the aromas of onions , tomatoes , hot peppers , and so many mingled herbs sylah stopped identifying and resigned herself to some abandoned overeating .
i ve put in carrots , potatoes , peppers , peas and mild onions and cooked it since this morning so all the flavors are mixed properly .
fast ass pizza , pepper said .
felicia pointed to pepper .
i m sorry about that , pepper said .
jina turned back to pepper .
oh , my god , pepper , its beautiful .
hilarious , said pepper flatly .
that would ve worked , i guess , said pepper .
its just harmless fun , jina , said pepper .
she turned to pepper .
were sorry , said pepper .
ill have a salad , said pepper .
i d like a coke , said pepper .
then , pepper , and finally jina who tossed herself into peppers arms .
its not okay , pepper .
jina stretched out on the couch and begrudgingly let mr . ashinoyubi give her a gentle foot rub while she texted with pepper who was on her lunch break at school .
she laughed , but pepper did nt give up one snicker .
not once had jina seen anything on pepper further than an annoyed frown that could not be remedied with an easy jest .
in front of me appeared my favorite two slices spinach ricotta and an eggplant red pepper .
it started with granola bars and apple juice , then small pork cutlets and baked potato with lime water , and by that evening she was serving him pasta with sausage and peppers with red wine ; all of it high in iron .
i want some peppers and tomatoes for dinner . ''
he saw darkly veiled women sitting quietly under tattered awnings , platters of oranges , peppers and dates heaped around them , while others roasted food over smouldering braziers .
my lips tingled , as if i 'd swallowed a particularly unpleasant hot pepper .
her grandmother was planning a large garden with tomatoes , cucumbers , artichokes , squash , carrots , beats , turnips , onions , radishes , and bell peppers .
she sat in the garden 's failing light , evening 's darkness creeping in from the forest and invading the tomato and pepper plants .
giuseppina and jim ( he insisted on anglicizing his non - native - sounding name , giacomo ) had once lived on the second floor of her parents house : a modest red - brick , federal style , with a shallow front yard and deeper back , lined on either side by a rusting wire fence against which either tomatoes , zinnias , peppers , or curly endive grew .
bent and casually resting his forearms on pepper 's haunches , he looked over his shoulder at her with an inviting smile , and then turned his view back toward the lake .
leaning on the donkey , which pepper was content to allow , brody looked like a powerful and rugged noble in farmer 's clothing .
you wanted to ride in the limo with pepper .
as she removed her food from her lunch bag , the first item she set out on the table was a couscous salad that included dried currants , chopped bell peppers , rinsed and drained canned chick peas , some medium scallions and fresh cilantro .
it ll go down better than finding out magic comes out of thin air , at any rate , pepper said , downing a deep draught of grape juice .
she used lean meat , dark kidney beans , carrots cut small , a bottle or so of dark beer , and freshly sliced hot peppers .
they laid it aside while he had his dinner : an enormous horned cow spit - roasted and dressed with heaps of green and scarlet peppers with blackened skins , and also a great mound of mushrooms , for which he had acquired a taste in capetown ; meanwhile laurence sent his men to dinner and rowed over to the allegiance to have a final meal with riley , convivial though quiet ; they did not drink very much , and afterwards laurence gave him a last few letters for his mother and for jane roland , the official post having already been exchanged .
two dozen servants or more bustled around with great noise , setting rugs and cushions for them upon the terrace , all around the marble pool , and ferrying great platters from the kitchens , laden with fragrant pilaff and heaps of mashed aubergines , cabbage leaves and green peppers stuffed with meat and rice , skewers and thin - sliced roasted meats redolent of rich smoke .
laurence hoped he might not have a very dismal meal ahead of him , having some vague impression of restrictions upon the jewish diet , but the late dinner was more than respectable : a very good leg of lamb , roasted to a turn in the turkish manner and carved off the spit into thin slices , with new potatoes dressed in their skins and a fragrant glaze of olive oil and strong herbs ; and besides a whole fish roasted with peppers and tomatoes , pungent and strongly flavored with the common yellow spice , and a tenderly stewed fowl which no one could have objected to .
clary picked a hot pepper off her plate and nibbled the edge meditatively .
i made them a la mexicana with diced onion , tomato , and hot peppers .
there was turtle soup and lobster salad , stuffed crabs and larded sweetbreads , oyster pie and mutton chops , terrapin , pan - fried chicken , turnips and stuffed peppers , roast beef and breaded veal cutlets , irish potatoes and green corn and carrots and artichokes and snap beans , a profusion of rolls and breads , wine and spirits from the bar and fresh milk in from the city , plates of new - churned butter , and for dessert plum pudding and lemon pie and floating islands and sponge cake with chocolate sauce .
he managed to slow her slightly by buying real food - a waxed paper cone of saffron rice , hot peppers , and strips of roasted butterfin flesh , and a tall , thin glass of flavored rum - and by picking a hill in the park nearest the palace where they could sit on the grass and watch the great , slow river of people slide past them .
he made himself a cheese omelet and a triple rasher of bacon , fried up some small red potatoes with onions and peppers , and washed it all down with a large orange juice and a fresh - brewed pot of jamaican blue mountain .
` ` ai n't no sunshine '' -bill withers ` ` ballroom blitz '' -sweet ` ` the bitter end '' -placebo ` ` black horse and the cherry tree '' -k . t. tunstall ` ` blockbuster '' -sweet ` ` bother '' -stone sour ` ` boulevard of broken dreams '' -green day ` ` bridge to better days '' -joe bonamassa ` ` calling card '' -rory gallagher ` ` coming undone '' -korn ` ` crazy '' -gnarls barkley ` ` cry '' -james blunt ` ` dani california '' -red hot chili peppers ` ` the denial twist '' -the white stripes ` ` face down '' -red jumpsuit apparatus ` ` give me your love '' -reef ` ` god is a bullet '' -concrete blonde ` ` going to my hometown '' -rory gallagher ` ` gone daddy gone '' -gnarls barkley ` ` i ' m still awake '' -hybrid ` ` inertia creeps '' -massive attack ` ` the jean genie '' -david bowie ` ` jenny was a friend of mine '' -the killers ` ` judith '' -a perfect circle ` ` just another day '' -oingo boingo ` ` killing in the name '' -rage against the machine ` ` ladyfingers '' -luscious jackson ` ` last resort '' -papa roach ` ` look after you '' -the fray ` ` maybe tomorrow '' -stereophonics ` ` original fire '' -audioslave ` ` private idaho '' -the b-52s ` ` pump it up '' -elvis costello ` ` punish me with kisses '' -bird york ` ` rock lobster '' -the b-52s ` ` steady as she goes '' -the raconteurs ` ` stuck in the middle with you '' -stealers wheel ` ` take a number '' -stone sour ` ` tear you apart '' -she wants revenge ` ` temperature '' -sean paul ` ` through glass '' -stone sour ` ` ... to be loved '' -papa roach ` ` tubthumping '' -chumbawamba ` ` venus '' -bananarama ` ` voodoo light '' -jim suhler and monkey beat ` ` we used to be friends '' -the dandy warhols ` ` when i ' m gone '' -3 doors down ` ` wichita lineman '' -glenn campbell ` ` worry about you '' -ivy highly recommended : joe bonamassa 's new album , you amp ; me !
noal 's shoulders were stooped and he had a nose the shape of a large , bent pepper growing right out the middle of his face .
i liked the way the vegetables were all laid out like jewelry in a velvet - lined case : cabbages tucked neatly next to shiny red peppers next to cucumbers next to lettuce , all of it misted over , regular , with a fine spray of water .
he next added two green tabasco peppers , followed by a portion of goat 's milk from his canteen .
she planned as she hurried up the hill toward the studio : first , the onions and the peppers , get them going in the large cast iron frying pan ; second , the chicken , cut in chunks ; then the chicken stock and the coconut milk , the curry and the basil .
; bacla with garlic and potatoes ; carciofi ripieni ; and peeled sweet peppers stuffed with breadcrumbs , anchovies , parsley , basil and peperoncino , sauted and cooked with chopped tomatoes .
fergus called out from the kitchen , pepper , have we got a guest ?
after cyrus was through with killing the family , he , alex , and i went to the cafe as usual to drink our coffees and eat gritty bacon and crunchy peppers and potatoes in the dark night .
he had been raised in a family of ravenous meat - eaters where medium - rare meant the cook had breathed hard on the steak and the concept of well - done was unknown ; he loved hot sauces and hot peppers ; he did not believe in fruits and salads unless one was badly constipated ; he 'd eaten like that his whole fucking life , still ate like that , and would probably go on eating like that until they slammed him into a hospital bed and started feeding him all the right things through a plastic tube .
you parked your car in a dirt parking lot and paid your two bucks at the gate , and when you were barely inside the fairgrounds you could smell hot dogs , frying peppers and onions , bacon , cotton candy , sawdust , and sweet , aromatic horseshit .
she rolled down main street and out into the country , sitting bolt upright and white - knuckled , a graven smile on her face , tongue - twisters ( she sells pickled peppers bitter butter ) flying through her head .
' i could smell their meat , the way they cure it , and green peppers , and that olive oil they like that smells rancid when it comes out of the can and then sweet when it 's been cooked .
' can i have a dr pepper when we get home , mommy ? '
he ordered the susan 's sexy scramble ( onions , peppers , mozzarella cheese ) with bacon on the side , along with coffee and juice .
i took the liberty of ordering for all of usspaghetti with a vegetarian red sauce , bread , italian sausage with stewed green peppers , risotto , salad , red wine , and some appetizers .
a tv ad showing inca indians high in the mountains of mexico , show them toiling under the crushing sun , sweating , struggling with rudimentary tools made of fallen trees or ox bone or something , all to produce the perfect tomato , the perfect pepper that will go into the making of sombrero salsa .
i handed over a bowl of red and orange bell peppers .
` ` naturally , the success of this dish rests on the freshness of the greens , especially the peppers . ''
the aroma of onions , peppers and strong coffee filled the kitchen .
when mars aligns with venus olive oil and seasonings 1 tablespoon dried basil 1 tablespoon chopped parsley 1 tablespoon minced garlic 2 tablespoons shredded parmesan , asiago , and romano cheese 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 teaspoon ground black pepper 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt 1/2 teaspoon chopped rosemary 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper 1/2 teaspoon olive oil combine all ingredients in a food chopper and mix .
add taco seasoning , corn , kidney beans , diced tomatoes , tomato sauce , and jalapeno peppers .
he laid the hot pepper that came with his burritos off to the side of his paper - sack plate .
he lowered his gaze to the pepper .
the tinny sound of an ancient country song drifted out of the jukebox and the yeasty smell of beer mixed with hot peppers wafted through the place .
while i waited for her return to the great room , i poured a couple of glasses of one of my favorite sauvignon blanc labels to accompany a platter of camembert and brie , a small dish of kalamata olives , a delicious black olive tapenade from spain , some sweet red peppercini peppers , and of course some water crackers .
i brought sweet and sour chicken and green peppers and beef and of course egg rolls , he said opening the boxes .
i do nt like sweet and sour but i love green peppers and beef , i said , helping myself to the rice and beef .
gen inspects the spinach lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , bell peppers , red onions , black olives , in addition to our select meats , cheeses and dressings .
` ` the secret 's in the ' trinity ' , onions , celery and green peppers .
chorizo , sliced 6 chicken breasts , boned and cut into small pieces ground black pepper 5 oz ( 150 g ) onions , chopped 4 sticks celery , chopped 8 oz ( 225 g ) green peppers , chopped 1 tablespoon chopped garlic 1 pints ( 700 ml ) stock cayenne pepper 14 oz ( 400 g ) white long - grain rice heat the oil in a large , heavy saucepan and add the sausage .
chorizo , sliced 6 chicken breasts , boned and cut into small pieces ground black pepper 5 oz ( 150 g ) onions , chopped 4 sticks celery , chopped 8 oz ( 225 g ) green peppers , chopped 1 tablespoon chopped garlic 1 pints ( 700 ml ) stock cayenne pepper 14 oz ( 400 g ) white long - grain rice heat the oil in a large , heavy saucepan and add the sausage .
fry together until browned then add the onions , celery , green peppers and garlic .
we added garlic , tomatoes , peppers , onions , and italian seasoning to a large pot and mixed it all up , dumping the now - dark brown butter into the mix .
the way the lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , peppers , onions , and other fruits and vegetables clung together on one bush made it extremely difficult to traverse .
red peppers , eggplant , romaine lettuce , mushrooms , brie cheese , wine , chicken , and shrimp .
pepperoni and green peppers , his mother said as she indulged in another chocolate .
he found the lettuce , cucumber , carrots , olives , onions and half of a green pepper but no radishes .
while charlie and jeremy chopped onions , carrots , green pepper and mushrooms , tris started the rice and made a sauce with ginger , sesame oil , cayenne and soy sauce .
we met the priestess who ran a truck stop caf and took us in and warned us about all kinds of strange goings on in the land , and gave us each a talisman for our safe passage : to me she gave a charm from a childs bracelet , interestingly a little golden boat , to noah a red plastic chili pepper on a green string and to steven a rabbit foot on a key chain that made him sad thinking about the poor rabbit but she told him it would bring him luck , luck indeed , that child was his own luck .
remembering your reaction to that jalapeo pepper you tried at our groups goodbye dinner at nicks , you would nt be an aficionado of chile .
he could make out slices of tomato and cheese and pepper and onion .
salt cod and potatoes with aioli , served with a vinaigrette - marinated toss of tomato chunks , cucumber , green peppers and portugese olives .
for the tomatoes , eggplant , snaps and peppers , i m at least a couple of weeks behind .
steamed green beans with butter , lime juice and grill roasted red peppers .
between each shot they would pluck a whole hot pepper from a glass of water in front of us , chew it with gusto .
jessica put a slice laden with pale green peppers onto her paper plate , hissed and sucked her fingertips .
back north it seemed like there was only a limited selection of tomato and pepper strains whereas here there were at least a dozen kinds of each .
the middle sections were dedicated to bulk products like coffee beans , tea leaves , herbs and spices like cinnamon , cardamom , nutmeg , several kinds of peppers ( not black ) and ginger in their kernel or unground forms .
surveyed the green mixture , spangled here and there with the red of tomato and bell pepper , then tossed it a few more times for good measure .
there is inside everything in a salad of rice sort as it is owed : gherkins , carciofini , olives , wurstel , ham , cheeses , peppers , peas , corn , everything .
yet the salad of rice does n't know neither of gherkins , neither of carciofini , neither of olives , neither of wurstel , neither of ham , neither of cheeses , neither of peppers , neither of peas , neither so much less than corn .
on the side there were several types of pickled peppers and vegetables , olives , olive oil and a sesame seed mixture for dipping bread , while tea boiled with the right amount of sugar , was always served with breakfast .
they d keep the middle leaves attached to the stem and fill them with the mix , about the same size and shape of a bell pepper .
the fairground is already teeming with vendors selling blueberries , leeks , eggs , early corn , flowers , cabbage , beeswax , zucchini , jams , cherries , biscuits , spinach , red velvet cakes , onions , kale , sweet peppers , fruit pies of every imaginable variety , eggplant , raw milk , asparagus , fudge , butter , preserves , nectarines , cheese , scallions , honey , basil , lettuce , chard , summer squash , candles , pigs feet , honey dew , peaches , carrots , radishes , collards , green beans , herb tinctures , snap peas , cucumbers , live chickens , and green onions .
the rice had absorbed the flavor of the duck and snails from the broth where they had previously been boiled , later the meat and snails were fried and then finished in the broth with the rice , some tomatoes and a few peppers .
i stepped across the vegetable garden below the house where we had eaten , the tomatoes and pepper plants were still young , waiting for their fruit to appear .
they grow beans , potatoes , tomatoes , peppers , and an assortment of other foodstuff in the large fields along the river .
mr . solomon his first name was ariyah , which meant lion in hebrew - was hummus minus all the rapturous herbs and spices no tahini , no garlic , no fresh lemon , no jalapeo pepper .
as she handed out plates of spicy chicken chow mein with fresh greens , carrots , corn , bok choy , and bird peppers , she was careful not to stain her new frock .
i pushed up through the dense atmosphere and put on blood , sugar , sex , magic from the red hot chili peppers .
small sweet peppers , the first of the summer squash , lovely berries of course .
all that time , pepper had been in her house .
after this , there was so much all at once : some thyme grew on his arm ; under his chin was an eggplant the size of two of his chins ; there was a large bunch of grapes on his head ; and there was a green bell pepper on one shoulder and yellow one on his other ; also , he was confused by the rutabaga that he had to trim from each his ankles one morning to get his shoes on because he remembered rutabagas were root vegetables .
the hour being dinner , so they went into the kitchen ... began breading soy - chops , chopping greens and reds peppers , some carrots , some nuts , composing a hearty spinach salad ... then , thawed out some flash !
between courses we thought would remind you of your mothers anatolian cuisine : tomatoes and peppers stuffed with saffron rice , raisins , currants , walnuts and almonds .
i reached into the box , taking a slice of pizza from the center of my half so there was little chance of it being contaminated by mushrooms or green peppers .
the pizza was the best he had ever tasted , piled high with cheese and bacon and green peppers .
a taco - eating pepper belly , that 's what he is boy , i wish mr . peterson would get well .
it was topped with pesto , artichoke hearts , roasted red peppers , tomatoes , spinach and mozzarella .
her dad had been a nut for hot peppers and he grew all kinds of them , some in the garden , but most in a corner of their glassed in back porch .
yes , i have quite an assortment of pepper plants .
marianne placed a serving of roasted red and green pepper salad on her plate and sighed .
diced onion , green peppers , sliced mushrooms and assorted spices were swimming in a skillet of steaming bacon grease .
the green peppers and mushrooms were cooked to perfection .
pepper asked me to make macaroni salad and deviled eggs .
she smells because she chain smokes , pepper said .
phew , pepper let out loudly .
ok , pepper , i said .
geez , jo , pepper said .
we placed our order for the poppers followed by a philly cheesesteak sandwich for me , a bourbon burger for pepper , and a taco salad for jackie .
why did pepper think i would let her have top billing ?
he turned to pepper and asked , any pie left ?
if pepper and i were going to lose weight , my boobs would get smaller , and i would probably need new bras soon .
i m going with pepper and the kids to marietta on friday , so i m going to keep my eyes open .
the tension cleared , and pepper asked , how do you know this is the place ruby went to ?
to keep pepper from giving me a hard time for divulging too much in front of kelly , i kept the details to a minimum .
i can go , pepper said .
we d like to have our nails done , pepper said .
i can live with that , pepper said .
i was careful not to make eye contact with pepper .
here , jo , pepper said .
well then , let me leave the tip , pepper said .
to top it all off , kelly did some more taping on the ride home from the salon and referred to pepper and me as the butt sisters .
carol bristol engaged to craig meyers , pepper said .
crankiness lifted for everyone when pepper turned onto a brick road and parked along the ohio river .
the kids were quick to order burgers while pepper and i ordered salads .
i suspected if pepper was nt getting her blonde hair out of a bottle , shed be full gray by now .
that was nt the whole dream , pepper said .
the place is compact , which only aids in containing all the wonderful aromas , smoking bell peppers with sizzling red onions , marinated portobello mushrooms with spicy italian sausage .
we ordered a sixteen inch paleos special : pepperoni , sausage , onions , mushrooms , green peppers , and some other stuff i could nt identify .
three eggs , three slices of crumbled bacon , mushroom slices , green peppers , diced onions , a glob of sharp cheddar cheese sprinkled with italian seasoning and a shot of salt and pepper .
i poured her a generous glass of cab and watched her inhale the sausage , ham , anchovies , green peppers , mushrooms , onions , extra cheese and god knows what else on the thin brown crust .
on the coffee table was a plate containing a ham sandwich and a stack of daggers favorite mild peppers .
its friday , she said , and opened the first box : half pepperoni and half sausage , with green peppers and mushrooms on the lot .
the bag was straining with gleaming bulbs of eggplant , peppers and tomatoes .
tiny sardines fried in batter , miniature onions swimming in some kind of spicy tomato sauce , raw carrots , artichoke hearts , radishes and , of course , the ubiquitous saucers of oil - drenched peppers and bread .
he would serve grilled zucchini , eggplant and peppers and a salad with it .
he liked the way that those vegetables tasted after grilling them , especially when he charred the peppers ; he hoped rosie liked them too .
ben sipped a dr pepper .
` ` at least y' all can find it funny , '' john said as he snagged another bell pepper .
she 'd put some chicken br**sts with peppers , garlic , onions and tomatoes in the oven to roast with a bit of olive oil and salt and pepper .
they had reached the kitchen and kara was pulling lettuce , peppers and other vegetables from the refrigerator .
but once the phone stopped ringing and the room filled with the fragrant aroma of tomatoes , peppers , and garlic , i forgot my annoyance and turned to grab a couple of plates .
` ` ham , cheese , mushrooms , green peppers , onions ? ''
` ` how about green peppers , mushrooms and tomatoes ? ''
he took a bite of the crisp , hot french fries , seasoned with a hint of cayenne pepper .
for this particular date , shed asked if they could come here since the restaurant offered her favorite poblano pepper and portobello mushroom tacos .
quite the recipe , she said , taking a knife to a green pepper .
a nearby ceramic bowl held a mix of scrambled eggs , sliced green peppers , diced onion and grated feta cheese .
for lunch , they ate palm grubs fried with salt and hot peppers called pili - pili .
we used a cutting board to slice vegetables together , and at one point , he popped a slice of red pepper into my mouth and i reciprocated by giving him a slice of a green one .
cutting onions into thin rings , halving baby tomatoes , slicing a green bell pepper and washing huge salad leaves as well as dark olives felt like a surprisingly attractive pastime .
i m done for now chapter twenty - one dale finally got that bison chili made for dinner and it was good exceptionally good he cooked it in two large dutch ovens with peppers , black beans , tomatoes and lots of spices .
tara placed the tomatoes in a bowl and started on red and green bell peppers .
katie bit into a pepper and ran the tip of her tongue over her lips .
she skillfully chopped an onion and green pepper into tiny cubes , got out a frying pan , and rinsed the ground beef with water before adding the ingredients together .
blake had an impressive collection of rock posters hanging on his walls : a rolling stones poster with a pair of dice on it , an the offspring poster that was black , red and yellow and had their logo of a skull with flames on top of its head , a green day poster with psychedelic colors and the guitarist on it , a sex pistols poster that was black and white and that had a picture of the queen of england on it and the words : god save the queen - sex pistols , a led zeppelin poster with an avocado with eyes on it , a tom petty poster that read : wanted tom petty : heartbreakers , a pink floyd poster with a flying pig on it , a red hot chili peppers poster with a grinning green demon eating a chili pepper , and an old beatles poster .
shrimp cocktail , bruschetta with a white bean pure , asparagus spring rolls , and stuffed piquillo peppers with goat cheese were all on the list .
he never hesitated to plant a new variety of peppers or beans if she wanted to try it .
we had cherry tomatoes , onions , peppers , mushrooms , cubed steak chunks , cubed chicken and shrimp as ingredients to use .
the top choice was tomatoes , followed by lettuce , green and red bell peppers , snow peas , beans , corn , garlic .
as ian fried onions , peppers , and black beans , kira studied his house .
millie banning diced the green peppers at my kitchen table and scrunched her nose .
she turned her attention back to the green peppers , and began chopping harder .
robin munched on a slice of green pepper and handed one to jeff .
he 'd chopped an onion , a green pepper and several mushrooms by the time she dragged a stool to the counter .
sam would do something -rearrange the spice cabinet , turn on too many lights , say that she could n't stand green peppers or anything with walnuts or susan sarandon - that irritated his mother .
christine smiled and handed him two green peppers .
things did look up when the waiter set down their next course , asparagus salad with brilliant roasted red peppers .
rummaging in the vegetable bin , she located a useable green pepper , half an onion and a questionable - looking zucchini , which she deftly tossed in the garbage .
two thick steaks sat on the kitchen counter , and the green salad made with lettuce from her garden and fresh tomatoes , green peppers and slivered carrots was in the refrigerator , ready for her green goddess dressing .
the salad , which included several leafy greens , was full of green peppers , red onions and radishes , plus pine nuts and goat cheese .
` ` i suppose you were just doing your job , '' she muttered , tossing a green pepper into her cart .
rubies cost less per pound , but she had a fondness for green peppers and felt she deserved a treat .
the food smelled delicious and she closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of jack 's peppers and the mixture of salsa and coriander .
she told him that soon they 'd have produce from their garden - lettuce and peppers and beans .
` ` be sure and tell them no green peppers , '' she said , refocusing her attention on the costume .
` ` i like green peppers , '' he muttered , not realizing rosie could hear him .
first about ordering pizza for dinner , then about the green peppers , and he had n't wanted to wear his suit to the school meeting , and ... later that night , despite her best efforts , their discontent with each other had escalated into a full - blown argument .
there were stuffed green peppers and caesar salad with homemade croutons , plus seafood spaghetti .
` ` i 'd forgotten how good your stuffed green peppers are . ''
since it was monday , he guessed she 'd probably prepared either stuffed green peppers or her fabulous meat loaf .
she directed me in helping her prepare an elaborate spread of food , pasta , homemade sauce in clear mason jars , some kind of dish with sauteed chicken and roasted red peppers , steamed vegetables ... too many other dishes and sides to remember or name .
late that afternoon she walked out to the garden to gather a few fresh peppers to add to the spaghetti sauce she was cooking .
wren had a plate full of grilled green peppers and onions , and two oranges .
chase set a big salad bowl on the table , brimming with tomatoes and spring greens , peppers and slices of purple onion .
she stowed her bag away , grabbed her apron , and settled herself at the table to chop tomatoes and peppers .
they feasted on crisp crackers , creamy cheese , and sweet peppers , washing it down first with water and then champagne .
` ` and olives , and green peppers , and tomatoes , '' babs said .
the rich scent of frying bacon and sausage was in the air , underlaid with that of coffee and the spiciness of chili peppers .
he deseeded a bell pepper , then chopped it quickly into small squares .
his mouth watered just thinking about what she could do with a fresh fish , a couple of tomatoes , peppers and a few spices .
she followed that with green peppers and onions , moved the whole lot to the butcher block , then pulled out a knife and cheese grater from a counter drawer .
finished with the onion , she 'd already moved on to the green pepper .
she poured in a large can of tomato sauce , then added the onions and peppers and a dash of tabasco , along with salt and pepper .
as side dishes , she'ddecided on stuffed peppers and corn bread , and as an appetizer , she wanted to make a bacon - wrapped brie , topped with a raspberry sauce .
sunday night , we had pizza with green peppers and broccoli .
the heady aroma of the stuffed peppers and spicy beans with sausage made lauren 's mouth water .
angie watched her mother move through the boxes of fresh vegetables , choosing the same things day after day : tomatoes , green peppers , eggplants , iceberg lettuce , yellow onions , and carrots .
mama never paused to inspect the portobello or porcini mushrooms , the brightly colored array of peppers , the baby pea pods , the butter lettuce , or the rich , dark truffles .
charlotte read over the choices , made her selection and scooped up a jalapeno pepper with a chip .
charlotte asked for the specialty salad , which consisted of beans , rice , cheese , shredded chicken , lettuce and slices of tomato and jalapeno peppers .
convinced her never again to eat a jalapeno pepper to prove a point .
i scrambled eggs in a bowl , throwing in a concoction of onion , green and red pepper , and then poured it into a skillet .
the vegetables would be perfectly tender , their flavors merged into a silken tangle of tomatoes , sweet peppers , string beans , and walla walla sweet onions ; all of it swimming in a rich garlic - and - lemon - tinged lamb broth with big chunks of succulent meat .