next to the chairs , votive candles lit the way up the aisle that was adorned in multicolored rose petals .
leftover food and cake clutters every surface of the kitchen , crushed petals stain the floors , and the plastic flowers on the rickety altar out back have started dropping off , one by one .
` ` these are my favorites , '' she said , touching the delicate petals of one of the perfect , pink roses with just a hint of red on the tips of each petal .
` ` this is a pretty rose , '' she said , her fingers caressing the petals gently , unknowingly sensuous as her fingers trailed down to the ends of the delicate flower .
the perfect shape of the petals that are designed to encourage and entice bees and other bugs to rest and take their nectar .
their path was strewn with rose petals and as she made her way between the rows of chairs set up on the lawn for the guests , morgan heard the gasp from the assembled friends and relatives that signified they 'd caught sight of claire for the first time .
she knelt before him , her beautiful dress puddled around her like the petals of a flower .
jett had lit candles and scattered rose petals on the hardwood floor .
he had this beautiful dessert sent up , and rose petals strewn all over the floor ... well , it would have been the perfect moment .
` ` spreading rose petals on the floor one day before your intended proposal .
she was very serious about her flower girl duties and held off on dropping any petals until the right time .
he pulled me towards the bed , which was covered in red rose petals .
i fingered a soft petal between my fingers , and then i noticed a card wedged among the many multicolored buds .
she was breathtakingly beautiful with long chestnut hair floating around her heart - shaped face and a pretty pout that drew attention to the pink petals of her lips .
slowly and carefully , her face beaming with pride , she left the church vestibule and walked up the aisle with her basket of red rose petals , sprinkling the flowers along the path ahead of her .
and each time he 'd gone near her there 'd been that faint fragrance of rose petals .
no , she was a thorn - bearing rose and all he wanted to do right then and there was kiss her till she shed those thorns and unfolded her soft petals so he could sink deep into ... ` ` listen , '' she said , shattering his reverie and dragging him back to reality , ` ` you have to take your injury seriously .
she pressed those soft petals against his mouth , applying a sweet gentle pressure as one hand slid down and she planted her palm against his chest .
even through the diaphanous veil that covered her face he could see the soft petals of her rose - red lips and the brilliant sparkle of her onyx eyes .
too soon she was pulling away but he expelled a soft sigh of relief when she drew the satiny petals of her lips down his neck , sending sweet shivers running up his body .
as if that were n't idyllic enough , a bouquet of rich , red roses sat by the candles , their petals gleaming ruby - red in the subdued light .
this evening the usually bare table was elegantly decorated with a collection of red and white scented candles clustered in the center of a circle of tiny bowls filled with rose petals .
i noticed that he had a single black satin sheet on the bed and that it had a smattering of pink rose petals .
rose petals dotted the white marble floor and floated on a sea of iridescent bubbles in the giant bath tub .
the rose petals and bubbles obscured my view of what was below the surface of the water , but as i came in for a kiss , i could feel how ready he was .
i peek around the door to watch her as she takes careful , measured steps and throws her flower petals just so .
lorelei wandered around the huge room , touching the petals of a vase full of flowers to make sure they were real .
then max stepped out , his basket of rose petals in his hand .
he did well all the way until the end of the aisle when he threw the petals up into the air then giggled as he watched them float down around his head .
everyone was dressed in their finest and tossing petals over their head as max ushered clarissa into a white , open carriage led by two beautiful white horses .
the flower petals showered down as max led her through the crowd and into the back of a limousine .
she touched one flower gently , afraid to mar the perfection of the petals as she twirled around , looking at the hundreds , possibly thousands of red roses .
` ` think of the roses like my hand and caress your skin with the petals .
only the candles flickered in response and the petals on the hundreds of flowers waited anxiously .
she 'd done a study on the fact that nature always produced in prime numbers and she 'd grown different flowers , counting the number of petals as her example .
caves in the human worlds usually sparkled with stalactites and stalagmites but here in the realm of faeries , the caves glowed with flowers that seemed to thrive in darkness , their petals shining bright in a rainbow of colors .
i keep thinking how when i have you in my bed , i 'd use all those petals to sprinkle all over you , tickle you , use it to caress your clit -- - '' he paused then asked wickedly , ` ` are you turned on now ? ''
here and there i 'd let my fingers graze the bark of a tree , a flower 's tender soft petals , their textures a way of cementing the fact that this was all real .
her cell rang and she searched for it , finding it under the dresser with a necklace and yellow flower petals .
he made another pass with the petals of the rose he was holding , highlighting her eyebrows .
catching it , she lifted the soft petals to her nose and breathed deeply .
one of him gently laying her down on a thick carpet of flower petals on the floor , sinking his hands into her hair , and kissing- a cold breeze hit him and he blinked , stunned to find his arms holding air and rose by the door with ivy on her hip .
only he knew that she visited her parents ' graves once a month , on the fifteenth , which was today the wind picked up , sending a few petals from the bouquet in his hand floating .
a bride and groom kissed under an ornamental tree while the bridesmaids and groomsmen threw flower petals in the air .
when it was over , she joined everyone else as they threw rose petals and blew bubbles at the couple .
` ` like a flower blooming , slowly opening its petals .
there were pink petals scattered on the stone floor , and hundreds of lit candles had been placed around the chapel .
hunter reached out , ran one finger along the pale pink petals of the closest blossom and slid a glance to the old man watching him .
it had an oval - shaped pool that was decorated with rose petals , further left of the room .
colorful silk made - up tent and beaded throw pillows , kaftan rugs , and large glass bowl - stands with petals and floating candles embellished the room .
i went in the pool scattered with rose petals .
and a pool full of rose petals .
pink and purple petals of clustered posies filled half - barrel pots and the blooms flitted in the breeze .
julian leaned forward and rested his elbows on his thighs and absently caressed the soft petals of the roses in his hands .
they had to be artificial flowers but looked very real , and jake 's mind instantly conjured up a vision of this mel artfully posed nude on a red satin sheet being showered by american beauty rose petals .
in the centre of the manicured lawn was a magnolia tree , laden with its purple and pink flowers , the grass around it strewn with fallen petals .
she 'd been putty in his hands once , a beautiful rosebud of a girl whose petals he had gradually unfurled , bringing her to full glorious bloom .
' like the petals of a pink flower , ' he purrs .
all the layers are petals of the most delicately conceived and dramatically executed rose i have ever encountered .
the ends of some of the petals are frayed to give the impression of lustrous softness .
the ground is carpeted with green turf and scattered with flower petals .
i note the wood stove , the cheap artificial carpets , the oil burning brass lamps , the antique wind - up gramophone , and the low bed , its orange silk sheets strewn with rose petals : our marriage bed .
my weight crushes the flower petals .
she wants him to tell her that her eyes remind him of the sea or the sky , and her lips remind him of rose petals ... '' royce studied her in appalled surprise .
` ` aunt anne , could you actually care for a man who dropped to his knees and said , ' oh clarabel , your lips are the petals of a red rose and your eyes are two stars from the heavens ' ? ''
` ` but i used to be able to snap the petals off a daisy at seventy - five paces . ''
julie basked in that newfound knowledge ; she blossomed in its warmth like a tender bloom opening its petals to the sunlight .
it was two inches wide and fashioned to look like a delicate cluster of flowers , with diamonds cut in various shapes to make up the petals and leaves of tulips , roses , and orchids .
irritably , she bent and plucked a lovely pink rose and raised it to her nose , inhaling its scent , then she began absently snapping the petals off , one by one , her thoughts in a turmoil .
pink rose petals floated down about her skirts , joining those of the red roses , the white , and the yellow which she had also unconsciously shredded .
his amused glance slid to the rose petals strewn about her skirts .
alexandra followed the direction of his gaze , flushed with embarrassment , and said with a mixture of distress and frustration , ` ` the roses are beautiful , but- '' ` ` -but you were bored with the way they looked when they had their petals on , is that it ? ''
she pointed towards an electric - blue flower with five petals .
the candles were lit , the lights were dim , and rose petals trailed into the bedroom .
taking a gulp of my drink , i watched through the glass as he looked around at the rose petals on the floor and the table perfectly set up for two .
looking around , i noticed everything was clean : the shattered glass from last night was no longer on the counter top or the floor , and the rose petals that i placed on the floor were all gone .
the basket she held was filled with yellow rose petals .
celia is next and skips down the aisle , making a game of throwing petals on the path .
she chewed her lower lip that was once again the color of deep pink rose petals .
but she was flushed with the agitation of hope , while the dread of the little girl who 'd grown accustomed to being turned down clouded the heavens of her eyes , made the red - rose petals of her lips tremble , and his convictions evaporated as they formed .
a hundred feet away , at the end of a deep red carpet , spread with gold dust and white rose petals , lined by flaming torches and a conflagration of lilies , stood a huge white tent flapping gently in the late - afternoon breeze , just feet from the water .
he faltered on his feet fighting against dizziness to regain his balance while bernie leaned against the wall recovering from the damage he 'd taken , spitting out blue petals from his mouth - and a tooth - in the process .
he ushered me inside , stepping on blue petals in the process .
is that why there are flower petals all over the doormat ? ''
i reached out toward my place setting , and felt dried petals , a whole dried flower , then another and another .
` ` what the ... '' the floor was covered - absolutely covered - in red and white rose petals .
because as beautiful as this all is , i ' m sticky and i have rose petals stuck to my ass and thighs . ''
he stood then helped me up after him , brushing petals off my backside .
rose petals were strewn across the floor in front of the threshold a few doors down .
she pulled at a stray petal .
will you thrust your turgid manroot into my dewy petals ? ''
everyone tensed as he reached out his large hand and softly stroked the fragile petals .
lexi walked out of her bedroom and ran her fingers over the smooth glass petals of the flowers in the vase on her dresser , as had become her custom every time she passed them and thought of him .
i ran my finger along the petals of hydrangeas and then bent down to smell them .
ferruccio felt clarissa slump beneath him , her satin limbs sliding off him like the shedded petals of a rose .
he rose onto his knees , kicked off his pants , cupped her buttocks in his hands , tilted her , opened her petals .
it was spread in satin the color of her eyes and covered in white and gold rose petals .
he stood back for one more fractured heartbeat , looking down at her , a goddess of abandon and decadence lying open and maddened with need among the petals , her satiny firmness sparkling in his kingdom 's treasures , trembling arms outstretched , bidding him come lose his mind .
her head thrashed , tossing her hair among the petals , her back a steep arch , her voice a pulse of fever .
in answer , she pushed her dress straps off her shoulder , reached back to undo its zipper , let the silk sigh to her feet like the shed petals of an alien , emerald flower .
real candles flickered from chandeliers , and the round tables lining three sides of the room were dressed in white and silver with a scattering of pink rose petals .
scarlet rose petals were scattered around the wide ledge , and to the side was an ice bucket holding an unopened bottle of champagne .
if i 'd had a flower in hand , i would have plucked its petals : he wants me ; he wants me not .
i also suspect that the wild petal i met at the club is a much larger part of sara dillon than you like to think . ''
suddenly , candace was overwhelmed by the clear picture of the two of them , entwined together on a bed of rose petals .
he picked up the surprisingly heavy cardboard box of red , pink , and purple rose petals , placed them on the floor of his foyer , and closed the front door with a soft click .
through great force of will , charlie stopped banging his head on the door , stopped torturing himself with thoughts of what a dweeb candace must think he was , picked up the box of rose petals and walked into his guest bedroom to finish preparing the classroom .
the rose petals were the final touch .
checking his watch and noting it was a quarter to twelve , he bent down , opened the large box and reached into the mass of flower petals .
when the box was empty and rose petals beautifully littered the room , he started a fire in the fireplace and then painstakingly lit each of the candles .
she wanted to wrap herself in rose petals .
several rose petals landed on her ass , thighs , and calves .
charlie moved to straddle her on the bed , blowing each of the rose petals off one by one until all that remained before him was her naked , creamy skin .
the fierce rocking of her lower body blew dozens of rose petals off of the bed , into the air and onto the floor .
the mingled scents of her pleasure and the rose petals were a fragrance he knew he would never be able to forget .
but before she could make any more feeble protests about how ridiculous it was for him to have her splayed open and tied up like some sort of sex slave on his four - poster bed , surrounded by rose petals and a hundred candles , charlie slid another length of silk fabric off the four - poster bed frame .
she smelled the potent scent of rose petals mixed with her own come and the faint scent of vanilla from the candles .
but with charlie , surrounded by rose petals , candles , and sumptuous fabrics , she had given in to his every touch .
vases of wild blooms filled every room of their rental house , petals were strewn across the sheets .
it reminds me of rose petals . ''
for half a second he had thought that maybe tamara had planned a seduction for him , and that he was going to wander through a house strewn with rose petals or something , and at the end of the line , tamara would be waiting for him in sexy lingerie .
rose petals , slinky underwear , and artful posing on the bed just were n't tamara .
pillar candles lit this one , and soft pink rose petals strewed the floor .
she knew they 'd have massaged her regardless , or why the rose petals ?
he 's wearing his white shirt and bow tie with suspenders holding his trousers up , and he does look dashing , i must admit , even with the tattered flower petals littered throughout his hair .
she has the skeleton of a bouquet hanging from her hand , most of the petals from the flowers gone .
the petals are a soft velvet .
i think of the roses and how beautiful they smell and how soft the petals are .
i asked , taking a moment to look around the garden , my hand supporting the base of the flower where the petals were secured .
` ` get her out of here , '' said tim weakly , his voice muffled in the flower petals .
i picked a few of the dried - out husks as we walked side - by - side over to the tree , plucking the petals off and letting them drop to the ground .
after a breakfast among the clouds , evan and i spent the day like petals on the wind , soft and lazy and with no purpose other than to move and to explore the city .
though i push and shove and beat my way through the gauzy silk - though i run and run until i am certain that my lungs will burst with the exertion - i can get nowhere other than where i already am , and i collapse , defeated , onto the cool ground , my skirt billowing out around me like the petals of a flower .
i 'd envied my sister a lot of things , not really understanding that she 'd had her own demons to battle , and when she walked down the aisle on a pathway of rose petals , my eyes filled with tears and my one thought had been , someday .
so i ' m going to walk myself down the aisle , a journey on a pathway of rose petals , with damien stark standing tall and elegant at the end of it .
because it is awash in rose petals .
the narrow bed is still made , the pristine white duvet covered with rose petals .
of the tub filled with scented water and rose petals .
a flowering plant i do n't recognize grows near the fence , and i grab a few petals and toss them in the pool , then lay on my stomach , trying to get a shot of only flowers and water , with no hint of concrete from the pool or the deck .
instead , the thin material is spread out like the petals of a rose floating on the gently lapping surface .
it falls to the floor , the circle of yellow like the petals of a flower .
your pu**y is like a flower , pink and pretty and begging for me to open its petals . ''
white rose petals had been sprinkled on the cover , as if to mimic the starlit night sky above them .
the delicate scent of rose petals filtered into her nose by the time they leaned back together on the pillows .
it mingled with the fresh breeze and the scent of rose petals , making her dizzy .
i counted at least twelve small ` ` petals '' surrounding a larger central island , and as we veered toward it i noticed a large structure .
he scanned for her across the flowerbeds , a sea of petals in every color .
he picked up his pace , walking across a path edged by orange and red and gold bursts of petals , then reached the bridge .
she meandered through the gardens where ruby red , sky blue , and sun yellow petals were in bloom .
i gently touched one of those blood red petals and felt its silky smoothness between my thumb and forefinger .
as she wandered into the bedroom , she found rose petals scattered over the bedspread and a bouquet of roses and box of chocolates sitting next to it .
not with the champagne and roses and rose petals meant for her and another man .
just minus the rose petals floating on top of the water .
to the other side , if you go on a few steps , a jacuzzi large enough to accommodate a dozen people , sat surrounded with candles and the water covered in rose petals .
she had scattered rose petals across the bed and she was idly playing with some of them .
she held one of the satin petals in her hands and she drew it across her erect nipples .
he backed me toward the bed , his mouth hard against mine and his fingers playing at the folded wet petals of my sex .
i bury my nose among the petals .
but the petals contour more to the curve of your sex . ''
on the outside , the design resembled a messy , misshapen spiderweb , but on the inside , over the center of her torso , was an exquisite flower , with perfectly shaped petals .
surrounded by soft pink petals .
she stared at the petals decorating her body and then glanced up to see they were beneath the cherry tree .
when he stood to take off his gi pants , he smacked his shoulder into the lowest tree branch , sending hundreds more petals floating down around her .
ronin watched the scene play out in slow motion like an art - house film ; snowy white petals highlighting the flush of passion on her skin , the satisfied tilt of her kiss - plumped lips , her hair spread out with moonlight glinting off it like rose gold .
since you ' ve gone to all this trouble to form me into a swaying tree , then showering me with heavenly scented flower petals , and i ' m pretty sure you plan to make love to me outside in the moonlight beneath the cherry blossom tree . ''
falling petals stuck to their sweat - soaked skin when he drove them to the edge and at last let them spiral into the void together .
alli bent down , handing them flower petals and our rings , reminding them of the tasks we 'd practiced the night before .
let me concentrate on this last petal and you 'll be done . ''
that i would just strip right here , right now , and wait for you to take me by the hand so you could make sweet , sweet love to me on a bed of f**king rose petals ?
lavender - infused creme brulee ' with sugared pansy petals . ''
pulling her panties aside , he hissed at that first slippery connection to the soft petals of her sex .
then petal soft kisses landed on the petals of her sex .
there were rose petals scattered over the mosaic of paving slabs .
` ` i know , '' kizzy whispered , and stooped to pick up a handful of rose petals .
a couple of lamps now bathed the room in soft , flattering light , and there were dark rose petals scattered on the large square bed , along with chocolates on each pillow .
pillows and petals went flying as he displaced the romantic detritus and climbed underneath the covers .
she asked as wulf brought the rose forward and brushed its soft petals over the swollen nipple of her right breast .
she held her right hand up so that he could see the five tiny pink teardrops tattooed on her palm in the shape of a flower 's petals .
dressed in nothing but a pearl necklace and covered by rose petals .
tory squeaked as she took them and buried her face in their soft petals .
they were the only part of his body that was soft - like the petals of a rose - and she was ever fascinated by them .
six young girls stood with baskets of white and red rose petals in their hands .
but those would make her angry should he make a public offering of them ... white rose petals - for her purity and grace .
the priest nodded in approval before he took the small bowl of rose petals and pearls .
they were covered in white rose petals .
then kyrian 's daughter marissa and geary 's daughter kalliope came down the aisle , sprinkling red and pink rose petals on the floor .
then it would rain rainbows and rose petals on them ... ... not .
as he teased her , white rose petals fell from the sky , covering her .
sandspur 's head resembled a daisy , with three white petals fanning out and huge pink eyes with blue centers .
glistening lips opened like petals .
its large dark petals were shiny and open .
her black , black hair matched the petals of those flowers .
she lay back in the flowers and reached for him , her hair like a cloud around her head , night - black curls against bloodred petals .
` ` i think about it , '' she says , her breath smelling like rain and petals .
but i read that other , post - accident letter so many times the paper became as delicate as a dried petal , the ink nearly invisible .
there were rose petals floating on the top .
a trellis crawled up the side of the house ; a single last rose hung on it , drooping browning petals .
she was wearing neither of the outfits she 'd showed to clary earlier , but an incredible gold satin dress that hugged her body like the closed petals of a flower .
huge marble fountains sprayed sparkling water ; black rose petals drifted onto the surface .
the queen asked as kaelie came back into the room carrying a dressing gown woven of the petals of lilies .
she bent to kiss him , and felt his hands slide over the petals of her gown .
piles of dirt and shredded petals were embedded in the carpet .
i stopped by a large pot , running my fingers over the heavy petals .
three petals lay at the base of the green stem .
he kissed each of the three withered petals .
not half a dozen or a dozen , it was a freaking bushel of velvety red petals and damp green stems , carefully arranged among baby 's breath and placed in the largest glass vase she 'd ever seen .
in his hand , the red poinsettias petals trembled .
daisy may is keeping my petals until it 's time .
i 'll get you and daisy may ready to walk down the aisle , and you can toss those petals all you want then .
daisy may taylor and larissa hardy came walking down the aisle , tossing petals to the ground as they smiled at the friends and family watching them .
livie does n't say a word , simply scooping the flowers up and adjusting some of the bent petals .
within seconds , dozens of flaming bodies crumpled to thrash on the ground , scorching the leaves and petals of the atrium 's plants and engulfing any vampires caught in their proximity .
please give me a chance ... ` ` i wish i could , '' i whisper , that painful lump forming in my throat again as i let my fingers rub the velvety petals .
the breeze stole through the shrubbery as it always had , grabbing loose petals and leaves and little blossoms here and there , and tumbling them across the purple flags , then dying away to nothing .
it was full of rose petals , beauty realized , as she was laid inside one of these cages .
i do n't think a day had passed that i 'd not thought of her in her velvet gown , a flower held in a gloved hand , its petals looking all the more delicate for the fabric that pinched it .
and it is there we will leave them , in a falling flurry of rose petals , scarlet and yellow and pink and white .
the old woman squinted at it for a heartbeat , looking at its green leaves and its tight white petals , then she let out a screech : it might have been the anguished cry of some bereft bird of prey .
rosebuds scattered around her , their petals wafting around the jutting hilt .
rose petals caught on the wind and tumbled over her face .
her hair flowed wildly with rose petals tangled in it , and the skin under her eyes was darkened , making her irises seem freakishly blue in contrast .
but her hair had already begun to swirl about her face , rose petals floating in a tempest around her body .
are those red petals sprinkled in her wild hair ?
rose petals littered the floor .
suddenly blood pooled out over the floor , soaking the petals .
rose petals swirled around her body .
cosplay of sorts , with your rose petals and goth - looking face .
the scent of disturbed roses wafted out - one last bid for beauty before the autumn chill pinched the petals free .
he plucked the prettiest from the ground , the petals the perfect shade of lavender , reminding him of his mother 's eyes .
i can take you to the sunless vampire world when it bloomed like a night flower , the petals rich and silky . ''
in fact , the air smelled faintly of dried rose petals and lavender sachet , a scent any grandmother would have applauded .
fresh flowers overflowed from end tables , and the edges of a finely woven rug were fringed with those same flower petals .
his lips were soft and lush , as pink as flower petals .
flecks of gold had been sprinkled on the petals .
leaning forward , jaxon laved his tongue over each ridge of her spine , might even have traced some of the petals .
her eyes no longer glowed , but her skin was so rosy it was like the petal of a rose .
she grinned , the heart blooming like the petals of a morning rose .
lips so different from his own ; softer , as soft as rose petals , fuller , holding him in thrall at that very first brush .
flowers : delicate petals and sensual colors .
laughing , she skipped forward and danced through the flowers , their soft petals caressing her skin as he wanted to do .
you 're humbled i ' m here , feel like throwing rose petals at my feet , blah , blah , blah .
there was a porcelain tub already filled with steaming water , rose petals floating on the surface .
she seemed completely unabashed as the suds danced over her , sliding down those magnificent br**sts and hiding beneath the rose petals .
flowers of every color bloomed , petals floating from them and dancing to the ground .
from his pew , aeron smiled indulgently as legion tossed pink petals in every direction .
she seemed completely unabashed as the suds danced over her , sliding down those magnificent br**sts hiding beneath the rose petals .
there were flowers woven through the curls , some of the petals missing .
her dark curls bounced around her shoulders , intermittently hiding and revealing the glittery flower petals woven throughout .
she was sprawled on her side , lying on a bed of soft , colorful petals .
once again amun lifted her up , but this time he placed her on that bed of petals .
she landed on the flower petals , their softness cushioning the blow .
her grip on the rock kept her from smashing face - first into the petals , but did n't save her from the increase of pressure his mouth caused as his tongue sank deeper than before .
the rest of her skin , cream and rose petals , glowed as if she had swallowed the sun .
lavender petals were plucked from the foliage , the clear , intoxicating liquid squeezed out before those petals were dried and turned into powder .
lavender petals were plucked from the foliage , the clear , intoxicating liquid squeezed out before those petals were dried and turned into powder .
in it , ashlyn lounged in a lush , jewel - toned garden , flower petals in her hair , draping her body and dripping all around her .
but the petals were not actually petals ; they were faces .
but the petals were not actually petals ; they were faces .
a field of ambrosia stretched for miles , scenting the air oh , so sweetly , the violet petals glistening under the gleam of a sun that offered the perfect amount of light and heat .
there were veins of gold running through the walls , the doors , and on the windows were fabrics that appeared to be woven from rose petals .
deep inside her , where instinct swirled , was a bouquet of hope that had managed to withstand the flames , the petals blooming ... opening ... and knowledge rising .
she was like the morning dew on the petals of a rose , fragile , and he must always be careful with her .
forcing myself to relax , i toyed with one of the flower petals , letting the velvety softness tickle my fingertips .
maybe i did n't know my own strength , because several of those petals tore from their base and fell to the table .
she was beaming as she walked forward , throwing petals in every direction .
these are more extravagant than those , vibrant and complex , petals folded into petals .
these are more extravagant than those , vibrant and complex , petals folded into petals .
his standard : taking her for the first time over a bed of velvety red rose petals , the midnight crackle of a fireplace , the sweet scent of her arousal filling his lungs as he plunged himself repeatedly inside her .
they felt like rose petals , soft and velvety little pillows .
i reached out to finger the petals .
under his shirt i knew that rose was in full bloom , the red petals beginning to fall like wilted teardrops .
the few that remained had been at the bottom of the pile , the wilted , red petals crushed .
the most intense green stared out from between two wilted petals on the dying rose sealed on the center of his chest .
the blunt edges of her nails raked over her eyes that stared out from behind the wilted petals .
jared had drawn out blueprints , plans to carve out these elaborate designs , an intricate pattern of petals and leaves , the stems twisted and twined , a snarled bouquet that perfectly flowed .
karen 's fingertips gently caressed the lines , curling through the vines and up to the petals that stretched out , twisted , and twined as they merged into the gnarled bouquet that stretched across the top .
an intricate pattern of petals and leaves , the stems twisted and twined to curl across the top to create a snarled bouquet .
i smiled , pulling petals off a daisy , whispering , ` ` he loves me ; he loves me not . ''
he smoothed the petals of the blue rose over my cheek again .
despite all the damage done , despite the petals falling away , weeping , it still smelled just as sweet as before .
in my peripheral , a vibrant purple petal caught my eye ; i turned to david and smiled .
the air smelled murky with rotting leaves under the diluted scent of dead roses , their brown petals blown away in the wind , littering the cobblestone path like confetti .
he stood in the frame of the door , his eyes tracing the raw pine staircase , the archway to the left , and finally falling over a table knocked to its side ; shattered blue pottery lay among twelve rose stems , the red petals crumpled and torn , smudged into the hardwood floors all around his feet .
as i finally reached his side , my red blossom wilted , tar seeping up its veins , soaking away the colour around the shrinking petals until , finally , they fell like black snow toward my ruby slippers .
i watched the red petals hit the ground , then looked up into his smile .
i pinched three of the yellow petals from the stem of the rose and held them out over the lip of the window frame ; one for my heart ; one for my soul ; one for eternity .
when the wind swept past my window again , i flicked the petals into the day ; they floated up into the air , making circles on the breeze , following the autumn leaves to the old oak tree in the garden , finally resting , with one last kiss from the wind , right on the seat of the swing .
i drew a sharp intake of breath when i touched my fingers to the flower , feeling the solid , silky petals of a rose - so real , even its scent , as if we were actually standing right here , face to face , hip to hip , breath to breath .
i rolled over and tucked my knees to my chest , folding the petals of the rose down , one by one .
by the time the smell of pancakes came wafting in with the morning heat , there were no petals left on the flower .
every problem i ever had just fell away then , like petals off a dying rose , making me laugh for that moment .
sure , the back alley was strewn with garbage instead of rose petals , but the setting did n't matter ; once she and dakota were together again , they could retire back to the waldorf - astoria to catch up ; the important part was that she was finally - finally !
what settled that stomach , however , was what should not be there : a magazine was slung across one of the marble - topped tables , the pages open to reveal the glossy orange petals of a georgia o'keeffe painting .
rows of them decorated the tables upon which punch bowls and wine bottles sat , petals strewn between the platters of food .
they were identical to those inside , the petals darkest black , the leaves utterly white .
i stretched out a hand , wanting to touch the petals - they looked to be made from velvet .
' these roses are called death 's touch ; they 're lethal to any human or dhampir who touches the petals . '
he chuckled , turning around and plucking one from the stem , admiring it in his hand , straitening the outer petals so they conformed to the perfect circle the rest of the flower created .
a maid replaced the black roses in the vases with fresh white lilies , pressing the petals of the withering flowers between the pages of a heavy book she had placed upon the table .
my gaze darted to the blossom of the autumn - flowering cherry tree , eyes trailing the frail pink petals as they descended , spiraling in slow circles toward the ground .
they hung from the railings lining the steps leading up to the quad , or else had seated themselves on the benches , odd blossom petals settling in their hair .
behind him i could see the breeze stirring the uppermost petals of the cherry blossom tree , snatching them from the branches to the ground , to be trampled beneath the feet of the students aware that the bell had rung .
the autumn - flowering blossoms on the tree were putting up a fierce fight , but the wind was winning , sweeping the petals high into the air and away over the buildings .
without the vest , the sharp petals of the flower would slice through flesh two to three times the size of the original bullet .
it had no petals from the grooves ty had cut into it .
their white petals dust the ground like snow .
it sprays out its pink tissue petals , sheltering us with its poisonous blooms .
we could light candles , and i 'll throw in rose petals and it 'll be all kinds of romantic ! ''
` ` that 's okay , we ' ve got the poor man 's rose petals . ''
rose petals line a genuine aisle , leading all the way to the miniature version of the garden of eden .
i opted for the full honeymoon package , which included enough candles to burn down half the state , not to mention an explosion of red and pink flower petals .
she tosses down her purse and runs to the oversized bed with petals strewn over it in the shape of a heart .
she tosses a handful in the air and petals rise around her like confetti .
under its claw sits a rose with its petals scattered around , crushed by the cruel beast .
i was falling headfirst into a never - ending hole while rose petals rained alongside me .
skyla and i rolling around in a pile of blood red petals , making love like tigers .
rose petals began to fall like rain , dark crimson , almost black .
rose petals are scattered across the matt , and i ' m about to scoff when those strange dreams come back to me .
i ' ve been dreaming of roses , seeing petals rain like blood from the sky , but i do n't say anything .
a ring of fire crackles around the base of the expansive stone altar with black petals sprayed out around it .
a trail of necrotic rose petals scatter down the hall , and the familiar cackle of a girl emanates from the same direction .
she gives a perverse giggle still ensconced in her morbid funeral attire with petals raining to the ground as if they too were trying to escape her presence .
rose petals float in our wake , but i ca n't seem to take my eyes off my glittering bride .
a four - poster bed lies in the center of the room covered with rose petals , and i tuck a wry smile in my cheek at the thought of dudley putting together the finishing touches .
the petals give off a strong , lush scent - far better than any damn flower on earth could ever smell .
she lays her head over my shoulder , and i smooth my hands up and down her back as the rose petals swim across the surface .
headless daises by the bucketful are strewn around the vicinity , rose petals by the pound , fat peonies the size of my head dot the floor , the bed .
crimson rose petals float along on the surface , expelling their honeyed scent into the thick , damp air .
a four - poster bed is strewn with petals in a rainbow of citrus hues , perfuming the air with the scent of paradise .
the storm has blown over , and the white pristine breath of god once again finds a home on paragon , cradling us like a child with a flower before it mercilessly plucks off the petals .
mom drops her bouquet , christening the lawn with a shower of white petals .
a lanky bush of citrus colored petals engulfs the two of them .
` ` you deserve rose petals on the sheets . ''
it 's me , walking down a long white aisle with flower petals at my feet .
i walked a small eternity down a white aisle with what looked like flower petals at my feet .
it energizes and comes to life with its bright blue paper wings , fragile as bougainvillea petals .
she clip - clops her way back , tossing the flowers onto her desk , and a handful of petals rain to my feet .
i glance longingly to the petals scattered all over the floor .
i bet ace wanted to do up the boathouse in balloons and rose petals .
not to mention i plan on making our first valentine 's day as cheesy as possible with rose petals on the mattress and enough hot fudge to bathe us both in .
i grab my phone , which has stayed turned off all day , my new shoes and a gorgeous arrangement of perfect long stemmed red roses with pearls tucked into the petals and go up to my room .
bouquets of red roses with tiny white pearls tucked in the petals cover every surface .
i finish the petals that weave around her pussy , and then , on her hip , i sign my name .
stacy winks at me and clenches her pink - rose bouquet in front of her as she sets off down the yard , and the girls follow , side by side , also clutching small bouquets rather than baskets of petals .
as i nibble a piece of bacon and sniff at the soft pink petals of the tulip , i notice a small white card with my name written in bold handwriting .
i inch close to her , drag the petals of the flower , then my fingertips , down her soft cheek and grin when she presses closer to my touch , as if even in sleep she 's drawn to me .
i rub the petals against my nose and breathe the sweet scent in as he turns and runs me a bath , lights candles , and then turns his attention back to me .
pink tulip petals have been formed into a heart on the bed , and right in the center of them are ...
i tip her onto her back and hover over her , helping her shimmy out of her beautiful blue dress and matching underwear , until she 's spread out under me , the pink tulip petals around her , her golden blonde hair fanned around her head , looking like nothing short of an angel .
even when she was coming over for a cup of coffee and a gab , she eschewed doorbells and knocked on the door like she was queen of the world and how dare the lowly commoner inside not anticipate her arrival , sweep open the door and throw rose petals at her feet .
not a family with children , the wife cutting lavender to put in the family room and on the kitchen table , the kids playing frisbee in the back yard around the arbor with petals of wisteria blowing through the air around them , the husband knowing how to fix the sink and keeping the house in tiptop shape with loving care ... forever .
and the wisteria over the arbor was in full bloom , but many of its purple petals had detached in the slight breeze , drifting confetti across the space .
in fact , forty minutes ago , when he kissed josie there after she was declared his wife , a breeze blew up , scattering petals everywhere .
and his family being in the moment , it was lost on all of them that outside , the breeze blew wisteria petals like purple confetti through the air and the lavender bushes swayed in a way that could only mean the very heavens sighed .
then flowers were thrown , just petals but the deeper we got into the daxshee , the more people there were , the more petals drifted around us until they were all i could see .
then flowers were thrown , just petals but the deeper we got into the daxshee , the more people there were , the more petals drifted around us until they were all i could see .
and , if this was a joyous occasion , like a real wedding of people uniting in love ( which it was not ) those light petals drifting through the torchlit night would be beautiful .
then they poured some milky substance in it , some oil , swirled it around and dropped flower petals on top .
throughout this , i sat on my white throne and often people would approach , children , adults , the elderly , and all of them had flowers or petals .
their eyes would go to their dax , they 'd receive his consent ( an arrogant jerk of the chin , by the by ) and these flowers or petals would be tossed at me feet or in my lap or anywhere around my chair so that now i had a pile of them around me everywhere .
the women all held flowers and as i approached zephyr jacanda handed me a beautiful , vibrant orange bloom that looked like a tiger lily except with twice as many petals .
therefore , when we reached what lahn whispered in my ear was called the avenue of the gods , the podiums of the enormous statues that lined it were thick with people , all of them tossing petals at lahn and me , crying out our titles and cheering .
even if the colorful petals were n't drifting through the air , the avenue of the gods that led into korwahn would be breathtaking .
and i told lahn so ( after i pulled out a petal that landed in my mouth ) .
and as we road with petals drifting , the horde that followed broke off when they arrived home or needed to turn down a lane so they could make it home so there were very few left at the top of the smaller plateau where lahn stopped lahkan at a double arched door that was painted in black with a glimmering gold stripe painted across them both .
the stone of the house itself was nearly covered either in flowering vines or jutting planters with bright petals and dripping greenery .
abby took it and saw it was a glass amulet surrounded with ornate silver filigree and filled with powder and what looked like flower petals , suspended from a thin , leather thong .
she was supposed to be littering the aisle with white rose petals but halfway to her destination , she spotted her uncle and shouted , ` ` unka douglas ! ''
she threw aside her basket of petals and dashed forward , throwing herself against him as the congregation twittered .
chapter nine tiny dancer isabella ` ` i do n't get to keep the petals ? ''
sally was carrying her basket of velvety red rose petals , still wrapped in film .
` ` the petals ! ''
every heroine at the end of a fairytale gets to walk to her hero on a bed of rose petals .
` ` and annie and sally conspired so sally could drop so many rose petals in the church that the pastor said they were still finding them a year later .
` ` sally had decreed that every heroine at the end of a fairytale deserves to walk on a bed of rose petals to meet her hero , '' jason continued before he chuckled and fiona did n't think it was weird anymore .
indy was looking a little concerned with the possibility that tod 's head might start revolving three hundred and sixty degrees , so she said softly , ` ` petals drooping . ''
the skull and crown were all in black , the petals and stem of the rose , though , were in full , striking color .
it was extraordinary , the stem , the leaves , the petals all exquisitely drawn and filled in with vibrant colors .
the cottage was covered in snow , but the trail leading up was scattered with red rose petals .
the massive bed in the middle of the room had its fair share of rose petals .
rose petals .
the rose petals floated on the surface .
the wind blew some petals loose as i stood there , watching the waves crash against the sand .
letting go of my hand , he stopped in front of a door that had three large daisies with pink petals drawn on it .
the sweet smell of the white flowers with bell - shaped petals that grew alongside the building .
velvet petals from deep burgundy to purest white perfumed the air while a marble fountain sent water dancing in a sparkling display .
she reached to pluck a rose bloom from the trellis , her fingers caressing the peach petals .
this evening , however , the quilt covering the heavy oak bed was decorated with hundreds of rose petals and the matching furniture draped with the vibrant silk scarves that kata adored .
there were also delicate ivory rose petals sprinkled over the sheets to fill the room with their musky scent .
as rehearsed , she went down slowly , the small audience watching as she dropped flower petals on the floor .
as we walked down the steps and down the aisle , ducking rose petals and rice , i could n't believe that this was real .
the moment i opened that hotel room 's door , revealing the rose petals scattered all over the bed and the dim lighting , and i saw the expression on her face , i knew i had made a huge mistake .
rose petals were scattered all over the floor .
brushing my fingers over its petals , i could n't help but let my mind speak to my beloved twin , part of me still hoping against all hope that she was still alive .
white rose petals were scattered all over it .
long into the night , he 'd brushed the soft petals over her skin until she was begging for more than just the petals touching her .
long into the night , he 'd brushed the soft petals over her skin until she was begging for more than just the petals touching her .
` ` i was planning to surprise you with rose petals and champagne and every other romantic thing i could think of .
as their flower girl , she stood proudly in a pretty white dress with a heaping basket of poinsettia flower petals in her sturdy little hands .
the flower girl skipped down the aisle tossing petals from her basket , and then everyone gasped with awe as mary appeared on her father 's arm .
the sun was setting and the flowers were closing their petals , the grasses already collecting dew in the cool night , when the wildflower emerged again in the dark sky .
` ` summer needs help with her basket of flower petals .
chapter three jake stepped out from behind the bar just as the wedding march started up and a cute blonde kid skipped down the aisle , tossing flower petals into the air .
give her the orange petals and delicate scent of a fleshy firecloud plant any day .
* * * * * * sasha smiled as she woke one week later in an array of silken rose petals .
as she opened her eyes she ran hand a through more than an inch of soft , red petals piled high around her .
this was the seventh day she had woken up in a bed of rose petals .
sasha knew from experience that once she exited the bed , the petals would disappear and her bedroom would be filled with several vases of roses on every available surface of the room .
she hopped out of the bed , shaking off petals as she went , yawning as she glanced at the window .
the rose petals were gone and the vases were arranged around the room .
i held the white peonies in my hand and watched as skylar skipped up the aisle throwing petals onto the grass , looking back at me every few seconds with a huge smile on her face .
he picked up the flower with the huge white petals and a green center and smiled .
do you see how the petals are red on the outside and white on the inside ?
well , i always call these petals blood - soaked . ''
next to the pool , i could see a hot tub , and there were rose petals on the ground .
she gazed around and gingerly touched the petals of a sunflower in front of her .
the yellows in their petals , the oranges of the florets , all so unique if you stop to study them carefully . ''
i want you to go outside and listen to the birds chirp and whistle , follow the light of the sun , touch the fragrant petals in my garden and breathe in the fresh air of nature .
did you know the f lower petals taste like candy ?
i took it and examined the delicate petals made of pink quartz .
at the last minute , i slipped the f lower henry had made me , the one with pink quartz petals and pearls , into my pocket .
it was small , with seven pointed petals that looked as if the ends had been dipped in purple , and slowly it began to uncurl .
at f irst the log was empty , but when i lowered myself down , my f ingertips brushed the silky petals .
as it was , she caught barely a glimpse of pink petals and was halfway down the stairs before realizing it did n't belong .
it thrilled him to see her wade through them , vivid with delight and lost to her waist in a bay of color , dressed half in petals over her usual drab .
i dip the linen cloth into the warm water - scented faintly with rose petals , a true luxury - and take the opportunity to wash my face and arms and anywhere else i can reach .
trumpets blare and children shout and throw small handfuls of seeds and dried flower petals as the crowd escorts her to the great cathedral .
go get a bunch of candles , set them up all over your room , light them and get rose petals .
candles are on each corner of the blanket and rose petals are placed all around .
it began with crimson petals , threaded white , and ended with a black , black heart .
while the others were looking toward the stage , he opened my fingers like the petals of a flower and pressed a kiss to my palm .
the wind moved again , sending the petals of the flowers i had laid down dancing .
or perhaps like an exotic flower unfurling her petals .
like wilting rose petals .
i wish it could look that way forever , but i know that the petals will eventually wilt and fade as the seasons change , and life will change with it .
but there were only three of us now - three teenagers , alone on a mountain , our dead scattered like petals at our feet .
candles were lit around the room and my father had done a great job putting the rose petals all over the bed .
she walked over to the bed and touched the real rose petals .
i know miranda would have liked izzy to walk slow and drop pretty little petals with every step , but she saw me and came running .
i took ahold of the petals and swung the thorny sides at his face .
purple pansies and other small winter flowers struggled to keep their colorful petals spread wide , despite the chill in the air .
the more i stared at them , the more it seemed like the nymphs were looking back at me , their eyes narrowing to sly slits , their lips drawing back to show their teeth , their fingers strangling the delicate petals in their grasps .
the overpowering scent of the black and blood - red petals permeated the air , making me gag , but i kept scanning the area .
as i looked at the photo , the petals and leaves started moving , as though the wind was whistling over them .
slowly , all of the flowers turned in my direction , the streaks , stripes , and stars on their bright petals scrunching up into faces that were staring at me .
for a moment , the only sound was the sharp whistle of the wind as it gusted through the courtyard , causing the flowers to flutter and a few petals to swirl up into the air like colorful snowflakes before slowly spiraling back down again .
the only difference was the streaks of lavender purple and light gray on the inside of the white petals .
purple and gray streaks ringed the petals .
three small , individual flowers seemed to stretch toward each other , as though the petals were somehow being pulled together by the silvery glow of the full moon so very high above .
as soon as the petals of the three flowers touched each other , they all seemed to wilt , as though they could n't stand to be that close together .
but as soon as the flowers wilted , a silver light began to burn in the center of each one of them , and the purple and gray streaks on the petals burst into cold flames .
the petals were now a shimmering silver and had a vaguely metallic look to them , almost as if they would ring like a bell if you tapped on them with your fingernail .
white , purple , and gray streaked down the petals , as well , the colors clustered together like they were one stripe .
petals whipped through the air at our frantic movements , and the crisp scent of the flowers took on a thick , coppery stench as blood spattered onto the blossoms from the nicks and cuts vivian and i were able to inflict on each other .
he groaned and did n't answer me , although his legs kicked out , sending up sprays of petals .
snow was piled all around us , the drifts two and even three feet deep in places , but inside the clearing , wildflowers had somehow bloomed , their green stems sticking up through the powder , and their blue , pink , purple , red , and silver petals glistening like jewels that had been spilled across a white marble floor .
i could n't make out her words , but the flowers seemed to respond to her voice , their stems turning and their bright petals arching toward her , as if they were trying to show off their best sides just to please her .
she took the wildflowers and the clump of mistletoe she was still holding and began to twist them , as if she was going to make a daisy chain with the green stems and colorful petals .
the chain itself was made out of strands of mistletoe , with several small petals dangling off it .
curious , i held up one of the petals .
the silk scarf was a beautiful swirl of gray and violet , like petals mixed together , with a few bright silver coins hanging off the edges .
the fragrant blossoms were stacked so high around grace 's throat she had to spit out a few petals when she took her vows .
a grey powder filled it - ground lily petals , the most potent part of the flower .
seamus looked up at her , blue eyes like two flax petals under bushy red eyebrows .
there was a green flower with several petals in the right - hand corner .
the wooden slivers rained down , landing in a perfect circle around it , like a ring of tiny petals .
the middle bouquets held carnations , big , frilly blossoms with gentle pink in the center and pale , wide borders along the petals ' edges .
these were huge , heavy blooms , crimson , glossy , so dark toward the base of their petals that they were almost black , with a border of bright scarlet at the edges .
he parted the soft petals between her legs and circled her gently with one finger .
gryph opened his hand and looked down at the smashed petals .
he removed it and stared at the broken petals for a moment .
huge , lacy petals shimmered gold and purple and red , the colors flowing into each other .
the huge , lacy petals were just beginning to fold shut , enclosing their prey .
a small , innocent - looking flower suddenly spread its petals to absorb the moisture .
the four petals of the unit ignited with pale green , and the huge collection of files , the sum total of her research and archival documents , flared into existence , projected into space above the petals ten feet away robert slumped in the chair .
the four petals of the unit ignited with pale green , and the huge collection of files , the sum total of her research and archival documents , flared into existence , projected into space above the petals ten feet away robert slumped in the chair .
chapter nineteen tyler stiffened when the door opened , a basket still half filled with murdered roses in his one hand , and a handful of petals in the other .
when he touched me - held me like that - something unraveled inside , like my heart was the knot of a flower and all the petals had suddenly unfurled .
dewdrops glistened on the petals , throwing back morning sunlight .
he thought of rose petals again , but only pictured her slender fingers stroking over them .
broken stems and a river of petals littered the floor .
her flower room was nothing but smashed glass and petals now , misty thought in sorrow .
whoever it was had written such notes as , only attempt under a waxing moon ; make sure the flowers have bloomed three days on the bush and are cut in the morning ; scatter the leftover petals across water in the light of the setting sun .
gather petals of red roses , washed three times , chopped with a fine - bladed knife .
bury leftover rose petals in the earth , turn thrice , and open to the cleansing rays of the moon , the mother goddess .
misty had harvested petals from two of the roses she 'd brought home from her shop , washing them thoroughly and rolling them dry in a towel .
graham asked when she told him imbibing the petals would be safe .
she spread out a white cloth , scattered the cut rose petals on it , inhaling their fragrance , and consulted the book .
gather petals of red roses , washed three times .
misty was n't sure she wanted to gulp down rose petals in beer , or even in the nice white wine a friend had brought her last time she 'd come over .
now she put the chopped rose petals into two shot glasses , one in front of her and one in front of graham .
the rose petals felt strange against her tongue , but she made herself not spit them out .
misty sprinkled more rose petals into the glasses and added another shot of tequila to each .
graham studied the rose petals floating in the liquid .
` ` bellini , '' graham went on as misty doled out more petals and more alcohol .
she was almost out of rose petals .
bury the rose petals in the earth , turn thrice , and open to the cleansing rays of the moon , the mother goddess .
she scraped the last of the rose petals from the shot glasses and dumped them in the hole , adding the petals she 'd cut but had n't used .
she scraped the last of the rose petals from the shot glasses and dumped them in the hole , adding the petals she 'd cut but had n't used .
she tasted the bite of tequila , the sweetness of the rose petals , felt the burn of the spell beyond the insistence of his lips on hers .
paul was sweeping the floor inside the store again , and a few men from dx security were helping scoop up and throw away the glass and petals .
the flowers lifted around her , circling her , petals leading stems .
in the blaze of petals and scent - rose , violet , rosemary , forget - me - not - misty reached out and latched her hand around dougal 's wrist .
dead , petals and leaves brown .
blend petals together , mix in water , and sprinkle over the victim .
blood dripped from her fingers , but misty relentlessly seized blossoms and stripped three of their petals .
the petals fell , inert , to the floor , though the vines still tried to grip her .
once misty stopped trying to harvest the petals , the rose vines snaked away , lying still .
dougal pointed to the petals .
misty piled the petals on it , then made her way across the vines to the irises .
kyle , who 'd followed her , yapped at the plant while misty pulled off the blossoms , separating the mouthlike petals .
misty piled the petals on the stone , mixed them together , and poured water from the sports bottle over them .
misty mixed the petals in the water with her hands , then lifted the mess and dribbled it over graham 's body .
roses and the wet stamens of honeysuckle , the purple and white streaked petals of iris dropped on him , sticking to his chest and arms , curling around his tatts .
he sat up , dirty , wet , and coated with flower petals .
` ` matt , kyle , dougal , i need petals from every single type of plant here .
her legs moved as she ran about the cave , grabbing flowers and yanking petals free .
matt and kyle , turning human so they could hold the petals , ran every which way , making a game of it .
she raced to her pile of petals in the middle of the cave , threw the hyacinths down , and lifted her book .
the petals swirled with her passing , rising a little , then moved faster .
the vortex of petals reached all the way to the ceiling .
as soon as the petals started to fall , misty sprinted back to graham .
roses bloomed on both sides of the path , pink , dark red , and cream , their velvet petals sending a refined perfume into the air .
butterflies floated on the breeze like bright petals .
around the path , flowers bloomed in curvy flower beds , yellow and blue blossoms catching the sun with delicate petals .
inside the packet , a small purple flower spread three petals .
the metal petals sprang up with a click .
the two sides rose and opened , like the petals of an unfolding flower .
the flower bud opened , revealing pale petals in its center made of some strange material , paper - thin , but with a metallic sheen .
magic ignited inside the crystal and shot out in four streams to the ends of the petals .
inside , a small glass flower bloomed , its petals opaque .
gradually , the petals turned transparent .
another whirled into curlicues , like flower petals opening on the floor .
three massive petals , gray and spotted with flecks of green , rose above the leaves .
the petals quivered .
the spots of green that flecked them crawled , moving away from the petal 's edges to blend into a single green stain at the base of the flower .
deep red liquid spread through the veins in the petals , turning their gray to red .
the flower 's veins contracted , pulling the petals apart with agonizing slowness .
with a whisper , the petals snapped open , bright red and stiff like the tail feathers of a posturing peacock .
nude and bald , frail to the point of emaciation , it rested on its back within the lower bell - shaped petal .
the same reddish liquid that had flooded the veins of the petals and leaves was making its way through her torso , bulging the vessels under her nearly transparent skin .
the hair he licked was as black , her petals wet with her honey .
inside it flowers bloomed , whirl upon whirl of bright petals , some blood red , some yel ow , some deep purple near the root of the petal and white at its end .
from above it looked like a flower with a circular middle and elongated petals .
bright yel ow flowers , their petals thin and long , all but glowed in the silky grass .
a patch of hair - thin stalks tipped by lavender crests of petals thrust through the spaces between wide oyster - shel plants , the inside of their leaves a blinding turquoise .
vines dripped from their branches in thick ropes , bearing large blossoms with triangular petals of deepest crimson .
surrounded by orchards and trees , the house drowned in a vast garden , and as claire walked next to ven down the twisted path from the aerial landing pad , a sea of dahlias bloomed on both sides of her : peach , orange , yel ow , blood - red , deep purple , blue fringed with white , some large , some smal , some with wide petals , some with narrow frayed florets , others a mere single ring of petals around a flat disk in the center .
surrounded by orchards and trees , the house drowned in a vast garden , and as claire walked next to ven down the twisted path from the aerial landing pad , a sea of dahlias bloomed on both sides of her : peach , orange , yel ow , blood - red , deep purple , blue fringed with white , some large , some smal , some with wide petals , some with narrow frayed florets , others a mere single ring of petals around a flat disk in the center .
` ` so shifters really do n't care about romantic hotel rooms , rose petals , and champagne ? ''
the delicate pink of adelaide fontane , the white frilly aspen , the gaudy riot of orange that was bodacious and her favorite , the arabian night , its sharpened petals a deep intense red of a burgundy wine .
the friction burned on her petals too long untouched , fire that made her want to open her legs wide .
he swirled his fingers around her opening , fingers spreading her petals .
some of the rose petals had already drooped and fallen .
a jar of yellow roses appeared in each painting , either in full bloom , or drooping with petals falling .
a bowl of yellow hothouse roses rested on a table next to her , a mix of rosebuds , full - blown flowers , and those that had already started dropping petals .
eleanor swished past them all in her glorious dress , following aimee , who scattered rose petals along the way .
raphael 's muscles opened like bloody petals .
she gently deposited the snail onto the snowy petals and shut the box .
soon a whole swarm of them floated up and down around me , like a swirl of multicolored petals .
a swarm of long yellow petals swirled around us .
the yellow petals chased her , clinging to her skin .
` ` and the petals ? ''
there were a few dried flower petals beside one of them , but most looked largely abandoned .
she looked down at it , her fingers lightly caressing the petals .
almost wishing it were mine , i ran my finger across a soft petal .
i squealed , jumping up and down , spilling petals .
white petals rained down upon them both .
a cherry tree scattered delicate pink petals across me as i lay there .
` ` your skin is softer than the petals of a rose , your hair is like silk in my hands . ''
sitting up , she clutched the covers to her chest , felt a slow smile chase away the last remnants of her nightmare when she saw the pale pink rose petals scattered across the bedspread .
picking up a handful of petals , she crushed them in her hand , then breathed in the delicate fragrance .
the rose petals reminded him of her - soft and fragile and sweet - smelling .
her cheeks were the color of ripe peaches , her lips as pink as the petals of the roses she loved , her hair the color of sun - ripened wheat .
brenna hummed softly , adding a bit of music to the charm , as well as the petals from a pink flower , pink being the color for love and affection .
sitting down , mara spread her skirts around her , like the petals of an ebony rose .
miraculously , a blanket sprinkled with bloodred rose petals awaited us there .
dark red rose petals covered the floor of the entryway , releasing their fragrance as rafe stepped on them .
the covers on the bed were turned down , the sheets were covered with hundreds of white rose petals .
holly had short blond hair that hung around her face like wilted daisy petals , and the prettiest skin i 'd ever seen .
she 's referring to the lighted candles and rose petals strewn about the place .
rose petals are scattered in a path to the bed and over the covers , giving off a soft but fragrant scent .
the music begins , and ashlyn starts down the aisle , dropping flower petals as she goes .
the bed is covered in rose petals - that may be overkill , but there is also a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries .
i stand at the side of the bed and start laughing when i notice that she is covered with rose petals .
` ` i want a picture of you covered in rose petals .
the lift in his own mood suffered a blow when he saw her gently touch the petals of one of the spring flowers .
as he clung to a stone to keep from sliding further into the mist , the petals of one flower opened , became a tiny hand ... with a missing finger .
so she showed him how to build a rosebush out of powders made from pastel chalks , dried rose petals , thorns , and a few other things .
jared watched her reach out and delicately touch the petals of a dark - orange flower .
tersa gently touched the petals .
the blood - red flowers , with their black throats and black - tipped petals , were in full bloom , as they always were from the first breath of spring to the last dying sigh of autumn .
deep red , almost burgundy , dinner - plate sized with velvety soft petals .
or that you could be whisked off into a world of fantasy and excitement by a handsome stranger , instantly connect , and be in perfect sexual sync from the second his mammoth male member teased your delicate flower petals .
i asked , pulling a browned petal from the vase of coral tinged roses next to where she was resting her cashmere - clad bum .
vows were exchanged , tears were shed by most , and under a shower of petals , the newlyweds exited the church into a perfect autumn afternoon .
and who did i see throwing those petals ?
i inspected and removed three petals from the roses in the vase , goldenrod shot through with the palest of pink .
the ceremony was awesome , total mac and daniel epicness , and even riley and jared decided to mix things up and cause a ruckus when they had a fight over riley 's basket of rose petals .
it was a toddler battle of the sexes with jared coming out on top and rose petals spread from ass**le to breakfast .
the bed was covered in pink rose petals , and a bottle of champagne was cooling in a sterling silver stand .
he picked up a handful of rose petals , and let them fall like water from his hand .
the flowers were puffs of color , peonies or ranunculus or some other explosion of petals on slender green stems .
i walked to the kitchen island and trailed my fingers over stacks of books , a deck of tarot cards , boxes of salt , glass jars of feathers , grapevines , corked bottles of oils , matches , and dried rose petals .
the platter sat on a bed of tossed rose petals in the palest shades of pink and yel ow , the colors barely discernable but undeniably there .
as she did , the food on the table disappeared again , leaving only the scattering of rose petals behind .
on both sides of the front lawn , in the crisp , white snow , an enormous heart had been drawn in the snow with a thousand rose petals , a shock of crimson against the snowy ground .
as i glanced back , it scattered the heart , lifting the rose petals into the sky .
and it was lying in a bed of pink rose petals .
pink rose petals spilled across the bed as he pulled the ring out of the box and slipped the one carat solitaire onto my finger .
i felt my petals , my feelings unfurling from deep inside me and opening up , blooming right in front of him .
when we came home from hell , from trapping beelzebub 's soul and hecate 's old - lady body ( by binding her powers with the petals from a flower that grows on an island in hell ) in the very cell in which they contained kimber , we were n't celebrating .
` ` it 's beautiful , '' i told him , pulling it back to study it once more , but i barely got the chance to look at its silky red petals because he pushed it and my hand aside and lowered himself closer until it lay forgotten on the pillow beside us and he was kissing me in a way that made me forget my name , let alone my brand new age .
i reached into my pocket and pulled out the black velvet satchel filled with the last bit of dried flower petals ana gave me .
the breeze played lightly with the petals .
the creamy yellow petals were open , inviting the warmth of the sun and the gaze of our eyes .
` ` come , '' she said , bending down to pick a petal off the flower .
` ` the dried petals from the flower can be ground down into a fine powder and when blown on hecate , her powers will be bound . ''
` ` do you have any dried flower petals ? ''
ana came in the room carrying a small fabric bag and one of those mortar set things to grind down the dried petals .
we all watched in quiet fascination as she took out four dried petals from the bag and placed them in the stone dish and ground them down into a fine , sparkling golden dust .
without saying a word , he reached out and fingered the snowy petals of one of the flowers .
it died instantly , turning an ugly shade of brown as the petals dried out and curled in on themselves .
he walked over to the vase and looked at the small bunch of daisies , reaching up to finger the delicate white petals .
it 's perfectly formed smooth petals were open and trusting .
its petals , wide and smooth , were completely open and welcoming .
a single tear fell from my eye and landed on one of the perfectly formed petals .
he touched the soft petal to his lips then turned to claire .
she took it , and just as lucian had she let the velvety petals glide over her lips , but her thoughts had turned to the mission at hand .
she fingered the soft petals of the roses and pondered her present conundrum .
over that she dusted rose petals .
the bright red petals draw my attention and i look down at them in awe .
i pick the petals off a daisy .
she tore a petal off the rose , dropped it at his feet , and backed away .
he gathered up a handful of petals and sprinkled them along her chest , down her stomach , and lower into her lap .
he almost groaned his relief at finally being able to stretch over her , their bodies crushing petals , releasing a fresh swell of perfume .
the scent of roses clung to her ` ` sarong , '' reminding her of how long they 'd rolled together in those petals while they 'd loved each other with their bodies , their mouths , even their eyes .
that day we made love in the open and you covered me in petals is one of my all - time favorite memories . ''
a bed scattered with rose petals .
` ` lucas , i just want y- '' he stood abruptly , scattering petals over the floor , much like her fragmented thoughts as she scrambled to put the pieces of her world together again .
she knelt on the floor , sweeping her hand over the scattered petals as if to rebuild the evening and handle things better this time .
spreading rose petals on the bed for her in a tender romantic gesture would have been tougher for him than whacking through a hazardous jungle or leading a squadron .
she plopped onto her bottom , cradled the petals in her cupped hands and knew she was n't being whimsical or silly in the least to think she held lucas 's heart .
lucas checked his flight suit for stray petals .
she willed lucas to hurry , her fist closing around the few remaining rose petals she 'd snuck from the room .
he would need a map , not a pathetic few dead petals that blended with the murky mud of the damp floor .
a cluster of rose petals lay at his feet .
but a pile of petals ?
they slammed to a stop against a bush , showering petals over them .
in ten more minutes , he 'd be grazing her bare skin with those soft petals .
janine smoothed the soft petals on nikki 's bouquet .
alone with doug on a deserted island , surrounded by bright sun and tropical flowers with the softest petals - for which doug found the most inventive , arousing uses .
stuart picked up a leafy hibiscus she 'd laid on the table , twirling it in the air , examining the petals .
she bent close and sniffed the glorious petals , breathing in their floral scent .
i could light some candles , or get rose petals , or something like that , '' he said as his hands rubbed the undersides of my br**sts .
she felt it so gently the petals were n't even bruised .
juicy oranges , roasted walnuts , gingered carrots , and that sweet made from sugared rose petals .
chapter twelve now tam was an ordinary lad in all respects save one : he 'd been born a twin , and he and his twin sister , lin , were as close as two petals furled inside a rosebud .
he 'd take his thumb and run it through that sweet cleft , watch the tender petals part , inhale the scent of her desire .
she swallowed and looked down at the artichoke petals piled neatly on the side of her plate .
their delicate purple petals fluttered in the spring breeze .
your sweet petals , all wet and silky , blooming open for me .
the vase of flowers crashed to the floor beside him in a mess of petals , water , and glass shards .
but now ... before her was a full - page illustration of a flower with long curving petals on a bare branch .
the sight of jamie scattering petals on lady grey 's grave had stayed in his mind , nagging him for hours yesterday .
he brushed the rose against her cheek , the softness of the petals sending a shudder down her spine .
jasper watched as the petals brushed against her lips .
then i went all out - cooked a gourmet dinner , stole a bottle of wine from our cellar , sprinkled a bunch of rose petals down the hall and all over my bed . ''
about halfway through , she decided she was ready , and we followed the trail of rose petals to my bedroom , and ... '' he broke out laughing .
placed around the hub , like petals of a flower , are the various arts buildings , one for each discipline : dance , drama , music , and visual arts .
her skin was soft , like the petals of a rose .
at times he traced the rose petals on her ankle , until he was familiar with each one of them .
the rose petals were layers , and in two places the petals were actually raised slightly .
the rose petals were layers , and in two places the petals were actually raised slightly .
he had stroked caresses over those soft petals half the night and knew the feel of them intimately .
he examined the petals carefully .
when he passed his thumb over the petals , he felt tiny protrusions , almost like braille dots .
` ` i think the transmitter is here , in these two petals .
he reached down and circled her bare ankle with his hand , his fingers stroking over the petals of her tattoo , needing some kind of personal contact with her , no matter what it was .
he tugged a little on her ankle , his thumb sliding over the petals of the rose .
her skin was so soft , all bare , glistening as if the morning had covered her in dewdrops like rose petals .
as he ran , leaves and petals and twigs settled in his hair and clothing and fell down his back .
she concentrated on the bright blue flowers with their symmetric petals .
the beautiful masses of flowers were unusual , yet something sinister seemed to lie beneath the ground , just inches from the soft petals , an obscene , malicious presence .
the stalks and petals reached for her .
ash continued to fall , soft drifting petals that choked the air and covered the trees and foliage like down .
the petals were open to reveal the inside , the ovary a deep ruby red with two striped filaments .
the petals , soft velvet , held his scent .
he placed the flower exactly at the junction of her legs , petals whispering against her open , jean - clad thighs .
very carefully , so as not to bruise the petals , she scooped up the flower and , cupping it carefully in both hands , she transferred it to the vee between his open legs .
deliberately , eyes still locked with his , she put a petal in her mouth .
the second petal only seemed to increase her desire .
she managed to place the last petals into dax 's mouth and her own just as gary and jubal reached them .
to one side of the ruins she spotted a sea of stars , petals open , bathing in the moonlight .
he inhaled deeply once more and she realized that as the flowers in the field had taken on his scent for her , the strange petals held her scent for him .
he set his teeth as he pushed deeper , feeling her muscles reluctantly unfolding like the petals of the flowers surrounding him until he was lodged against her thin barrier .
the blossom was large , shaped like a star , but the petals and texture were much like a lily .
even the soft velvet petals seemed to hold his scent .
eyes still holding hers captive , fen lowered his head to the fragrant petals , nuzzling them with his strong jaw before dipping lower , his tongue stroking sensuously along the ovaries and filaments .
velvet soft petals rained from the sky as the rows parted to allow a soft cushiony bed of sheer fragrance .
they floated to the bed of velvet petals , the fragrance sinking into their lungs , so that blood heated and tension coiled .
he laid her down into the bed of white so that her hair spilled around her face , the thick braid falling across the petals .
before he could stop himself , he unwound the cord binding it , fanning the luxurious length across the velvet petals , and buried his face in the waterfall of silk .
tatijana did as he asked , kneeling in the soft bed of fragrant white petals .
he reluctantly pulled his fingers from her body and carefully took the blossom he 'd set aside earlier , and placed it tight into the junction of her leg so that the soft petals teased her ultrasensitive body .
as they passed scattered bunches of flowers , tatijana 's sandal - covered feet skirting the edges of the beds , the night flowers unfolded their petals in tribute to her .
bunches of flowers seemed to be springing up , fully formed with stalks and petals within minutes .
she lowered her head to the open petals , still looking at him , her tongue stroking along that long , bulbous head and thick shaft .
the ground was covered in soft petals , cushioning her .
he put the blossom right at the junction between her legs , so that the open petal caught any liquid spilling from her body .
keeping her eyes on his , she brought the flower beneath his heavy sac , so that his balls rested inside the open petals .
` ` if we were n't already lifemates , i would braid your hair with the smaller flowers and stems , but because you are , you feed me the petals and i 'll feed you and the ritual will be complete . ''
when the petals were consumed he slipped a blindfold of soft petals woven together around her head , the fragrance heady with passion .
when the petals were consumed he slipped a blindfold of soft petals woven together around her head , the fragrance heady with passion .
right now , kneeling on the soft petals unable to see , the cool night air playing over her body so that she was acutely aware of her breath , her every movement , she found herself growing even more slick and hot .
behind the mask of petals , she closed her eyes and inhaled his scent .
her heart continued to pound , but she did n't lift her hands to remove the mask of petals .
he removed the mask of petals and gently brought her to her feet .
she could see the image of herself before him with the petals wrapped around her head , covering her eyes , kneeling in the field of flowers .
the field of flowers with his scent , the mask of soft petals , even kneeling before him with her hands on his thighs , feeling that heavy erection against her face , her mouth .
the sight of her , so trusting , that blindfold of petals , her hands on his thighs , her complete gift of herself , it had all combined together to make him lose his control and get lost in the feeling of bliss she created , that paradise he 'd slipped into .
zev settled on the floor itself , waving his hand to cushion the ground with a bed of petals .
she pointed to the bed of petals .
he took his time walking over to the bed of petals .
he spread her legs farther apart , pulling them over his shoulders as he knelt up against her , easily lifting her bottom from the bed of petals .
the ground was a hot bed of petals , but it was cooling rapidly .
her skin felt - and looked - like soft rose petals flushed with heat .
rose petals covered the pallet and champagne chilled in a bucket .
dried flowers were scattered upon it , their petals fluttering in the wind .
as i walked along the soft pathway to the bed , i realized that it was strewn with flower petals .
my bare feet landed in soft , blood - red petals with each step .
the soft blue petal lingered against my lip , resting as it waited for me to eat it .
voss swept away a handful of the vines , speaking sharply into the corner and scattering leaves and flower petals .
she stood near the table , trying to appear nonchalant by plucking the petals from a bouquet of daisies he 'd brought for her .
should have been in a big bed with f**king rose petals or some damn thing like that spread around her .
enough petals to fill a florist shop .
i do n't want rose petals sprinkled on the ground .
she can not look up at him , so she stares at the blood - red petals of the closest rose .
sarah had gathered a few very fragrant flowers , and they each rubbed the petals on their bodies , doing their best to wear perfume for their big dates .
butterflies flitted among the petals of the wild flowers at my feet and beyond .
` ` pretty flowers , '' hal says , reaching out to touch the petals of one of the pink roses .
the small bouquets of flowers they were holding are quickly shredded in the process and the petals rain down to cover their feet .
its petals are cool to my fingertips and satiny soft .
she glanced over his shoulder as she spoke , her gaze resting on the plump , bloodred petals of a rose .
darkened to a sickly brown , then fell to the ground , petals raining down .
he could see the withered petals in the flickering light .
but now the guy was n't talking rose petals and sunsets .
rose petals fell onto the steps .
rose petals were inside .
rose petals and a picture . ''
scattered rose petals trailed over the floor .
the box slid in his hand as he eased into his seat , and rose petals spilled onto the surface of his desk .
as for the rose petals and that vase of roses - eleven roses in that vase - he 'd already started sweeps at the local florist shops .
when i saw the rose petals scattered on trent 's desk , i thought of him . ''
rose petals had been in the packages with the photos .
her eyes dropped to the porch and to the petals that had fallen due to the death - grip he 'd had on them .
a trail of pink and red rose petals , bordered with tiki torches , marked the walkway to the floral arch on the beach up ahead .
standing in our bedroom , we both gasped at the sight of the rose petals on the bed and the large bottles of champagne - flavoured nsts on the bedside table .
i put my hand up to my mouth and looked at the rose petals arranged into two paths on the floor .
then , something in the air changed , and i looked back down the aisle of red and white rose petals .
rose petals covered the floor , and white lights were draped across the walls .
before i knew it , we were spreading the blanket on top of the rose petals , and i was burying myself into my wife 's body .
she also had one lantern set in the middle of the table with red rose petals spread on the table .
the tables had white linens , silver plastic plates and flatware and a simple red candle in sand sitting among red rose petals in the middle of each table .
a few candles where lit on the table , and rose petals where laid out all around the table .
i had made arrangements with the hotel to have the bedroom and bathroom covered in red roses and petals .
the bed was covered in rose petals .
daisy petals and a few rose petals covered the quilt .
daisy petals and a few rose petals covered the quilt .
rather , she was running while she threw rose petals in the air and laughed .
music filled the room as she slowly made her way on trembling legs down a pathway of exotic petals .
normally i lingered , plucking off the dead petals from the flowers , but i was more tired than i realized .
the petals smelled fresh .
the wreath fell apart in her hands , and a sudden wind picked up , scattering the petals away like shooting stars .
the blossoms grew and then fell apart , showering her in fragrant petals , far sweeter and richer than any perfume of hers could manage .
the door clicked open , and she found a bouquet of long - stemmed white roses , their petals delicately edged in pink .
huge , flowering cherry trees - which had n't been there a few days ago - lined the courtyard like sentries , showering everything with delicate pink petals .
enchanted fireflies had replaced the cherry petals , illuminating those revelers who were still going strong .
her smile turned into a full - on grin as she ran her fingers over the petals of a vase full of flowers .
she wanted him to cup her shoulders with both hands and whisper in her ear , close , his lips touching her so her whole body would shiver like flower petals in a breeze .
the first time , he stammered an invitation over a bouquet of orange roses and esme 's voice was almost a whisper when she said , ` ` all right , '' her eyes fixed on the flower petals .
she looked quickly back down at the blossom 's blushing center , and she felt as if that small word was opening her like a bud , like the sun had touched her and she was unfurling her petals to better draw its warmth .
the red changes into petals , each one layered on top of the other , covered in dark dewdrops .
and rose petals .
a trail of pink , delicate rose petals that draw my eye to ... shit .
i cross the hall quickly , trampling petals as i go .
i knelt down and laid it on the stone , stroking the soft curve of the petal with a finger , as though it were a baby 's cheek .
spilled petals from the yellow rose lay across the doorstep , glowing like ancient gold coins in the faint light from the entryway .
do bluebirds pluck out their feathers , or roses fling away their petals ? ''
there were trees everywhere , thanks to william penn 's dictum that one acre in five should be left in trees - even the avaricious politicians of the twentieth century had n't quite succeeded in deforesting the place , though probably only because they could n't figure out how to make a profit at it without being caught - and many of the trees were in bloom , a confetti of white petals drifting over the horses ' backs as the wagon turned into the city proper .
he stared where a dark red petal peeked out from the neckline of my white tank .
her fingers moved over the petals tattooed over my heart .
i affirm my barrette 's in place and when my fingers slide against the silky petals of the fake rose , i continue forward .
speechless , i ease over to the bed and rub the silky petals between my fingers .
i pick up one of the long stems , and the smooth petals caress my lips as i bring it to my nose .
pulling me further into the room , he stops in front of an oversized tub , half full of water , suds and flower petals .
as she bent forward , cupping the delicate blossom of a deep purple orchid and burying her nose in the center of its petals , her face fell into shadow .
a heavenly scent drifted from the petals , teasing hardy 's nose .
miracle 's mouth had dropped open into a silent o and her eyes were rounded as she took in row upon row of night blooming orchids , all proudly displaying their colorful petals .
there , at her feet , in the center of the floor , was a thick stack of blankets strewn with blood red rose petals .
every cell in my body welcomed his closeness , all my senses opened up to take him in , like flower petals opening up for the sweet , wet kiss of the rain .
all the skin that my short shorts and tiny tank top left exposed felt ultra sensitive , like my pores were opening up to him somehow , craving his closeness - flower petals spread wide to receive the wet kisses of the rain .
chocolates in the mail , flower petals in front of my door , to me it all points to jet .
when he speaks , his words pour over me like rain over flower petals .
i need to learn to tolerate being around her , learn to think of things other than tearing off her clothes with my teeth and sinking into her like a soft , wet bed of rose petals .
the red rose petals strewn across it would be visible even if the moon were n't bright and full .
i glance down to find a pretty pink rose lying on the table , its petals tightly furled , the flower not quite ready to bloom .
i set the rose on the table and study it , smooth my fingers over the velvety - soft petals .
no , she deserved rose petals and thousand count sheets and nice shit .
` ` no , you 're not supposed to throw the petals .
i knew she was taking in the flickering candles and rose petals that led down the hallway .
candles lit the interior of the room while on top of the bed , red , pink , and purple rose petals were formed into a giant heart .
without taking her eyes off mine , she eased on top of the heart made out of rose petals on the bed .
a few withered rose petals still littered the sheets from where we had made love last night .
for the final romantic gesture , i 'd gotten a ton of silk rose petals and scattered them across the worn floorboards .
walking over to the table , jake picked up a basket full of multicolored rose petals .
` ` would you really deprive me of walking on rose petals ? ''
the appearance of rhys carrying a lace - covered basket in one hand and then tossing petals with the other caused me to snort with laughter .
while melody gripped her basket tight in her hands while occasionally tossing a few lavender petals onto the floor , bella was completely oblivious to the petals in her basket .
while melody gripped her basket tight in her hands while occasionally tossing a few lavender petals onto the floor , bella was completely oblivious to the petals in her basket .
scattered rose petals across the top , and their sweet scent invaded my nose as he lowered me to the mattress .
the owner 's wife tossed rose petals at the happy couple as they walked back down the aisle .
pillows in red and black were stacked against the head board while rose petals - red rose petals - were scattered across the sheets .
pillows in red and black were stacked against the head board while rose petals - red rose petals - were scattered across the sheets .
my eyes caught the trail of red , white , and pink rose petals , and my heart twisted with love .
i followed the trail , careful not to step on the delicate flower petals .
rose petals scattered over the king sized bed ... and in the center of the bed a tiny velvet box .
lucy held onto a little basket and walked patiently beside of her cousin as mia took pink and black rose petals from the basket and carefully dropped them along the path they walked .
though he looked much like her , with golden skin and hair and large amber eyes , the entire left side of his body appeared to be wilted , like a flower petal that had been plucked and one half left out in the sun .
i stay in a splendid little suite with personal attendants and a scented bath that is filled each morning with expensive yombi oils and crushed rose petals .
a wormhole opens around her mind like the petals of a midnight flower .
she takes hold of the nearest tongue and slips it into her mouth as the petals of the flower envelope her in lavender light .
instantly she is standing in a large hall , its walls formed from the soft fleshy petals of the flower .
delicate golden veins spread across these petals , made luminous by the sap that pumps through them .
do the blossoms have five petals , or six ?
the towering himalayas enticed the weary travelers with visions of shangri - la , and the spires and temples of the city skyline offered teasing invitations of lotus petals , illumination , and enlightenment .
they spread around him like over - sized rose petals .
he could almost see it , like the ghost of a solemn red rose unfurling its petals beneath his skin .
the office was unfurnished aside from an old leather couch the color of dried rose petals and a few bookshelves .
then it 's gone , leaving a column of pink and white petals raining down on my grave .
i ' m just about to go too when a couple of tuareg , nomads from the sahara , come out from under the trees and stand in the petals by the grave .
a gentle breeze stirs the trees , picking off white petals .
negrita chases after the swirling petals , batting them with her sharp claws and pouncing on them .
a little bud was about to open and sarah was staring at it intently , trying to guess whether the petals were transparent or not , and she did n't feel seth 's shadow cover her shoulders like a blanket .
winston fondled the rose petals with deep affection .
many of the plants were thick stemmed with rubbery leaves and petals , some had no leaves at all that i could see but were covered in sharp needle like spines , even though some of these had bright blooms in amongst the spiny covering .
all displayed an abundance of flowers , some of the various coloured petals had fallen to the paths beneath and it seemed we walked upon a soft colourful carpet .
a sense of shock and surprise pulsed out of the other consciousness as she touched its edge ... ... a three fingered hand covered in a faintly iridescent grey skin reached out to pick a small blue flower with thick furred petals .
laughter in the night flower of night , petals of white .
flower of night , petals of white .
the petals of the plant were delicate but they did not break under the heavy drops of rain .
they held a small moonbud flower in their hands , they were careful not to touch the pain inducing petals .
it is dark blue , with white dots on the outside petals .
we need the petals from two of them to be sure the tea will work .
nights widow , a dark blue flower with white dots on the outside petals , kaya repeated , nodding back at her sister .
he now had a forearm bandaged just from brushing up against a plant that had fronds splayed like an asian fan , pink flowers on the end , their petals also sharp .
she turned around and faced the rose , caressing its curved petals .
staining it in sharp contrast , like cherry blossoms , with their ruby centre amidst white petals .
he saw her through the glass doors when a gust of wind blew her long chestnut hair away from her oval face revealing her dainty nose and lips like pink rose petals .
to eris it looked like something they could nt see was peeling the petals of the pod back .
he picked up the half - plucked auriol flower that he 'd discarded and finished pulling off all the petals in an absent - minded way .
` ` well now , my little bud , we shall have to show you how to unfurl your petals , shall we not ? ''
a bud unfurling petals ? ''
the fins , like petals of a flower , stood half open .
they overflow her lower lashes and trickle down her cheeks , glistening like morning dew on the petal of a flower .
shadows of the flower petals looked like wide jaws full of teeth .
in the deep blue of early morning he could clearly make out white petals against black tree bark .
her hair smells like lilacs , but not the artificial silkiness of a shampoo ; it smells of the flowers themselves , as if she soaks her charcoal locks in molten petals .
forty - two in adelaide abaccos private chamber on board the achakachula beads of jovian fuchsia hung over her makeup table , their lilac petals touching her bare legs as she sat applying white powder upon her cheeks .
his hair floated in a lattice around him , crimson petals drifting into the white strands .
a blue light fell in from the window and i could see the bath lit in its glow , petals and bubbles drifting on the surface .
the flowers descended over cerhared , falling to the garden ground and pooling in petals of violet and cerise .
petals blown by the wind alighted on the embers and melted into the heat , disintegrating in colors of rose .
within the foliage , golden flowers bloomed , their petals glowing like small suns in the night .
the golden petals bloomed throughout , intricate in a fragile radiance .
the petals curved , tendrils curling from the flowers center where its light was brightest .
i could feel its radiance on my hand , and when i touched it , its petals shied away .
some were blossoming , their great petals unfurling in the dappled light .
she stood before a flower bud that loomed over us , thin and straight , pale with thick petals and an austere air .
we wound through the flower petals , turning towards the center of the bud .
the petals enclosed us on either side , glowing gently with the light from outside .
the petals ascended like walls around a circular space ; the room had a radiance from the daylight that seeped past the brown - speckled petals .
the petals ascended like walls around a circular space ; the room had a radiance from the daylight that seeped past the brown - speckled petals .
above , the flower came to a tip , while below , the petals scooped into a swirling floor , meeting with pollen stems in the middle .
we turned through the folds of the petals , the light falling around us in pink shafts .
a single column of light fell from an opening in the ceiling where the petals parted slightly at the tip of the bud , unwrapping in the beginning of a bloom .
beside my head , the flowers were white with five petals each , like stars the size of pinpricks .
she wore earrings of white petals hanging long against her neck .
within the cage , jutting outwards from the lamp like petals of a flower , were six compact cameras .
the flower willingly allowed the thirsty visitor within her lovely petals .
red and orange petals rose from the face of the locket and framed a single , clear gem whose facets changed color with each subtle movement .
the red and orange petals were vibrant against my ivory skin , almost on fire .
if you had nt accidentally touched my face with the petals , you d havewhy did you do it ?
the streets were lined with rose petals that the still warm nights turned into a gentle perfume .
like petals of a rose how many layers did this young man have ?
flowers decorated the lip of the crater that was created by an ancient meteorite long ago , their petals drifted on the lakes peaceful surface .
opening in unison , their deep purple petals filled the air with a clean spring - like fragrance .
he did nt even notice the coffee grounds on the petals of his flower .
the petals were a little wilted , the stem a little thin , but it was still beautiful .
the plate depicted a long - haired palestinian man in a robe of purest white , showing an eighteenth - century american child a stunning flower that also happened to be the nearest to the ground , yet its petals directed themselves toward the sunny sky .
` ` i do n't , '' amy said , while fingering a flower 's leaves and petals .
the wind caught the soft pink blossoms of the sedwi trees nearby ; flower petals began to fall like pink snow upon the fields , carpeting the grass and the golden attorea flowers waving in the breeze .
kiel tramped across the glens as the snows melted and retreated , and when the warm season approached , he made his way to the north , where the stony brooks ran down from the mountains , tumbling in waterfalls down steep , rocky banks , where the wind swept up the wild sherin flowers on their branches , and lilac petals wafted and swirled in the air , cascading like snow upon the land , and where the ceiras birds sang mournfully over the bright , sandy shores of lake firien .
his fingers twitched , instinctively reaching for the rough bark of the trees and the velvet softness of wildflower petals .
as the group drew nearer , she saw that the girls were throwing white flower petals .
as she chewed on her half of the flower , she watched degi um chew the white petals of other piece .
we need bandages and alcohol and tweezers and a scalpel and iodine ... we need lulling petals so i do n't hurt her ...
do it nick , i need lulling petals .
we do nt have any lulling petals !
he was a shirtless man with a muscular build and long silk pants , but a strange metal mask over his entire heads , large and protruding in the shape of a pentagon and his eyes began to glow a bright orange , with mechanical underpinnings in the nose and mouth area like a strange breathing apparatus , but with moving parts that twisted in and out like flower petals blossoming .
he stands and appeared to laugh as his mask moved up and down and the twisting petals on his breathing apparatus moved faster .
he develops and refines the additives , monitors the plants very carefully , adds another drop of this or that to the soil , prunes back the leaves just another centimetre , increases the humidity in the greenhouse just a bit , and on and on , to grow the best rose , for example , the one with the most vibrant color , the healthiest petals , the highest proportion of petal to leaf , or what have you , i do nt know exactly .
she held it before her , tracing its silky petals with her fingertips and then bringing the thing before her to smell .
he stopped , touching a yellow flowers petals and breathing in its aroma before following the light onward .
yellow chairs with comfortable arms like the petals of a daisy .
every surface was covered in bright colors and delicate petals .
there was blood and the colorful remains of flower petals under his fingernails .
that explained the blood and flower petals .
they traced the petals of my sex without any indecision .
it only had four petals , but they were beautiful , striped orange and black and dotted in white .
those were n't petals they were wings .
her cheeks brushed against my skin , smooth and soft as flower petals .
and the wings slowly fluttering against my hand , soft as kiyu 's skin and delicate as flower petals i knew what it was .
it was a flower of light , budding , blooming , bending , white petals spreading out and unfurling over themselves like the first lily after a harsh winter , and each second was more miraculous than the last .
1 a red petal , placed on the space between your breasts , would taste tart as a mulberry from the salt rhythms of your beating chest .
and when you have offered yourself to the wine - god , and born his dancing as a mark below your chest , i might remind you of the red petal that i once placed between your breasts .
i am a boudoir full of dusty clothes , and scattered petals from a faded rose , where only pale pastels and yellow prints still hold a touch of some forgotten scent .
she could hear the petals of the flowers flutter and then remembered that she would need to have a microphone that magnified sound if she was ever going to hear a sound like that for real .
she was lifting and separating flower petals between her fingers , leaning back to gaze at their arrangement critically .
inside the globe a flurry of white rose petals sprung from an unseen source and saturated the air for miles with heavenly fragrance .
for every persons a flower petals gently glowing in the sun , and every persons a mirror revealing what you yourself have done .
wedding bells peeled and a group of village minstrels began to play their wedding song and her maid of honor showered them with rose petals as they embraced .
her hair and lips , the colour of rose petals .
her dress looked like it had been made out of the petals of a very large rose .
it wrapped around her waist tightly , two pointed ends of the petals going over her shoulders , like straps .
the petals unfurled .
the moon trickled a silvery glow across the world , edging the petals and leaves with brilliance .
the dump rooms walls opened up like flower petals .
there was a forlorn and slightly wilted white rose in the centre of the table , which became more and more pitiful as the scented candle burning close to it singed its petals .
on its tiny feet little yellow shoes were clearly rolled from flower petals .
as they descended on the coordinates they were given , they saw the planet surface below them beginning to open like the petals of a flower to allow them to land on a subterranean landing pad .
` ` you can eat rose petals . ''
flower petals , fragrant , soft , and pink , fell down on them from above .
flower petals from the drasil swirled around the center of the island , covering her like a blanket .
its quick and feverish , as soft as the petals that brush my fingers as i lean back , honours body following the movement .
scattered through the meadow was a strange flower that reminded him of black - eyed susans , except with pale pink petals and a deep purple center .
it was of majestic height , with comely white petals and attractive purple leaves and seemingly harmless thorns , all of which served to disguise its actual design .
but the petals and leaves themselves , they were perfectly harmless .
with a gentle manner his parents blew on the petals of the flower , causing the white petals to fall over radfewx .
with a gentle manner his parents blew on the petals of the flower , causing the white petals to fall over radfewx .
he touched her legs , her thighs , and the dampness of her love petals .
he saw a white - stemmed one with thick green petals , a vine - like plant with purple - y circles joined by stringy fiber the length of an arm , and a hairy yellow star with black polyps .
he looked over his shoulder to a tung tree that flowered clusters of white petals with purple throats in array .
the yellow , wilted petals of the flowers in the field drooped , wet , like his arms .
in the garden mommas roses were dirty too and momma would try to clean them with the hose but that was bad for the petals , she said .
they 're modelling florals : black jumpsuits with little yellow and blue forget - me - nots ; summer dresses in bright yellow with white daisies ; a beautiful dress shaped like an upside - down lily , starting just above the model 's boobs and opening out to flow down to the ground ; an evening gown with many layers in subtle shades of deep red , like rose petals , with a hat to match ; and a girl wearing a plain white bathrobe and flip - flops with fake lotus flowers on them .
she gets a pink tutu and we shower her with petals as she pirouettes about the place , spinning round and round until she gets wobbly and falls over .
i kept silent and managed to stay serene as a buddha bathed in cinnamon and lotus petals .
knowing that he 'd be next , he ran further into the room , hiding behind the combat - pod 's petals ; more of a difficult target when they come after him .
he s already seen them pointing up , the violet - edged shoots , the stem bearing the sheathed flower and the slow revelation of bloom , pink , red , yellow like now , but another now because he d seen them past this stage , yawning wider and wider each day , then the fall of the petals totally baring the pistils .
the road is carpeted with soft white petals , and the branches arch over it , giving the illusion of a tunnel .
we approach cautiously beneath the trees , treading on silken white petals .
went out into the road with a knife when no one was looking , sat beneath the white trees and turned the fallen petals red .
at first one or two stray plants but within in minutes of spotting the first a quilt of violet , pink and yellow petals covered both sides of the worn path .
trisha began outlining thick red petals around the yellow circle .
she had completed three petals , nearly half her flower , before examining cody 's drawing in detail .
the soft petals brush across my nose as i take in a deep whiff of the sweet - smelling flower .
the red , rocky ground has little sections with grass sprouting out of it flowers , with delicate milky - white petals .
houses had been freshly painted , and it seemed that every flower box had been raided to shower me in petals .
as if on cue there was the crackle of static , like a glitch in a recording and the image distorted and re - set to where it had been minutes earlier , the dragon resumed his weaving and the petals fell anew .
theo stared at the hand a moment , as if unsure what to do with it , then the illusionary petals and the wriggling dragon crackled and re - set again .
someone has to watch the petals ! ''
` ` and so the petals that come the closest to the ground fall just above us , but from here it is harder to count them , '' theo was saying as dis and velveeto entered the square .
although i think sometimes he does watch too closely and too persistent on one thing or other when , to count the petals in their whole one must not watch one single . ''
theo sent velveeto back to his post and resumed watching the petals .
this small group met together and made a pact calling themselves , the forsaken petal .
they began to destroy the women who had been chosen by the forsaken petal and forced the members of the group to be the first to leave the world .
as the order left and took their magic with them , the forsaken petals fear started to become a reality .
the forsaken petal , to their utmost grief , realized that they were the very cause of their greatest fear and lamented their mistake .
four men who had established the forsaken petal remained .
the forsaken petal hoped that someday a person would come into the world who would re - establish the order of the rose .
if you have enjoyed reading and found order of the rose : the forsaken petal to be enjoyable to read please leave a review on amazon.com by clicking here .
the tall audience stands bloomed with snapping pennons of every hue , dancing petals color in a bed of thousands of white arcadian wings .
one of her handmaidens , a pretty young nyad girl with pearls braided into her long cerulean hair for the occasion , scattered rose petals and curls of beaten gold on the grass before maeve 's feet .
- dr . ellan markav , dean of outland studies time lay in its cradle quietly once upon a day long ago not the song of erris is heard yet voices carried on the wind faintly laughing spring winds come whispering to find that aes lays no longer in her high , heavenly bower but in a mortal wing 's embrace so loving [ chorus : ] two hundred eighty - eight days of light will be desired by a night if you would dare lay claim to the right to ask a gift of the white to every blossom , its season autumn caresses laid to rest the goddess to the sky returned yet from erris , she could not conceal her treason for when the petals fall from the tree the wanton branches swell with fruit carried she within her a new life to the halls of the all - singer with a plea [ chorus ] erris , the first god , burned with anger that his bride had strayed from him for the innocent she carried the rage that tore worlds asunder did waver for the life of her child , aes pleaded for the love in his divine heart erris agreed with his lady but his realm never with mortal blood seeded [ chorus ] in the fullest turning of a year to aes was born a baby boy with hair black as a the deepest night cavain , she called the child , in her eye a tear by the decree of the all - singer cavain descended from the sky to the ring of wild worlds below laden with naught but his long wings and his spear [ chorus ] for his divine blood , cavain was blessed for his mortal blood , cursed to die in the turning of the ages for his numbered year , cavain dared not to rest wings , feet and gates carried him between the worlds that danced around bright aes found other winged sky - dancers sea - eyed nyads , dryads in the forests clean [ chorus ] cavain 's wandering found worlds too wild overgrown and torn by the tides all lives lived in fear of the flame only ashes left behind the fae of fire to his side , cavain called the wild herd to learn the order of the gods to raise great cities of crystal but the pyran would not heed his kindest word [ chorus ] followers of the flame called for war every city reduced to ash cavain raised his banner to them to fight back the flame for all of time , he swore before his spear , the fiery fae fell destructive blazes laid to rest never again to raise a flame cavain 's kingdom ever under peaceful spell [ chorus ] in honor of cavain 's divine call of aes the cloud - veiled sky - dancer white kingdom was named the new land to cavain was given lordship over all seasons turn , as seasons often do the night has passed beyond our sight but to his royal lineage the races of fae still pay their given due for without the gifts of cavain 's line to stream and spire and hill and sky devouring fire would consume all so sing to the raven - manes and i sing mine [ chorus ] [ chorus ] more books by erica lindquist & aron christensen : the reforged trilogy : anvil of tears sword of dreams hammer of time forged : 4 reforged short stories in the house of five dragons fireflies ( a short story collection ) the dead beat ( a short story serial ) volumes 1 - 3 whisperworld hangman 's cross ( forthcoming ) the burning noose ( forthcoming ) my guide to rpg storytelling ( nonfiction ) my storytelling guide companion ( nonfiction ) by aron christensen dbs publishing llc copyright 2015 by dbs publishing llc smashwords edition exiled- the beginning chapter 1 brooke watched the ceiling fan blades circle above her .
rays of sun glinted off of fresh drops of dew , and various flowers were in the process of opening their petals to the sun .
he dreamed of ocean water showing three flower plants in the color black rising from water unfurling their petals recognizing them as the dream goddesses on terra spoken to people through dreaming states showing them as always roses rising from the ocean waters .
children tossed flowers into the air where the petals were lifted by the breeze .
by the next day , the flower had been fertilized and the petals closed shut - about pistil , insects , and all .
it was as if santanni - and the arcadia vii - had simply broken off from the empire , like a petal from a flower .
anything else -- such as rose petals , as they used to do it before the war in los angeles -- that does not count .
if he stood , paul knew , he could look down into petals as clean and red as fresh blood whirling , turning there - disks of ambient color tossed on an emerald freshet .
when she sat for a long time in one place , it gradually blended into the background , the ultimate wallflower 's petals .
the sun - muted to a carefully chosen degree by the glassene walls - struck it beautifully , making its petals radiant .
flowers imitate insects - patterning their petals after wings , stealing their smells .
when i lean against them , crushing the fragile - veined petals against my gold robe , a delicate perfume surrounds me .
exotic flowers , capped with delicate white petals , framing a pale yellow center , stand nearly two meters tall .
the plants are new , too ; these bear lightly scented blossoms with delicate crimson petals .
no rose petals and ox dung and boiled owl spit .
her cheeks and brow and throat , flushed dark with the exertions of childbirth only a moment before , faded to the waxy whiteness of orchid petals .
patrick plucked a petal from the rose , judged it , then plucked another to go with it .
for a moment his face went slack with a peculiar sort of ecstasy , and roland wondered what the petals might taste like .
the water smells faintly of rose petals .
she knew this because of the fear that bloomed in pale petals across leon 's face .
they rushed past with a scissoring urgency , across brown paths , grass , disturbing yellow petals in a flower border .
wet wind , busy feet , crushed petals -- there was fascination in the movement viewpoint drew back , back , back .
they were full blown , dripping blood - colored petals like the garlands on diana 's altar .
` ` you need to be wise , thousand petals .
i ' m petals open to the moon , but my family mostly calls me pet .
was n't i petals open to the moon ?
where was petals open to the moon ?
he could n't take his eyes from her fragile face ; her doll - like nose and lips , her irises like pale - green beads , her ears like faded rose petals barely seen through hair of fine - spun gold .
they were pink as tongues and their petals convoluted into one another like a line of mirrors .
they opened like flower petals expanding to reveal the gondola in their midst - orange petals and the glistening gondola .
they opened like flower petals expanding to reveal the gondola in their midst - orange petals and the glistening gondola .
he knew he was there with waela and thomas , yet still saw the flower as its petals closed .
a flower - petal pressed for many years between the pages of a book might give off the same distant memory of scent .
the bone which had become something like a key drew inward , concentrating itself into bright , overlapping petals and folds as dark and velvety as a moonless summer midnight .
some of the petals had curled back ; the outer edges of these were brown and dead .
as she watched , a horsefly landed on a bright blue petal ... which at once folded over it and rolled up tight .
and father mattingly realized he was stepping all over the flowers and the silent white - faced child was staring at his shoes , at the white petals crushed beneath them .
ageless she looked , almost like a giant little girl with her innocent hair , her face devoid of lines , even the shiny lipstick the color of rose petals .
' i love these purple blossoms - how i used to love to touch them when i went walking , to see the petals shiver . '
why the hell ca n't you take off the gloves for a moment , just to feel those tender little petals in your hand ?
' see the tiny brown and yellow petals , mingled with the orange .
no , just unfolding , as roses often do , opening little by little until they fall apart in a cascade of bruised petals .
and the soft rustling sound of the rose petals falling on the marble table .
with a faint smile , she went back to the roses , picked one from the vase , and gently holding it to her lips to feel its silky petals , she went out the front door .
it really was just an enormous rose , and look how many petals , and how strangely confused they seemed .
in fact , the petals were already brown at the edges and curling .
she watched it sway and then right itself and grow still , its ragged petals trembling .
he picked it up , examining it , trying to figure why it looked so strange , and then he realized it was much longer than any lily he 'd ever seen , and its petals seemed unusually fragile .
stroking the inside of her thighs where the skin was always softest and had no down , and her legs were turning outward like petals opening .
the bougainvillea swept over the ceiling , curling down by the marble mantels , tiny purple petals fluttering into the smoking flames .
twisting orange - red petals of fire hung above it in the air , a flower that was still opening , an american disaster rose .
the fabric was amazingly soft on her skin , the velvet smooth as petals from a highland flower .
he removed a handful of flower petals and began to let them fall before him .
some scholars say that the manywar was fought over these flower petals , that the kingdoms of kuth and huth were destroyed by little drips of color . ''
the petals fell to the floor .
most agree that the manywar was not only about petals squeezed dry , but a much greater prize .
then the thrumming died , and the light in the globe seemed to furl up like petals .
the floor was scattered with the petals of dead roses .
almost all the green leaves were gone from them now , and their branches were laden with blue blossoms , and the petals carpeted the sidewalks and the tarmac below .
there are no rose petals , save for her cheeks .
you stand in running water , in clear spring water , while eating white rose petals . ''
i scoured boxes of faded flower petals , crumpled ticket stubs , paged obsessively through old yearbooks .
robbie bent to pluck a handful of petals and tossed them into the air .
they flung the lid open , and inside to the very lip was loose sackcloth , and the chest was heaped with large round balls , wrapped in faded brown petals .
he slammed his foot into one of the petals .
the white petals were symmetrical , but the red pattern that spread out from the center was uneven , like rays of sunlight peeking out from behind a darkened moon during a solar eclipse .
each was shaped like a flower , with three large , heart - shaped petals and a ring of red in the middle .
then like the petals of a flower , six sections of the roof peeled fully open .
or maybe it was the shifting layer of white jasmine petals floating on the surface , the source of the room 's perfume .
she settled into the steamy warmth , sinking to her chin , leaning back against the tile , hair spreading over the water and petals .
water splashed over the tub 's edge and washed across the tiles , leaving a trail of jasmine petals on the floor .
the remaining petals sloshed around her bare midsection .
the slick of jasmine petals hid the depths of the tub .
the snake 's head surfaced through the petals , a few clinging to its mud brown head .
he stood by the entrance to the bath , staring at the floating length of dead snake among the jasmine petals .
a snap of an electrical circuit sounded from the silo door , and its steel petals opened like the iris on a camera .
the numerous petals all led to one center .
closer ... he is hit by the crisp bite of cut grass ... the trickle of sweetness from petals opening to the night .
she lowered her hands , her face radiant , blushing as darkly as the petals of the chrysanthemums .
together they stepped into the shadowy fields and crouched beside a patch of tall , thin plants , each stalk crowned by black petals .
he gently pointed to a small flower with white petals .
at first the signs were subtle : bees the size of walnuts , a wall of black orchids whose petals opened and closed on their own , a dwarf boa that slithered into a clear pond , revealing a series of gills along its flanks .
everywhere , water dripped from leaves , and flower petals gently drifted down .
cast - off , colorless petals wilted on the table around the base of the vase .
she had short blonde hair and wore a simple shift the color of sunflower petals .
tinier than most fairies , she had fiery wings shaped like flower petals .
the dismal flock of fairies were working their magic on a row of rosebushes , turning green leaves brown and vivid petals black .
wilted petals blushed .
a red fairy with wings like flower petals shot through the air .
the third was tiny even for a fairy , with fiery wings shaped like flower petals .
he pointed at a large blue and white flower with a trumpet - shaped blossom and vivid , translucent petals .
sometimes she was smelling a blossom or stroking its petals .
unscrewing the top , he gathered bits of grass , flower petals , a twig , and a pebble , and placed them in the jar .
twig , grass , pebble , flower petals , mirror , and all .
he looked back at the jar , empty now except for a few wilting flower petals .
many have wasted their lives pursuing and consuming the petals of those bewitching flowers .
sit and smell them for a few minutes , and you 'll end up with a petal in your mouth before you know what you 're doing .
the petal of a pansy became a blazing ax in her other hand .
splotches of garish color , off - center petals ... eshonai paused beside varanis , one of her lieutenants .
shamespren fell around her , shaped like white and red flower petals that drifted on a wind .
vines of numerous varieties draped the rock wall itself , and the ground teemed with rockbuds , a variety that remained open even when there was n't rain , blossoms drooping with heavy petals from the inside , along with tonguelike tendrils that moved like worms , seeking water .
rockbud petals stretching out , timid leaves unfolding .
a whirling group of translucent flower petals stirred among them , fading into view .
some reeds produced flowers to entice cremlings , which would feast upon the petals and in so doing rub themselves with spores that would give rise to the next generation , once mixed with the spores of other plants .
... the shadows of the abyss are like the petals of a monstrous flower that shall blossom within the skull and expand the mind beyond what any man can bear ... ` ` i think she interrupted the creator of the script on the wall , '' i said .
the lawns strewn with petals .
that did not mean i was going to clean up the mess of dirt and flower petals on her tiling .
the tips of the petals were a pale lavender .
the path from the city gate to the edge of the lake had been carefully cleared , and aphrael , who was not above cheating on occasion , had strewn it with flower petals .
the child goddess , whirling and dancing in the air and with her clear voice raised in flute - song , preceded them , again strewing their path with flower petals .
flickers of red , green , orange and purple , all interspersed with streaks of white , stained the azure petals of bhelliom as the troll - gods trapped within the gem fought to resist .
the bhelliom gave a little lurch as he spoke the fatal name , and some of the steel went out of its petals .
he barked to the bhelliom , bringing up his other hand so that both rings touched the deep blue petals , ' destroy that thing ! '
sparhawk brushed off the glowing petals of the sapphire rose .
he could see insects and the individual petals of wildflowers .
it was a curiously familiar flower , its petals white on the outside and a deep , blushing crimson in the center .
i like the fragrance of the flower , and it is mine in a sort of special way , so i sprinkle petals in the chests where i keep my clothes . ''
aboard those barges was a chorus of young tolnedran women who strewed flower petals on the broad surface of the nedrane and caroled a formal greeting to the imperial princess .
from deep within its azure heart there came a kind of pulsating glow , deep blue at the tips of the petals and darkening down at the gem 's centre to a lambent midnight .
' do not look too deeply into those petals , gentlemen , ' sephrenia warned .
i could wear the petals off bhelliom destroying zemoch infantry units with it , and we 'd all grow old and grey on some fluid battlefield to the north of lake cammoria .
he felt a strange shift in the jewel , and a single spot of bright red appeared deep within the azure petals .
the pinpoint of light within the glowing blue petals was a sickly mixture of green and yellow , and sparhawk suddenly had a foul taste in his mouth , a taste much like the smell of half - decayed meat .
the bhelliom grew hot in his hands , and that single spark of red appeared in its petals .
the stone grew hot under his hands again , and the glowing red spot appeared deep within its petals .
the jewel seemed very hot , and light , wavering like heat - lightning on a summer 's night , seethed among its petals .
and when the elenes heard of ghwerig and his bhelliom , they sought the entrances to the troll - dwarf 's cavern throughout the hills and valleys of thalesia , all hot with their lust to find and own the fabled gem by reason of its incalculable worth , for they knew not of the power locked in its azure petals .
` ` methinks they have some strange property concealed within their blushing petals that may be of some interest to lady polgara - some healing agent too subtle for my limited familiarity with unguents and aromatic herbs to discern . ''
the outsides of the petals were as white as new snow , but the insides , where the flower was just opening , were a deep , blushing red .
when durnik finished , he held a living flower out to aunt pol , its petals beaded with dew .
it was quite small , and its petals were not very firmly attached .
but though i had to listen to him compare my lips to rose petals and my hair to spirals of ink , i also learned that the cosgrove - pitt home boasted a star terrace .
` ` the best way is to peel off one petal at a time and eat a segment .
a lime and salt residue had seeped through the bottoms of the pots , mixing with dirt and fragments of dried geranium petals and cricket legs .
ned remembered the way she had smiled then , how tightly her fingers had clutched his as she gave up her hold on life , the rose petals spilling from her palm , dead and black .
a storm of rose petals blew across a blood - streaked sky , as blue as the eyes of death .
ned stark reached out his hand to grasp the flowery crown , but beneath the pale blue petals the thorns lay hidden .
a scented beeswax candle burned on the bedside table and rose petals had been strewn between the sheets .
then came prince tommen , scattering rose petals from a basket before the king and queen .
pages ran before them , scattering rose petals under their hooves .
you will sleep on rose petals and wear silken skirts that rustle when you walk , and great lords will beggar themselves for your maiden 's blood .
blood - blooms had sprouted from their gaping wounds , pale flowers with petals plump and moist as a woman 's lips .
like a child pulling petals off a daisy , thought jon .
did they even have any petals left after you were done ?
broken glass and flower petals litter the floor .
i do n't understand why i touched him or what 's happening now that i am , but i feel something opening inside me , like a bud spreading its delicate petals toward the sun .
the cold water lifted her full petticoats like the petals of a water lily .
on the ceiling , venus , crowned by the graces , cast garlands of flowers to enthrall the gods at her feet ; she was so lovely , the petals so real , that marie - josephe could imagine reaching into the air and capturing a wreath touched by dew .
a ragged cloud passed across its face , fragmenting its silver light like falling petals .
he carried a tall sheaf of sunflowers that whipped in the wind , shedding yellow petals .
petals of roses had been sprinkled as a welcome gesture .
crimson petals splashed all over the otherwise pristine snow .
chapter twelve red , purple and yellow chrysanthemums float on top of the salty ocean water as dawn breaks , the current gradually taking the petals out to sea .
she was tucking the poppy blossoms into cracks between boulders , the red of their petals like brands of fire growing from grey stone .
pemona stands , twisting her lips , funny then rotates her neck muscles around the woody floor while noting there s no sight of nice or mean teens then strolls three steps , dropping the gourd to grass and leans carefully into first bush of full blooming cabbage yellow roses , touching gingerly the soft silky petals , smiling innocently at the tender gesture that reminds her of home in south beach with her parents and baby sister .
i close my eyelashes , flipping my cropped skull around in a completed circle , cracking my tense neck joints , and rest my eyeballs upon my dirty hands , dirty arms , dirty vest then view my dirty pants then look at my dirty muddy cowgirl boots that covers in black , navy , and orange bite - nats paint , grass stains , flower petals , and honeysuckles vines .
our goody funny friendship blossoms from a bed of tiny cute rosebuds into a bushel full flowering rose petals of puppy love with ease from our shared common loss : amita .
wolf slowly walks to the patch of pretty flowers , feeling the soft petals between his calloused finger pads , admiring the beautiful yellow flora as rochelle pads beside him , educating .
where s your home located , b bonita , she sings in flute music and smiles when i violently jerk my skull to my right looking for that pesky cockroach inside the green bush near the pink rose petals .
the citizens toss flora petals at his crown , falling down his chest , onto the balloons , and then at his boots .
the walls hang with a series of long swirling and twirling plant vines of red roses from the ceiling , draping down to the flooring tile , and then over the tile in tiny individual red rose petals .
i view my tiny ten toes swimming in loose soft red rose petals , smelling with my nose holes the sweet aroma of roses .
i stare at my toes , then the tile , the walls , the vines of rose petals hanging from the ceiling , smiling so wide that my cheeks might crack open and bleed .
he scoots from my body and bows at his waist in respect and then twirls me in a half - circle as flutters of rose petals dance into the air , onto my dress , on me .
i giggle with delight watching the flutter of hundreds of air - borne red petals over my dress , over my toes and over my rann i view rann , smiling and nodding .
i flash back mentally in the second time line when rann saved me from the fires then proposed marriage to me inside the cute room decorated with billions rose petals .
your smell like rose petals .
mella extends her two finger pads , gently touches the yellow carnation , feeling the soft petals then bends her nose to smell the aroma , complimenting .
drake gently pushes mella from his chest , spinning her around to face him , memorizing her violet doe eyes , ruby red lips , and ravin hair then swiftly dips his skull and passionately presses his wet lips against her soft rose petals , taunting his dad into a visual blood lust .
tina gasps nosily noting the new addition of tillys wardrobe which are financial contributions of mella and drake as she eye burns the silver long - sleeved tee with scoop neck and jeweled sequined patterns of flowers in the center along the leaf petals outlined in silver on tillys 36dd chest paired with the plain solid black denim skinny jeans on her long legs and a new pair of cowgirl boots covering her naked toes .
instead , it was full of fallen leaves , dust , and petals .
the field was covered with the white petals of the chamomiles , which constantly distracted electra and cassandra , forcing them to pick one every minute or two and play the loves me , loves me not game , and every time they would either smile with delight or throw the stalk away with resentment and sing another verse of the song .
eric swam above the multicolored corals that resembled pinkish tree branches and yellow sunflowers , transparent green mushrooms and hundreds of embroidered blue petals .
along the banks bloomed flowers by the hundred , their white , pancake - shaped petals mottled with patches of pink , magenta , and rose .
the pendant was arranged like the petals of a very tiny flower made from dark cold to the touch stones .
the yellow flower disappeared into a puff of petals as the orix hit the plant and kept going .
you re looking for a tri - petal flower that has purple elongated petals with white edges .
its a purple flower with three petals .
standing slowly , he opened the tiny chest to reveal a striking purple flower with three elongated petals ringed with white .
i move through the swaying flowers , running my fingers along the tops of their velvety petals .
their seeded faces followed him as he walked , and i kept my eyes on their wide , yellow petals , unable to resist the temptation to reach out and touch one .
i snatched some daisies and plucked the petals from them throwing them to the ground like confetti .
to finish it off , they used a roses petals to color my lips .
startled from my reverie , i felt the soft petals of a flower against my face .
in his hands he carried an amethyst candleholder bejeweled with gems , flower petals , and bits of coral .
i gasp at the beauty of the petals , then pause to catch a breath again when i notice what s behind them ; a silver theta scorpii , chans exotic car .
in the center of everything else , the green grass , towering trees , and the lush landscape , is a round table for two on a deck covered with white rose petals .
infatuation will fade like dry petals blown to bits by the wind .
she did look like a queen , a princess to be more precise whose beauty was being conserved by keeping her from the gruelling summer sun and from making her bathe with milk and all those other things that they use for fair skin , by making her walk on rose petals to keep her feet from getting dirty and to keep them soft .
at its center is the face of a young girl surrounded by petals .
behind the alter , on the wall was a huge , wooden semblance of a rose bent upon itself , so that the petals touched the stem .
he is the insect that uses your precious petals as a resting spot .
there were small purple petals scattered .
he began tearing out the petals of the flower , not wanting the other boy to guess what he had picked it for .
she laughed , thinking that she almost looked like a wild flower with her face the center and her hair the petals .
the petals continued rising and headed toward me .
under the petals were little bodies attached to little heads .
there were two females and one male , their bodies the color of the petals or , i guessed , their wings , and they were dressed in matching clothes .
i yell , nipping the immediate problem in the budding rose petals .
rose petals ?
alexs lips felt like rose petals as he kissed the back of my hand .
she reached down to pluck a stray violet , staring at its petals for a long moment .
if you look close , you can see that the red petals have a black stem running through the center .
this vein contains a strong antidote for the poison inside of the red petals , tristan knelt and plucked the first of the beautiful red flowers from the ground .
after he finished picking the flowers , tristan pulled the petals off very carefully .
the first thing he had to do was boil the petals until they fell apart , leaving the black veins of antidote whole .
one of the flowers had a handful of yellow petals strewn about its ruined remains .
sprawled out on the long grass , i enjoyed julian playfully teasing my jaw with the petals of a daisy .
its petals were not completely unfolded , as though it had frozen halfway through blooming .
the petals were pure as they twisted out of the emerald stem , lacking any trace of wilt .
kiethara unconsciously stepped forward , sending up a swirl of fallen petals .
as she watched , petals began to rise out of the locket .
they all seemed to be rose petals , but of different colors , colors that she had nt even known were possible for a rose to become .
the song seemed to carry them as they floated higher , a sense of magic spinning out of the locket as fast as the petals did .
the petals began to form something .
the sheer amount of the petals confounded herhow could all of this fit into the locket ?
the petals floated back down to the locket and he clicked it shut .
the dizzying show of petals began .
after one last painful note of music , the petals fell back into the locket and the golden doors swung shut .
a few petals blew around her , her hair twitching as though it longed to join them .
picture in your head the form of a daisy , with long , luscious petals .
the petals are exceptionally vivid , a silver that shines like silk , with a texture of the same consistency .
where the petals meet , there is a ring of white that is as soft as snow .
tentatively , she reached out a finger to stroke one of the silver petals .
now , pluck those five petals gently , please .
she , ever so gently , laid the petals in one pile and the remains of the beauty in another .
again , it was beyond simple to rip the petals up .
it was as though the petals were ripples themselves .
a yellow tulip slowly bloomed in a twist , much slower than kiethara grew her flowers and less vibrant , for one or two of the petals drooped .
carefully , durga inserted the petals one by one until there were none left and the orb was half its original size .
she walked along the tables lining the area inside the tent , naming each flower she walked by as she stroked their petals .
i m three minutes older than petunia , petals winked , nudging her twin sister .
petunia and petals or pet 1 and pet 2 - as we liked to call them - were the only identical twins at our training tech .
across from us were petunia , river , petals , ridge , willow , and clay .
petunia and petals leaned in toward each other , making their arms touch , crowding river .
but look , petals said , moving her arm closer to rivers .
petunia fertile ridge fertile stone fertile coral infertile rosemary fertile ash infertile fisher fertile rosebud fertile violet infertile palm - infertile petals infertile thorn - fertile lily infertile the names continued to be called , but i had stopped listening .
oh yes , petals agreed .
you see , any child i have will also look like it came from her , and since petals is infertile but i am not , i can have one for me and then have one for her .
we will need to marry brothers , petals continued .
petunia and petals are very good friends of mine .
and then there is petals .
what about petals ?
tomorrow night does not belong to petunia and petals , it belongs to concord .
petunia and petals will receive their own attention when we bring out the two sets of brothers the marriage broker was able to find for them .
petunia and petals are going to wear matching floral print dresses with big poofy skirts .
this new style consultant was determined to make me the center of all attention , though at petunia and petals gala , it just did nt seem right .
petunia and petals were inside , ready and waiting .
plus , petals grinned .
i was pretty sure it was petals .
i feel bad for squashing in on petunia and petals , but i guess they are going to do something special with them at the end of the evening too , so the focus will be drawn away from me .
sitting in the center of it were petals and petunia .
* * * * * chapter thirteen times and tracking as thorn and i approached the couch where petunia and petals sat talking to the four chosen young men , i noticed heads turning , eyes following , and fingers pointing .
the average of the citizens scores , in addition to the councils scores , and of course petunia and petals scores , will be calculated .
i should have left when i saw those petals scattered on the floor at her feet , but i did nt .
its not ruined , he said , waving his hand over the petals , and the rose magically came back together , the petals falling into their places .
its not ruined , he said , waving his hand over the petals , and the rose magically came back together , the petals falling into their places .
the flowers petals were darker than the walls in her bedroom and faded to a shade lighter than kais at the base .
the petals , only two inches long , were closed , as if shunning the light .
it was a pearly color and the petals looked like they were made from light stone .
she picked up ness ; already half adorned with her flower girl outfit , and swung her around the kitchen until the paper roses that had been tacked to her skirt came flying off in all directions , covering us all in pink petals .
ness was lined up to go first , a basket of paper petals in her hands ready to scatter , then blod would take her bampis arm to walk down the aisle .
outside , the day lilies were almost completely closed , their usually delicate petals metamorphisizing into bulbous sacks on spindly stems .
the huge arm of the crane eventually plucked the hapless lorry from its entrenched residence with the ease of king kong plucking petals off a daisy .
a dog rose , a little tatty and missing some of its outer petals , but still beautiful in its simplicity .
he pulled me across the street while i stared down at the pale pink , silken petals .
i have looked through a wall of crystal panes , seen flower bearing petals of eight ; a rose of our royal tombs .
she slammed the door in bashas face and a few petals fell off the flowers .
i could nt stop thinking , could nt stop dreaming , and all because when i was ten years of age , on one particularly windy spring day , a few petals from a distant tree had floated over the wall .
they were no larger than a fingernail , but i d held those petals in my palm as if they were the greatest of treasures .
on the way back over , she reads the attached card out loud : for the most exquisite pink petals ... love always , antonio .
you and dagdron need to get the petals of a cave lily and bark off a destello tree .
the first bowl had a colorful mix of white yucca petals and mint leaves .
he closed and opened his hand in the form of a duck as if picking petals off a flower , saying she loves me , she loves me not .
flower petals would be scattered at our feet , and violinists would be playing on the bank , as we passed , holding hands and locking lips .
the flower petals floated across the stage as he sang about them in the song .
she smiled at him from the edge of the shadows and the petals twirled and danced .
flower petals , in dark pink swirled all over the gown in a random pattern .
he opened the plastic grocery bag that he brought with him and reached inside , pulling out a fistful of pink rose petals , to match the flowers on mallorys gown .
mallory watched and smiled , her hand coming up to try to touch the petals as they moved .
mac observed her as she gazed , fascinated by the rose petals .
as he sang , mallory turned toward her mother and smiled , then she gently faded away until only the breeze softly swirled the rose petals around and around on her grave .
it was rose petals .
as i cried , watching my son singing on top of mallorys grave , the pink rose petals gently moved in the breeze around and around his kneeling form .
i could already picture the twining vines of moonflowers climbing the fence , the pretty white petals open to greet the night .
the petals were all different sizes and colors .
by the time he had reached his hysterically - excited friend , his hair was thick with pink petals .
ryan closed the gate behind him and began fishing the petals out of his hair .
a carpet of vibrant , green grass surrounded me , layered with the petals of flowering trees .
the petals in all different colors floated tenderly down to the earth like a beautiful and colorful snow .
the petals continued to fall around me , tickling my arms as they made their way to the plush ground .
the petals continued to fall from the trees sweetly and calmly .
i did nt take them right away , but glared at their pretty petals instead .
a warm breeze swirled around me , sending petals dancing through the air and invoking an intoxicatingly sweet aroma .
we planned this whole after prom experience , there would have been rose petals on the bed and whispered i love yous .
garth stands at the end of my boot toes as i lay flat on my back muscles inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals strewed along on the grass .
he smiles and nods his skull , once while his dorky thick eyeglasses drops towards his nose as i swiftly drop to my kneecaps beside his wheelchairs right wheel while my dress spreads like a blooming rose petals over the polished floor so were even in lips then i touch my ten finger pads to his right arm rest as he inquires with his tomcat curiosity looking into my eyes with his big blue eyeballs .
garth standing at the end of my boot toes as i lay flat on my back muscles inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals strewed along on the grass as i clearly see an upright position of garths six feet and one inches with a sweaty wet t - shirt that clings to his board shoulders , muscular chest , and eight - pack of abs like he want swimming in the creek water forgetting to change out his farm clothes since he wears a pair of slightly dirty rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots .
i pop it open leaning my body back behind the seat grabbing the arm bouquet of red long - stemmed roses since the fresh petals could stain the leather seats then i gallop for a second time with the roses in my left hand through the garage slamming open the unlocked door with my right hand moving in the enclosed laundry room and yell to my angels in heaven in piccolo music .
i right foot then left foot into the middle of the living room then flop down on my bee_hind upon the thick carpet as my dress spreads like a blooming rose petals with my legs crossed as i hear the prom dress rip somewhere near the left side of my waist line echoing into both my good set of eardrums dropping the heavy rose bouquet between my legs with both frustration and sadness whispering like delicate butterflys wings .
i stare at the single petal and repeat softly .
he kissed me , standing swiftly on booted feet as the dress rips and shouting loudly to my angels in heaven with a bright smile on my chapped lips holding both my arms and happy face towards the ceiling as the rose petals fall gracefully over my hair .
there is a separate eating - room decorated in crystal and gold colors , when lara lee stomps her high heels over the soft rose petals covering the tile flooring .
each bird drops a soft single petal of flora roses and daisy flowers upon the cool marble .
i lay flat on my back muscles inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals strewed along on the grass .
where the golden rays of the midmorning sun hit the flowers , the petals sparkled as though coated in millions of tiny , dazzling crystals .
the moment we were out of the building , we were welcomed by a warm , perfumed shower and a small whirlwind of petals dancing nearby .
the air was warm and dry , and i was bathing in rose petals .
hundreds of silky pastel petals were dancing around my body , swirling this way or that , softly touching my skin and falling to rest on my lap .
i wanted the music in the room and the petals dancing around my body again .
rose petals were lying on the floor , on the couch , and i was sure even on my hair .
you call that , she waved toward the general direction of the main room , where i was sure there still were petals on the floor , nothing ?
so , the music and the blanket of petals were all for nothing ?
please , have some fun ; do nt let the petals dry .
watching them grow is like watching flower buds unfurl their petals at the sun .
tam was standing over a cluster of rose petals reynold had laid out for him to practice on .
there were three lit candles in front of the vanity set , and pink rose petals littered the entrance to the bedroom .
a red flower petal drifted from its hair and landed on his nose like a fragrant snowflake .
several flower petals fell from her hair and onto the pillow and she warbled softly in her sleep .
sitting on the grass , i select the most beautiful jasmine flower the one with six perfect petals .
she sat on a step , twirling a plastic rose , really just a green stick with some faded purple petals .
the flowers faded and the petals fell , carpeting the bottom .
the leaves turned golden and mixed with the fallen petals .
setting a small copper cauldron on the heating stone he added lilac oil and magnolia petals as a base .
smiling to himself , he threw in a couple extra petals for good measure and let the mixture simmer .
moonlight bloomed from my clutched left hand like the first tentative petals of a night flower , and my stomach jumped in shock and disbelief .
i broke the flower from the stem and put it in my hairi wanted to savor it until the last of its petals shriveled and even then i d probably stuff it in one of my books .
she took in the crowds of smiling faces , the bouquets of fragrant flowers , the scattering of rose petals that molly was releasing along the central path .
trees seemed to sway to a soundless rhythm as one , and flowers danced and curled in the waving grass , seeming to turn toward them as they passed , lifting their petals and twirling in a hypnotic waltz .
real blooming petals decorated her upswept hair and she carried the same entrancing glow as when selena had met her earlier .
the tiny lights were coming from inside the petals of hundreds of tulips , which dotted the ground around them in shades of pink , purple , and white .
it was tiny and delicate , with yellow petals and a brown center .
the soft purple and yellow petals reminded me of a womans mouth parted and ready to speak .
sunlight glinted off the steel petals , flashes of copper and aluminum , everything now trapped under a small film of dust .
so am i. i pressed a finger to one of the sharp petals .
i took a few steps between the stalks , hesitant , petals brushing and bouncing off the top of my head .
but they just kept going , rows growing dense , petals curling in a thick canopy over my head that cast red shadows along my skin .
green necks snapped under my feet , petals spilling onto the ground behind me .
i pushed through a wall of dark petals , dizzy , and then i slammed to a stop .
i watched the wind tear a few petals free and then i was walking towards the door , one hand reaching for the bolt , the other clutching a blanket .
chapter 7 i woke with the blanket tucked under my chin and pink rose petals caught in the collar of my shirt .
then i held the flame under each strip until they drooped like the petals on a lily .
i looked down and i was still holding the flower , the tip of one of the petals biting into my index finger .
she ripped a rose bulb from the stem , petals crumbling in her hand .
the sharp scent of spring filled my lungs and i sneezed , my mom picking petals out of my hair as we followed the guide down winding sidewalks and between spanish style buildings .
dark trunks splaying into these pale blossoms , the petals swirling and spilling to the ground like snow .
really i just wanted to see her face when she found felix strewn across her mattress with accompanying candlelight , rose petals scattered across her bedroom floor .
simyans arrow had shredded hers , now splayed and curled like petals around a pistil .
the night breeze picked up some petals off the nearby blossom trees and blew them in a dancing swirl around the pair , playing with their hair and adding to the soft beauty of the scene .
joyah looked away as the wind died down , dropping the petals to be swept away by the river .
she asks her small delicate voice a petal of softness on my fast beating pulse .
i was staring at a red rose , some of the petals were already opened , but mostly the flower was still a bud .
mesmerised by the beauty she could nt resist stepping onto the path which ran like a walkway through the patch of flora that towered high over her head ; slowly running her hands through the silky softness of the leaves , when she realised that they were nt individual large flowers but were made up of hundreds of tiny petals all grouped together .
as if in a dream lizzie was drawn further towards the tiny gate slowly tracing her fingers through the petals .
the effect was dazzling as the stairs never quite touching reached the pinnacle and fanned out like the petals of a flower , capturing the sunlight at its centre like an old fashioned torch , in a hero story .
the metals shredding like the flower petals in the wintertime .
lots of fairy battles start this way and then end up sometimes covered in a fresh pile of thick rose petals , giggles .
after the dead were buried throughout fairyland in the traditional fresh lei of rose petals both the surviving humans and fairies built this plantation house honoring their pact of friendship from centuries , ago .
one pink rose bud appears then starts blooming into full petals .
a yellow rose bud appears then starts blooming into full petals .
i see the fairy mounds covered in fresh rose petals evidence of a recent fairy funeral .
the rose petals celebrate their passing life from the dirt into the dirt , giggles .
i see mounds covered in rose petals evidence of a recent fairy funeral .
the rose petals celebrate their passing life from dirt to dirt , giggling and hunting for the item .
the sheilas plantus can tell you if you are in love with a person by flapping its petals when said person is near .
she lifted her eyes to the vanity mirror , tracing the squatters petals with her finger .
nikolas sped to the kitchen and sat at the end of the table while he called out : the twelve oclock petal of a squatter .
there were luscious - looking scones that she must in all probability have baked last night and cupcakes and buns stationed in bowls of chilied and scented - like - smelling soup with petals of flowers dipped and drenched in it .
some of its petals reached around her back .
i swear he would have lined lazarus xcavares path with rose petals if he d had them .
the flower petals felt soothing as i twirled its stem , allowing them to caress my skin .
i do nt think you could claim a speckle of dirt , a grain of sand or a petal of vegetation on tech world .
i shake my curls brushing off the grass , dirt and flower petals then climb into the saddle .
leena 's eyes shifted to the queen , who was adorned in a dress made of metal petals that seemed alive , seemed to move like fire in the candlelight .
i crouch down next to a patch of roses , and gingerly brush my finger against the smooth and delicate petals , their fragrance sharp and sweet .
i frown as i crouch down and examine the frail and rotten petals , crisp and brown in texture , decayed with insects crawling across them .
i try to gather my scattered thoughts , which are blowing around in my mind like gust blown flower petals .
the sunflower spirit beamed , shaking petals off from its head .
cherry blossom petals loomed across us , dancing and swaying in the wind .
cherry blossom trees stood on my right , branches buried by beautiful pink petals .
to my right , she was staring at the cherry blossom flowers , showering us with petals .
her green emerald eyes sparked when she smiled , appreciating the flowers and opened her palm , where a single cherry blossom petal dropped .
a pink petal caught my attention on the ground .
several petals were spread around the floor ; some broken and had been stepped on .
vases had fallen on the ground , with broken flower petals spreading across the floor .
the flowers disintegrated into millions of petals , and fluttered in the middle field .
lightning crackled the sky , followed by the harsh wind blowing the trees roots and petals upward .
a light blue petal dropped on the water , sending chimes tickling the wind .
three tea light candles float in a bath of yellow and white rose petals in the middle of the table .
the flower bushes are smeared petals of blue , red , and orange .
they eat everything plant stems , flower petals , animal tails , mammal bones , humanoid feet , and disgusting other non - digestible things that i will not mention in mixed company .
feeling light - headed and wonderful , i let carley pull me along while my free hand trailed against the petals .
he plucked out a gorgeous blue flower and gently stroked the petals before he handed it to me .
i recognized the small bunch as forget - me - nots , very tiny with light blue petals and yellow centers .
its this riot of midnight colors dancing over the petals and stem .
i said hysterically while scattering rose petals on the stairs .
up there , we used rose petals to make a large heart and a text inside of it , saying will you be my girl ?
or the petals of the sunflowers at the other end of the room woooow !
all around the bathtub were lit candles and faux rose petals .
there were many beautifully crafted petals that encompassed the entire bowl .
i touched the tips of the petals , and felt around the bowl .
once the roof was open echo pressed a petal with his foot to lift the telescope up higher .
the floor was lined with flower petals , and on each of the night stands were bowls filled with water and floating lotus flowers .
the king sized bed was lavished in cream - colored petals .
i dip my brush into pink and add petals to a rose while reizo works on the stem in pencil .
he had held back his power , what he felt he needed to do and for that , his budding family had lost one of its petals .
dandelions with diamond petals covered the valley and an ambiance of hope permeated the air .
she remained sitting on the floor for a long time , picking petals off of flowers , until she felt it safe to leave her hideout .
* chapter 20 olwen of the six hands a long , long , long time ago , not long after the white goddess had walked across the empty universe her every footprint leaving behind a glowing hawthorn petal , creating the great milky band of stars we now see every night a master builder and his wife were lamenting their lack of children .
i closed my eyes and in my mind rose petals began to descend from the ceiling .
terry was beginning to laugh and said , wow , i ' ve heard many first time stories , but they usually involve rose petals on the bed or champaign and strawberries .
he who sent me back gave me this message for you , if i should happen upon you : the way of true love , the way of the fifth element , is for the most part blissful and easy , blessed by the goddess , strewn with rose petals .
they stood together , and petals were thrown all about them , and joyful singing rose from the canyon as the man departed with the woman in the barge .
and about its banks all the padmasta flowers opened and turned to adore her , their pearly white petals tinged blue in the moonlight .
it had five waxy petals , white as snow .
and chiseller sat and guarded their clothes , and bit the falling petals when the breeze swayed the tree .
his eyes followed the petals .
the golden , full moon rose in the distance , and the wind had picked up flower petals that floated scenically in the sky .
it was dark and ominous and then all at once the light opened like a flowers petals .
she took an orchid from a clay bowl of water and touched her fingers to the petals .
i try to recall the days when it may have evoked a comfortable feeling of predictability ; but now i find it too obscure a memory , too distant and tainted ; i stare at it in an attempt to make it real -- the sharp green hedges and sleek white fences marking boundaries , lush and blossoming fruit trees dropping petals and spotting well - manicured lawns , tall stemmed dahlias top heavy and leaning against sides of chimneys like frail birds , miniature roses thorny and blood - red languishing on trellises , sharp gleaming metal of bikes and scooters and pogo sticks tipped onto their sides , stray balls adrift , rolling along like tumbleweeds in some phantom breeze .
her tongue , like an hibiscus petal , caressed the sounds which echoed in the air from each of her consonants and vowels and then echoed again inside him as he felt and observed his own mind sorting her richer meanings and contexts .
our petals do not become soaked .
a few mouthfuls in , and poncey realized he was eating mostly flower petals , gathered from the garden path .
mavis had set each table with red roses from the garden out back , standing in water glasses , and jazzy tickled the fleshy petals with her fingertips .
houses were cleaned and decorated in anticipation and even the school had gone to extra efforts by creating rangoli , the beautiful traditional designs made out of colored sand and flower petals , in their main hallway .
she passed her hand , which must have had some type of electronic device in one of the rings , over the center of an oak door with carvings of triangles , stars , snakes , and lotus petals .
i smelled her hair so sweet and her skin like flower petals .
an image formed in the swirling colors of a lotus blossom with an uncountable number of petals .
two of the pall - bearers went amongst the mourners offering woven baskets containing rose petals .
she was plucking flower petals from a pastry pink tulip , letting them fall to the ground .
it was her favorite , pale yellow petals with pink edges .
the pine cones mature they fall from the tree and open like petals of a blooming flower .
it had the most beautiful pale yellow blooms with a touch of pink on the petals .
they do nt last long in a vase but even when the petals fall they still have their own beauty .
i lifted the bloom to my nose and let the soft petals brush against my skin , the sweet smell giving me a false sense of security .
the room was dimly lit but she could see rose petals scattered on a pathway leading to the bed as well as on the bed .
pink orchids poked their heads through petals of oleander , bougainvillea and plumeria the whole beach was covered in different shades of pink .
she plucked the petals from her flowers one by one .
like playful zephyrs , those invisible currents had reached up through the branches , and plucked hundreds of pink petals .
her lips made him think of the petals of the cherry tree , and a chill passed through him .
their perfumes of aniseed and ambergris , rose petals and saffron failed to excite his olfactory nerves .
when i shoot a flower or a face , i do n't see pretty yellow petals , or long dark eyelashes .
the flower was yellow in color , its petals delicate and translucent .
then plucking a petal from the bud , he reverently brushed one nipple , then the other .
as the last shadows played against his face , she laid the petal on the tatami and moved across him .
then she remembered the tokonoma alcove in the teahouse where a rugged vase had held the single white bud , its few petals moist as though from dew .
he smiled , remembering the luxurious accommodations awaiting them the moorish architecture , the antique furnishings , the marble bathrooms , and on the bed rose petals and thick towels twisted in the shape of a swan jane and john exchanged a glance .
landing with his feet facing upwards and his face near the gas petal .
without realizing in a panic he stepped on the gas petal .
timmy held onto the steering wheel with both hands and was freaking out , unaware his foot was on the gas petal as the car continued to shoot backwards over the dirt and onto the highway .
his foot pushing the gas petal down all the way .
he looked over his shoulder out the back window and without realizing it straighten his left leg out and pushed the gas petal down .
timmy could see the soldiers eyes and screamed out as he stepped on the gas petal .
he pushed the gas petal down and the car sped up .
paige looked at the wall , fought to bring back the image of the indian blanket wildflowers with their yellow tipped petals .
she tried to calm herself down , to bring back the image of the red indian blanket wildflowers with their yellow tipped petals , but with the blood hammering through her head she could nt concentrate enough to bring them into focus .
he ran his fingers over the pure white petals of the trillium flower in the beautifully framed image .
the dewdrops on the petals reminded him of the teardrops on his own cheeks .
clendon scattered the petals from the peace rose on louis 's grave .
by the time he d returned the prayer stick to its container at his side the rose petals and other items started a small flame and he knew it would nt last long .
a few loose petals spiralled to the ground .
if you exposed them to sunlight and prodded them about , you were left with a handful of dead petals .
each card was marked with an exquisitely drawn rose , with thin black lines coloring the edges of the red petals ; it was the same shade of red as ryus headband .
delicately , i pulled the four leaf clover apart , placing the petals into the palm of sallys hand .
she opened her hand with the clover petals , and in a deep breath , she blew the clovers away into the stream .
one of the soldiers reached down to pick up a crayon drawing of a truck in a tunnel under a mountain , a yellow sun shining incongruously above , its rays like petals of a flower .
the main bedroom had the bed fitted with a reclining mattress that was completely covered with rose petals .
he turned his head and looked at the strung white petals that decorated the ceiling and the glistening crystal lights twinkling down on him .
stelane stelanes heart fluttered loudly in her chest as icers began to flood the ballroom full of white petals .
she buried her face in the fragrance and felt the soft petals caress her cheeks .
she took the bowl from one side and sprinkled the red petals on top of the water .
andr got some champagne to celebrate , and shed surrounded the bath with night - lights and sprinkled petals on the water and they d both sat in the bath and drunk the champagne and then made love half the night .
a lazy stream of crimson swirled into the water , almost matching the colour of the petals .
eleven night lights spread around andr forgot the symbolism of the number and a mass of petals on the water .
suddenly , startlingly clear the glare from the night lights around the bath , the blood red of the water , the few petals that remained on top and had nt spilled onto the bathroom floor almost matching its colour , the pale outline of charlottes body a few inches below the waters surface and as the full horror of the scene gripped andr , he wished that it had stayed mercilessly blurred .
he looked at me with a look that i had never seen , brushing the petals of the rose softly across my cheek .
scattering rose petals as they journeyed past countless generations , the end of all things .
the imperial gardens could easily be a several day tour if you wanted to see everything it had to offer , and they spent hours walking and taking in the cherry blossoms whose already dropped petals carpeted areas of the park .
quite suddenly there was a stiff gust of wind and before bob knew it they were lost in a blizzard of purplish blossom petals being blown off the trees around them .
the wind died down and they resumed their casual walk , through petals that now completely covered the ground .
a few rose petals scattered about the kitchen leading up to the bedroom finished off his preparation .
several petals littered the hood , leaving the flower nearly denuded , canting listlessly to the side .
however , ten stories of the weaker outer columns stood bent like petals of a flower at the location soon to be known as ground zero ; a term previously only used for the epicenter of a nuclear blast .
just when he could stand no more , the banks lowered into dry stone walls ; and delicate wild flowers sprouted from the many crevices , with tiny petals of blues , white and pink .
his therapy session began as he became mesmerized by a tank of translucent moon jellies , their glowing patterns resembling flower petals .
it will be tossed in front of your macys balloons like rose petals before an idiot bride .
twelve petals , a stem , two leaves ...
camille carried a white basket full of pink rose petals .
she threw a handful of petals on one side then weaved forward to throw a handful of petals on the other side .
she threw a handful of petals on one side then weaved forward to throw a handful of petals on the other side .
she threw another handful of petals and picked up some petals in her hand .
she threw another handful of petals and picked up some petals in her hand .
noticing helene at the front of the church , camille ran forward , the petals falling unnoticed from her basket and her hand .
looking down on the petals , he focused on the bronze and yellow shades of marigolds .
rose petals and vanilla with a hint of jasmine .
dark red petals .
i kept that rose on my pillow every night even after the petals had faded and dried .
clusters were sprouting like the petals of a morning glory .
oak wings each side of the padded leather petal made it look like some scary insect ; had made tommy when she sat in it look ready for flight .
sink tom simpson copyright 1997 by simpson enterprises published by tom simpson at smashwords this book is dedicated to loretta simpson for whose unselfish devotion made it all very possible other books by tom simpson tomstinyterrortales http : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/394565 brain squeeze https : //www.smashwords.com / books / view/396869 the flower , bright colored petals glistening with early morning dew , was awakening with anticipation of a bright sun filled day .
it was a gigantic blue rose with yellow lining the tips of the petals .
though the sun shone overhead , casting long shadows across the grass and bouncing from the vibrant flower petals , she noticed a dull haze hanging in the air that she had nt noticed on the drive .
there s this glorious feeling of release when the cold steel twists in your skin , when the sun shafts through the trees , opening up the petals of your flesh .
` ` definitely needs a flower , behind its back ... .. yellow anthers , white petals , like a daisy ... ... .perhaps two flowers ... .. one in full bloom , the other just opening ... ... .. need to finish it today ... ... .then tomorrow ? ... ... .start another ... ... .i ' ve not finished yet .
the octagon space has been viciously ripped of pretty wedding decorations showing torn remnants of struggled and stranded flower petals and stems drifting under the pews from the foot and body wind .
there was a magnificent rose bush , an absolute riot of pink and white petals growing against the wall .
i explained all this to estrade and bibi as we picked peach blossom petals out of our coffee in the courtyard the following morning .
it occurs to me that he is determined for us to have a romantic weekend in denmark : rose petals on the bed sheets , satin bed covers , complimentary belgian chocolates , jacuzzi , gold - plated taps , and a roomy chaise longue for cuddling up to each other on during smoochy moments .
she forced a smile , touched the sodden wilting petals .
kanani had another flower in her hair , this one red with long petals .
her hair always smells like rose petals .
the chequerboard tile - work path is cracked and overgrown with tufts of new grass , the pale , washed - out petals of long dead hydrangea flowers and the straggling , early season buds of pink campion .
air , gravity , flower petals , wind , snow , radiation , the moon .
langdon began racing through slides now - spiraled pinecone petals , leaf arrangement on plant stalks , insect segmentation - all displaying astonishing obedience to the divine proportion .
rosa rugosa , one of the oldest species of rose , had five petals and pentagonal symmetry , just like the guiding star of venus , giving the rose strong iconographic ties to womanhood.in addition , the rose had close ties to the concept of '' true direction '' and navigating one 's way .
in primitive goddess cults , the five petals represented the five stations of female life - birth , menstruation , motherhood , menopause , and death .
he dropped it on the floor and it resumed its former flat shape like a flower opening its petals .
now , silently , the petals of the rose seemed to swivel and expand , the yellow pistils drew aside and sun glinted on a glass lens the size of a shilling .
as if satisfied , the petals softly swivelled to cover the eye and very slowly the single rose descended to join the others .
the steel behind the face had caught the slug , had turned it into a deadly lead blossom with three bright petals .
the atmosphere was dense , almost suffocatingly so , with the sharp , unfamiliar odors of dried herbs , grasses , stalks , mushrooms , leaves , spoors , flower petals , and more .
every summer the cream - colored petals with the rich dark centers had erupted in fragrant color .
the flower 's soft white petals were arranged in a whorl and emitted no fragrance .
rosettes with petals of blue glass dotted its center .
dry sticks in the winter , possibly a riot of colour and petals in the summer .
they slipped away from the group standing around the fake grass , the flowers already drooping and spilling petals in this hard rain , the coffin on its runners over the hole in the ground .
in the hallway , i found another trail of candles and a scattering of rose petals on the floor , leading to the master suite .
the candles and the rose petals were all props in his final game : to make it look worse , when ethan walked in .
kane stood before the wall of blooms , watching petals and leaves vibrate , his head cocked with curiosity .
i could n't quite put my finger on what exactly it was that made me want to smell them then shred the petals and make them go away like they reminded of something beautifully painful .
left alone , lucrezia picked a marguerite from a clump of the flowers that were growing nearby and started to pluck its petals off , one by one .
a hippie - looking guy pulled up in a hippie - looking yellow convertible with faded purple flower petals painted on the sunbaked doors , and miss powell climbed in the car and they drove off , jimmy thinking , no .
angie turned from the open window , and the cool summer breeze creased the room with the smell of exhaust fumes and freedom and the lilac petals which littered the schoolyard .
angie looked out at the tiny yard , the dying violet petals growing through the chain - link fence from the other side .
i could n't picture it - the same lumbering woman who 'd held the gun to bubba 's head last night , thumbed back the hammer on her .38 , had a gift for delicacy , for softness , for drawing growth from dirt and producing soft petals and fragile beauty .
broussard blinked several times , sucked at the pain , as what looked like the oversized bulb of a bright red rose gradually spread on his shirt , blooming , it seemed , opening its petals with steady , irrevocable grace .
from there i could see the dark circle in his upper chest , the place where the rose petals grew .
when he painstakingly peeled away her slacks and panties , he dipped his head into the juncture of her thighs and nipped maddeningly at the tender skin , his tongue cleaving the wet petals of her core .
she knelt daintily , delicately , her skirts billowing around her like the petals of a flower .
she demanded , changing tactics and pressing one of the lotus petals on the shaft of her parasol , arming the tip with a numbing dart .
crumbled violet petals spoke for the earth , and a wreath of incense smoke summoned the air .
i ran my fingers over the soft petals of the blue hydrangeas , amazed that the innkeeper had gone that extra mile when she had n't even expected guests .
` ` when you press here '' -madame lefoux indicated one of the lotus petals on the shaft just below the large handle- '' that tip opens and emits a poisoned dart equipped with a numbing agent .
i inhaled the red petals and smiled - it worked , he had me .
her face was all romantic bliss , like she 'd gone to sleep being lullabyed by the london philharmonic orchestra , and awoken in a sea of rose petals .
even more candles and roses were spaced throughout the room , a few petals floating in the fountain , and i shook my head as we left it .
julian held a basket of flower petals and nika was reaching in and scattering some along the ground as they walked along .
round steps collapsed out like flower petals as the pipe telescoped down .
below her , at the edge , she could see fragile ice ledges reaching out like petals over the rushing water .
there were flowers of all colors carpeting the meadow , lifting their petals to the sky .
the drug he has given you is an ancient one , gregori explained , the words brushing softly in her mind , made from the pressed petals of a flower found only in the northern regions of our lands .
he waved his hand and the sky rained rose petals alongside the drifting snow .
her skin was softer than rose petals .
he sent his command ahead , preparing the chamber for their arrival , lit candles throwing dancing shadows on the shimmering walls , rose petals on the ground leading to the large bed in the center of the room .
he waved his hand toward the earth and flowers sprang up , thousands of soft petals to cushion her body as he floated them easily to the waiting bed .
she could feel the petals on her skin , velvet soft , rubbing against her body .
roses of all colors with soft , inviting petals and beautiful fragrance to please her .
she noticed the thin veins in the leaves of the daisy in the glass vase on the table , the extraordinary petals and each round pollen center .
he had the urge to rip those petals off one by one .
he detested the way alexandria kept caressing the petals of one of the white roses .
she touched the petals of the nearest rose and bent once more to inhale their fragrance .
the wind rose in a sudden rush off the forest floor , carrying a swirling eddy of vegetation , leaves and twigs and petals of flowers in a dark funnel straight toward the sky .
flowers burst into bright color , winding up the great trunks , curling around limbs , petals drenched and dripping , alive with vivid beauty through the various shades of green that made up the rain forest .
flowers closed petals and shrank away from the abomination .
flowers winding up tree trunks lost petals .
she had such a sweet , grave face- , and skin that looked like white orchid petals , mary - lynnette thought abstractedly .
he played with her , teasing her clit , tonguing her , making the petals of her body weep for him .
he smiled against her stomach at her eager response , then delved the tip of his tongue into her navel while he trailed his knuckles over the silky petals at her core .
his lips and fangs teasing the juicy petals made her suck in a sharp breath , sent her hands into his hair , holding him steady as he cleaved her flesh with his tongue and brought the intoxicating taste of her into his mouth .
the deck extended around the dirigible 's side and then in , before another deck rounded back out again , like flower petals .
white and red rose petals , like blood and snow , funnel toward the car .
white and red rose petals flow from the garden , winding and curving freely in the air .
cotton and petals sail through the air .
` ` i ... '' with wide eyes , i observe the petals haunting the air .
red and white rose petals funnel around us .
i snatch a petal between my fingers .
she inches her face closer to mine , petals encrusting her hair .
the lid to the coffin is shut and red rose petals speckle the top of it like raindrops of blood .
petals start to rain down from the church ceiling as i raise the lid up , but when the petals hit the floor , the lid , my skin , they splatter like drops of blood .
petals start to rain down from the church ceiling as i raise the lid up , but when the petals hit the floor , the lid , my skin , they splatter like drops of blood .
they step to the lines of the aisle , a sheet of red carpet , dusted with white rose petals .
she hikes down a path dotted with petals , heading towards a podium holding a throne .
the eyes of cincy 's finest were on me , and as my boots smeared the flower petals , i prayed that i would n't slip on them and fall on my ass .
a three - tiered serving dish of silver held a tempting display of finger sandwiches and sugared rose petals , and there was even a small platter of ? . ? . ? .
not that the evening 's events prior to that moment had been all sugared violet petals .
i felt like there should have been rainbows and rose petals in their wake or something .
jenna deserved rainbows and rose petals , i reminded myself as i flopped back on my bed , dad 's book bumping painful y against my sternum .
` ` he pushed the plant toward me , and i noticed a few brown spots on its velvety petals .
i thought about those brown spots on the petals , al the while keeping mom 's face firmly lodged in my brain .
the wind began to comb the tree , loosing petals like snowfall .
he watched in awe as slick , white petals slipped down her body .
he turned to the silken petals between her thighs , jaw slackening at the sight of her glistening flesh .
they fell silent , watching the breeze flutter petals .
flowers opened their petals , carpeting the ground with all shades of pastels , from the barest lavender , to the daintiest yellow .
the ancient castle walls would be lined with black lace and the rustic wooden floors sprinkled with rose petals .
an exotic flower that opens its fragrant petals only under the coaxing of night .
just as the tulips stood in their beds with everlasting blooms upon their slender stalks and the crocuses were perpetually unfurling and the roses were always fat - headed with petals , so too were there no bugs or weeds or disease .
flossy curls were drenched and slick , the petals of her sex giving way easily as he glided his thumb along the delicate valley between them .
elise sucked in her breath as he stroked the dewy petals and the tight little nub nestled at the top of her sex .
there was a flower bed there , and he reached into it , feeling petals as soft as silk .
she plucked a daisy from the bunch , removing the petals one by one .
your petals are n't even bruised at the edges , look at you , and your boldness heats your beauty !
a shower of flower petals descended upon us as upon a bridal couple in rome , and marius held my arm as though we had just been we d , and all around us people sang .
once again the petals fell , petals of all colors , and peacock feathers waved about us , and branches of palm , and there was singing in great lusty bursts , and the sound of a riotous drum , and she smiled looking down from where she stood , her face remarkably flushed and mobile and human , her black - painted eyes sweeping over her worshipers .
once again the petals fell , petals of all colors , and peacock feathers waved about us , and branches of palm , and there was singing in great lusty bursts , and the sound of a riotous drum , and she smiled looking down from where she stood , her face remarkably flushed and mobile and human , her black - painted eyes sweeping over her worshipers .
a sudden sense of the shrine came back to me , of the queen 's nectar and the shower of flower petals .
i recounted then the marriage , the flood of rose petals , and then her strange egyptian temple full of frenzied worshipers .
i did , and inside i found a bed of crushed lilies and rose petals , of silken pillows , and bits of dried flower kept for scent .
one of his hands was clutched tightly around something - something fine and fibrous , like thin petals .
a sprinkle of black petals was scattered across his chest .
as elena stared at it , the glow deepened and the flower 's petals opened further , swel ing to ful bloom .
he took the rose from her hand and ripped at its petals , now fading to a lighter pink , and scattered the petals into the fire burning up the sides of the garage .
he took the rose from her hand and ripped at its petals , now fading to a lighter pink , and scattered the petals into the fire burning up the sides of the garage .
my fingers closed over the rose petals .
my fingers found softness , like petals of skin .
i drew the flowers to my face , lightly touching the petals with my lips .
the corsage curled , as if the petals were shrinking in on themselves .
` ` it 's a daisy , '' her mom muttered , squinting with concentration , ` ` with twenty petals . ''
` ` only three more petals , '' her mom said .
i placed black roses in pewter vases and lavender - scented votives androse petals on all the empty antique end tables .
as alexander closed the door behind us , i managed to catch a last glimpse of the black rose petals lying on the hallway table .
votives and candelabras lit the car.crystal vases bloomed lifeless roses , and petals covered the wooden floors .
his cock nestled into the wet cleft of her sex , rampant with the need to drive deep , but kade only played at entering her , sliding between the plush petals of her body as he teased his mouth along the flickering heartbeat at the side of her neck .
it 's so powerful , like he 's recently eaten rose petals .
he did so with infinite care , as a conscientious flower girl scatters petals before an advancing bride .
rose petals were a given .
claire blessingway as the navajo goddess changing woman , in a dress decorated with red flower petals and turquoise .
the smell of herbs , lavender mixed with rose petals .
` ` so soft , '' he murmured , teasing the petals of her body and reveling in the way she blossomed even fuller under his touch .
the teasing touch tore a cry from elvi 's lips and her h*ps lifted of their own accord , urging him on even as her thighs closed instinctively around his hand like a flower protectively closing it 's petals at nightfall .
poor little baby was going to have so many aunts he or she was n't going to walk on anything but rose petals .
he groaned as more of her juices made tiny tracks over the petals of flesh .
a memory rose in her mind , of rex sprinkling rose petals over her bare body .
she 'd wakened from a dream into a snowstorm of petals while he 'd stood over her , showering her in them .
it brought her the scent of lavender and rose petals , telling her he 'd sprinkled oils for both in the water .
he 'd also placed a vase of flowers on the foot of the tub , artfully strewing a handful of the mixed petals down along the damp side of the porcelain .
imagined it was her dark hair against his nose , his lips , her smooth petals growing wet against his fingertips .
he watched the rose petals flutter with the reaction she was masking so well from the others .
he spread kisses on her neck and shoulders like flower petals drifting over her skin .
it made her remember the days she was so weary from her battles with rex she could n't even raise her head to acknowledge the presence of the moon , greet the night , see the petals of her roses gleam .
gauzy skirts swished in time with the high - paced mazurka the orchestra played , netting , tulle , lace , and the finest silk petticoats floating like petals strewn across a lake .
a rich red carpet had been laid out , and it was scattered with so many rose petals you could scarcely see the fabric beneath .
overhead hung giant balls of flowers like fireworks in petals .
heavy moire silks for the older women , lighter for the young women , yards and yards of fabric swirled around their feet like more rose petals .
` ` you tore them apart like paper dolls , '' i said , even though i knew he could tear me apart , too , could scatter my limbs like the petals that had lined my wedding altar .
there were still rose petals on the floor , i noted , drying away into thin scraps of nothing .
fluorescent crimson petals spun in the gentle vortex , twinkling red lights .
with the rose and laven- der petals .
water ran over her small curves , then rejoined the swirls of soapy foam and flecks of lavender and rose petals floating in the tub and clinging to her .
real flower petals in different hues were scattered over their backs .
they had their heads bowed and arms around each other 's shoulders so the overall effect was of a white - petaled flower with a brown center , like a daisy scattered with color from those strewn petals .
` ` lady lyssa 's servant is commanded to choose any petal among this flower of slaves and bring her onto the dais to ser vice him to climax with her mouth . ` `
so now as he strolled with apparent casualness along the diame- ter of the circle , he let his fingertips graze the bare backs of his pet- als , his touch whispering along their napes , catching the actual petals scattered there .
by the time they 'd done that , another woman took her place as a petal to close the circle again .
as if this was n't enough to make him spurt , the black men , their oiled bodies gleaming , had taken hold of the ` ` petals '' and lifted their hips so they were straight legged .
he was studying the aftermath of the ` ` petals '' and black men below them .
the petals land- ing on her eyelids , the tops of her breasts , his hair ...
every desire was his to tease and pluck , like the petals of a flower .
the petals were fresh , soft , wet with dew .
` ` oh , jacob ... ` ` she touched the petals with one finger .
she looked up in time to be baptized by a shower of them , floating down on her with the fra- grant smell of cherry blossom petals .
she closed her eyes , leaning into the circle of his arms , feeling his palm over her stomach as he brought his lips to her throat , scraped her neck with his fangs , giving her a shiver of desire as the petals flowed down on her .
he drew her chin up so he could meet her gaze with an intent one of his own , a look that pulled her in and was like that swirling cloud of petals ... a handsome man dancing with her ...
white rose petals were scattered along the fine - grained sand , dancing and twirling with every gentle wind .
to the side , steam curled from a bathing pool , twining around the flower petals that floated on the surface .
colorful petals floated from flowers .
the roses were tattered , their petals torn off by the wind .
a few petals still whirled in the air .
and the blossoms stroked his face , the clusters of waxy petals .
jesse reached out , took one of the blossoms in both hands , and the petals came loose instantly .
she pressed them to her lips , and a faint yet shining image came back to her from that long ago summer of maharet in this house in a candle - lighted room , lying on a bed of rose petals , so many white and yellow and pink rose petals , which she had gathered up and pressed to her face and her throat .
she pressed them to her lips , and a faint yet shining image came back to her from that long ago summer of maharet in this house in a candle - lighted room , lying on a bed of rose petals , so many white and yellow and pink rose petals , which she had gathered up and pressed to her face and her throat .
i got up and walked around for a few minutes , merely looking at the flowers , and the odd way the white petals caught the lamplight and how dark the reds looked ; and how the golden light was caught on the surfaces of the mirrors , all the other lovely things .
` ` but now that i look at you ... '' a rose petal of a pink tongue came out and licked her lips .
and there are supposed to be scattered flower petals on the bed and roses in little round bubble bowls and white vanil a candles . ''
blossoms were flying in a breeze that rustled other cherry and peach trees nearby - causing a rain of dawn - colored petals .
the three golden fountains in the middle of the room ( the central one was the largest and most elaborate ) threw into the air not water , but delicately perfumed flower petals that sparkled like diamonds in turning at their apex and then floated down again .
even in sleep they were the color of rose petals , slightly moist , and parted that way ... .
he lightly touched an open rose , its petals moonlight - colored but shading to palest pink at the edges .
elena knew exactly how he would have gotten the rose ... but it was so pretty ... . as she still made no move to take the rose , damon lifted it and allowed the cool , silky - feeling petals to caress her cheek .
he used the cool , softly rustling petals to outline the other side of her face .
the firmer petals in the middle pressed into her skin , while the outer petals just brushed it .
the firmer petals in the middle pressed into her skin , while the outer petals just brushed it .
now the outermost petals had moved to trace her lips , and she wanted to say no , but somehow the word would n't come .
elena thought it was like being stroked with the petals of that black magic rose , its cool smooth petals gently sweeping away the pain , until she shivered in delight .
elena thought it was like being stroked with the petals of that black magic rose , its cool smooth petals gently sweeping away the pain , until she shivered in delight .
the air had been full of metallic confetti , rose petals , music , and cries of farewell as damon , elena , bonnie , and meredith had been carried to bloddeuwedd 's party - and away forever .
was n't her face actually the shape of an apple - blossom petal as well as having the petal 's faint bloom ?
black magic rose petals were scattering around her body .
i took a bloom and snapped it from its stem , feeling the velvety softness of the rose 's pink petals .
fallen rose petals dotted the bench , and she flicked some of them off .
wind blew through the rose arch and showered damp white petals down over bonnie .
the bush had long green leaves and cascading purple flowers , each made of a round spray of thin petals .
had he told me about the mountains that you could look immediately down into the deep soft valleys and that the neighboring slopes seemed so close you thought you could touch them , though they were far , far away i do n't think so , but he had described well the flowers - the shrimp plant with its tiny blossoms , and the orchid tree and the ginger lilies , yes , those fierce red lilies with their delicate shivering petals , and the ferns nestled in the deep glades , and the waxen bird - of - paradise and the tall stiff pussy willows , and the tiny yellow - throated blossoms of the trumpet vine .
olivia and ivy pulled out the two chairs opposite each other at the oak dining room table , which was strewn with dead rose petals atop the black silk tablecloth .
mira 's flower was wilted now , the fragile white petals drooping and lifeless , green stem as limp as a piece of string .
renata ran her hand over the cool leaves and delicate petals .
as for bartola , she was far too wild for my mother , who was in an eternal state of shock over the state of bartola 's long hair , the hair being all full of twigs and petals and leaves and dirt from the woods where we 'd been running .
` ` it 's nice in here , '' he said , and i smiled as he ruined his tough - guy image by standing on top of dried rose petals and using the word ` ` nice . ''
their scarlet and yellow petals were so bright and flawless , they looked fake .
her hands were small and graceful , fingers half curled like flower petals .
they were the center of attention , something like the heart of a rose , with other people surrounding them like petals .
she gazes down at the tulips , fingering one of the delicate petals .
' you will be surrounded by those who worship you ; as your vision dims you will see rose petals fall before you , you will see a king kneel at your feet . '
i saw the petals flying through the air , pink and red and white , and i smelled the incense rising .
' give them to him , ' said cyrus , pointing to the petals as he spoke to the harlot .
` ` and the sweet gentle harlot gathered up the petals in handfuls . ` `
` ` without raising my voice , i dissolved my form once more , raging at the souls as they surrounded me and plunged again into the velvet blackness , only this time i could smell the roses , and with the roses there came a memory , a memory of a procession , and people cheering and crying , and waving , and a handsome man singing with a beautiful voice , and petals tossed so high they showered down on us , on our shoulders ... but the memory faded .
i could see rose petals in the air .
tell it so that its petals unchocolate like a brain in a jar .
i can remember rose petals and a sleepy slow death whose worst pain was knowledge that it was irreversible and would take its time , but not be changed .
i felt the dimness come again , because this crowd reminded me of that old crowd , the crowd attending the procession , and the petals falling in the light , the incense rising , and people on the flat rooftops , standing at the very edge , with their arms outstretched .
uncle lestan 's left fingers touched the flowering vines that covered the railing , and he tore off a small handful of petals for rose , and said that she was as soft and precious as these petals , a ` ` precious living thing . ''
uncle lestan 's left fingers touched the flowering vines that covered the railing , and he tore off a small handful of petals for rose , and said that she was as soft and precious as these petals , a ` ` precious living thing . ''
his skin did look like the petal of a gardenia in the moonlight , yes , and his white hair had a subtle silvery sheen .
flower petals were gathered by some of us from throughout the garden and these were sprinkled over the bier .
leanan - sidhe reclined at her ease on the huge pulpy petals of a crimson rose , floating in a sea of tears .
in fact , when she closed her eyes , she could imagine herself twirling in a meadow , thickets of roses stretching toward her , a rainbow of soft , fragrant petals .
younger , blonder , prettier , sitting under a shade tree , staring off into the distance as little pink flower petals floated around her .
each rain - beaded petal was vividly red , slender , and blade - like , the way some tropical orchids are .
a single petal was torn away by the wind .
each black petal was more beautiful than the last .
i kept tracing the sharp - carved petals with one finger as we walked out into the town square , hand in hand .
even the dark stone floors were scattered with petals , so that the entire room was soft and bright .
tenderly i touched the carved petals of the flowers there .
the sharp edges of the flower 's carved petals cut into my palm .
skye wore a more elegant dress than the showy stuff most of the girls favored ; in this light , her dress appeared to be some delicate shade between champagne and rose , made out of filmy stuff that left her shoulders and most of her legs bare while wrapping her body in soft petals .
delicate frilled petals brushed the top of his pillowcase , and a faded purple line ran up the orchid 's lip .
arthur zoomed in and tried to identify it , finally discerning the details of its frilled petals and subtle hues .
the petals tickled his cheeks .
arthur picked at one of the soft petals of the orchid .
instead of flower petals and roots , she found herself staring at a detailed rendition of a human heart .
a flower petal drifted to his cheek - and stung him , piercing the corner of his lip .
i knew how this must have looked , how i must have looked , drenched in blood with bodies spread like petals at my feet .
our boots kicked up dirt and grass , and we knocked over the flower arrangements and waded right through them , grinding the delicate petals into the ground .
i just could n't seem to get enough air into my lungs , and the cloying scent of the flowers only made it worse , like i was breathing in petals instead of air .
the petals spread out when they hit the surface of the casket , kissing it like i had the old man 's face just before they 'd shut the lid on him .
the steady thump of her pulse in her throat made the orchid 's leaves and petals twitch ever so slightly , like it was constantly blossoming .
maybe she used her electrical magic to make the petals perk up just the way she wanted them to .
a breeze whistled through the train yard , ruffling the delicate white petals .
she fussed with the stems and petals for several minutes , until they were arranged just so , while i stood still and silent behind her .
whitewashed benches and gazebos stood here and there among the manicured beds of roses and pansies , while weeping willows towered over them all , their tendrils kissing the soft petals below .
a variety of pink , red , and white roses twined through the fence slats , their delicate petals and thick green vines providing vivid splashes of summer color .
she slowly , carefully , quietly started pulling the petals off the flower , then the leaves , until she 'd stripped the whole thing bare .
instead , i stood there with her in the dark of the night as she picked flower after flower , as though she could strip away all her bad memories as easily as she could separate the delicate petals from the stems .
but really , it was the petals that caught my attention , because they were n't black so much as they were a deep , dark , vivid blue , a color that i 'd only seen one place before .
at first , i thought they were black , but then , as i held them up to the light , i realized that the petals actually had a rich blue sheen .
they smelled much sweeter than i 'd thought they would , given their dark blue color , as though someone had distilled the petals down to their purest , most intense essence .
the panes shimmered so brightly that it took me a moment to realize that they were arranged in specific patterns that looked like flowers , vines , and petals , like a garden made out of glass .
orchids , lilies , and other , more exotic tropical flowers that i did n't recognize bloomed from one side of the greenhouse to the other , their petals as bright and shiny as jewels .
the ones closest to the door were a pale , delicate sky blue with forest - green stems , but the farther down the rows you went , the darker the petals and the lighter the stems became .
` ` he wanted to see how dark and light he could get the petals and stems on the same plant .
` ` my father always seemed to be happiest here , '' sebastian said , walking over and fingering a petal on one of the sky - blue roses .
sebastian plucked one of the roses , then slowly twirled it around in his hand , studying the dark petals from all angles .
sebastian started tearing the petals off the rose , casually scattering them in his wake , as though he were a flower girl strolling down the aisle at a wedding .
i reached out and fingered the edge of one of the petals .
the buds split , opening into flowers , each with five intense blue petals .
at the very center , the petals suddenly turned bright purple , forming a thin round border around five stamens tipped with yellow .
` ` you and valva spread out and look for a flower with black leaves and purple petals . ''
` ` okay , just eat some of these petals . ''
the mischief demon shoved two more petals between my lips and held my nose closed until i swallowed them .
a cream - colored shimmering mist rose from their petals .
cream and ivory lotuses , the tips of their petals touched with pink , floated next to larger bright yellow lotus blossoms .
star - shaped lilies bloomed among wide leaves , some lavender , some scarlet , some with petals of light orange darkening to copper - red near the center .
green poppy heads , hops cones , silver stems of lavender with purple petals , catnip , valerian , and a thick pale root , curved almost like a man in a fetal position , his legs bent at the knees .
of course , it would n't be chernobog , god of morning dew on the rose petals , but a woman could always hope .
the whistle built on itself , slicing the petals off wildflowers to the left and right of the oak , stabbing through my hands into my brain .
i tore the petals off and put them on the carpet . ''
the vase held a dozen small flowers , their petals pristine white , like small stars solid black at the center .
five white petals streaked with thin green veins leading to a ring of fuzzy stalks , each tipped with a small yellow dot .
the petals remained snow - white .
the tech checked the color of the petals against a paper card and chanted low under his breath .
my body trembled as i pressed greedily against him , his fingers roaming like luxurious petals down my sides until he gripped my thighs , making me spread them .
` ` she sprinkles her bed with rose petals . ''
i 'd stuck my foot right into that one , but it did n't stop my anger from flaring that much higher , picturing this ' rose ' and ezra rolling around on a bed full of red rose petals .
` ` an experience ... and she sprinkles her bed with rose petals , '' i murmured , my power flaring at the dog , which finally glanced my way .
the air was fragrant with the scent of hundreds of flower petals that were spread on the bedspread and over the floor .
her lips were soft , like the petals of a blood rose .
kay crushed the petals of the dandelion , then tossed it away .
once again , rhys had left her after a night of lovemaking , but she could n't be angry this time , not when the blankets were covered with vibrant red rose petals .
she scooped up the loose petals and dropped them in a bowl before making the bed .
taking a rose from one of the vases on the dresser , she plucked the petals one by one .
red rose petals were scattered over the bed .
` ` roses , '' she repeated , running her fingers lightly over the petals .
victoria watched in amusement as the three ladies dug through prickly stems , fernlike leaves , and various colored petals to find each bouquet 's enclosed letter .
there was a drawing of an odd - looking plant - a flower , really - with a swath of petals that grew up and curled out like the inverted skirt of a woman , and a massive , upright stamen .
willow had the only magnolia tree inside the fae village and toff loved the velvety petals of the huge flowers when they bloomed .
only the flower itself , with its petals fully open with tips curling upward , was depicted .
the petals are as long as my fingers , curling at the ends , and their honey - like scent drifts lazily to my nose .
i remember touching the ivy around the door , tracing the delicate petals , and i can picture a younger harley painting them for a laughing kayleigh whose face i can not see , but who is wearing these clothes .
little blue petals went flying , whipping past my ankles before drifting to the ground .
the lotus flowers float limply as the water level sinks , their pale pink petals stained brown from mud .
i reach out to touch the petals , but then a screech cuts through the air - a high - pitched scream that fades to silence , then circles back around .
the sticky remains of the purple flower petals still cling to her palm .
as soon as water touches the delicate petals , the flowers unwind in an elegant twirl , blossoming into a beautiful , nearly transparent bloom .
i grab it and crush it in my hand , the purple petals sticking to my skin .
i pick the petals stuck to my hand off my skin , setting them in a little pile on my knee .
i brush the little pile of torn purple petals into the palm of my hand .
they are perfectly balanced , delicate and lovely , with a string of liquid gold inside that i know wo n't fade - it will make the flowers glow from within , lit petals that almost look alive .
the roses are all different colors and this one 's pretty amazing : cream and pink swirled petals , like it 's made out of some kind of ice cream .
i brush my finger over the rose petals - they 're as soft as anything , as air or a breath - and then instantly feel stupid .
the girl dressed like an angel is standing there , staring at the rose she 's just laid on my desk : pink and cream petals swirled together like ice cream .
there are roses everywhere - overflowing their trays , stashed in corners , a few of them even scattered across the ground , petals trampled - and if you did n't know that there was actually an organizing principle to all of it , and a purpose , you would just think that someone had set off some kind of a rose bomb .
all of its petals are closed .
as she weaves past our table , i see a folded note fluttering just under the petals of her rose , and even though i ' m too far away to read it , i can see what 's written there clearly , even when i close my eyes .
i left it there , sliding back and forth , its petals bruising with each curve of the road .
he drew the rose down the side of my face , the petals soft against my cheek , and i felt a stirring to my core .
eight petals .
they sheltered me , shedding their petals , blanketing my fevered body .
his hair was a fine gold , cut around his chiseled face , and his lips and cheeks were pink as petals .
beneath the glass was a wilted flower , the petals brown and shriveled , propped up by a delicate wire stand .
a flower in full bloom , strange and beautiful , its eight petals wet with nector .
inside it , the spirits tore a path through everything , scattering red petals .
inside each square was a gold rose , a circle with petals .
` ` your skin is so soft , like flower petals . ''
i watched as she adjusted some of the bent and broken flower petals , thinking those crushed flowers summed up our night pretty well .
where before , i 'd seen the broken petals as symbolic of our horrid night at the dance , now they seemed to mock my desperation .
the purple petals were beautiful , but the only scent came from the vanilla oil she loved to sprinkle over the petals .
the purple petals were beautiful , but the only scent came from the vanilla oil she loved to sprinkle over the petals .
purple petals and soil were strewn across the floor .
in her right hand , she 'd clenched a crushed petal .
i opened my eyes , but i still saw her , saw the blood that 'd run over the purple petals , saw the blood everywhere .
purple petals had spil ed across the floor , mixing with the blood .
quietly , he set about setting up the little boats , and i plucked off the soft petals and sprinkled them in the boats .
i do n't know why i noticed the purple hue of the petals first .
the stem felt warm to the touch and a faint trace of blue still clung to the blossom , turning the dewy petals violet .
blue flames licked over the stem , curling around the fragile petals , smoldering into thin wisps of azure .
then another and another , until ten or so petals formed a loose circle beside her .
she was watching us , eyes wide and hands stilled over the petals .
alex did n't move for a full minute , and then she gathered all her torn petals , tossing them one by one into the creek .
lowering her lashes , she opened her hand and the rest of the petals fell from her grasp , fluttering to the ground like thin , torn pieces of paper .
bright pink flowers were open , their teardrop - shaped petals moist with dew .
he picked a flower , one blooming with pretty , white and pink petals .
pink and white petals broke off , and by the time they hit the soil , they 'd turned brown .
at night , their petals looked like black velvet .
that was silly , of course it was rose petals .
red rose petals all over the bed .
i took a step closer , then another , realizing they were n't rose petals after all .
i wrinkled my nose , confused , but i did what he asked , getting up onto the wooden stool and looking down at what i had first thought might be blood or rose petals , but were neither .
and just when the idea breaks , washes over me - the braid , the hands , raven - there is a single explosion , a cracking noise , and thomas fineman 's mouth falls open , and he teeters ackward and slumps to the ground as red petals of blood bloom outward across his shirt front .
afterward , white petals will rain down on me , scattered by the priests , by the guests , by my parents .
the golden carved flowers had cascaded in bunches , each with its own jewels nestled in the petals .
my fingers touched the petals of the golden flowers as i slowed down my pace .
its stem and petals were deep blue , with the exception of a few petals , which gleamed bright silver .
its stem and petals were deep blue , with the exception of a few petals , which gleamed bright silver .
as he touched the flower 's stem to the only part of my wound that still contained sapphire serum , i could see the silver petals slowly soak up the blue .
streaks appeared in the silver , veining it in tiny intricate spider - webs through the metal petals .
the rose holds the venom in its petals .
tipping the petals toward me , he said , ` ` that was you .
the drop of blood blemished the tiny white flower and ran down into its petals .
her lips are soft as flower petals , but with an intensity behind them .
white and red flower petals blew through the air as she nodded and stood to her feet , brushing the grass off her dress .
a carpet of rose petals filled the chamber with a sweet rich aroma as i treaded toward a raised platform .
the rose petals did little to cushion my kneecaps from the stone ground below .
the orchid petals felt like silk against my hand .
` ` i ' ve heard wonderful things about that program , '' mom says , swiveling a vase of tulips and lilies , trying to catch the petals in the best light .
it left a trail of leaves and petals where the lady passed , and the winter fey kept their distance , growling and hissing .
they were quite beautiful , the petals so thin and delicate they were almost transparent .
the flowers had opened completely and were glowing as if tiny moons nestled between the petals , throwing back the darkness .
it was surrounded by seelie gentry in their fanciest clothes , gowns of feathers and rose petals , cloaks of baby 's breath and spiderwebs .
the booth was dark and empty , though flowers were scattered everywhere inside , dried stems and petals fluttering across the counter .
i leaned against the counter , brushing away drifts of petals and leaves .
her hair was loose , falling down her back in golden - brown waves , petals and leaves scattered throughout .
her dress , made of leaves , petals and wispy cloth , left her shoulders and arms bare , and her skin gave off a faint glow as if sunlit , even though it was the middle of the night .
when i left her that morning , she had been curled up on my pillow reading , petals and leaves idly sprouting around her from the bed frame .
cloaks of leaves , gowns of petals still in bloom , a cape made of thousands of butterflies , gently fanning their wings in the sun .
of a little girl in the most absurdly frilly skirt , plucking petals off a flower .
he looks at wren , who 's attempting to extract the petals and leaves from her sweater .
the clematis is back now , bushy and wild , dropping purple petals all over the deck .
on top of the cushions are thousands of little white and red rose petals .
i look at caleb , at the twinkling lights , and at the beautiful petals surrounding us .
there are more petals strewn all over the wooden floor , surrounding a bunch of pillows and blankets in the middle .
several petals have dropped , now dry and crinkled on the desk around the pot .
it springs upward and a verdant green floods the leaves and stalk and new petals bloom , colorless at first , then turning a brilliant purple .
shaking my head , i focused on the one that had a cover of a girl whose dress turned into rose petals .
stepping off the porch , i went to the small rose bushes and started pulling off the dead petals .
i turn to study the flower petals , tremulous with dew .
the burlap fell back on either side , draping over the table like the petals of a flower opening to welcome the spring sun .
he was gasping for breath , the skin of the anonymous corpse protruding from his clenched fist , congealed blood quivering on his stained knuckles like the morning dew upon rose petals .
he was good at building things ; several years ago he 'd made heather a rose out of petals of copper , with a steel stem and little screws for thorns .
she bites her bobbi brown sandwash petal 'd frosted bottom lip , which in my opinion looks fine on her .
i try pulling the dress down , but the lace is so layered and frilly it stands out like petals .
her hair was ` ` like spun silk , '' and her lips ` ` tasted like petals . ''
not that aria thought petals really had a taste , but it was still awesome .
her skin was as soft as petals .
emily broke away to go to the bathroom , leaving the tent and walking through a sexy , candlelit hallway paved in rose petals .
it was like pulling petals off a flower : he loves me , he loves me not .
the petals of the dried - out lilac - colored roses lincoln sent me for my graduation last week create the border .
a few petals float down to the wooden porch .
even in the heat , the petals are silky and cool .
i bet her skin is smooth , like petals .
a flurry of rose petals swirls in my chest .
with thumb and forefinger i begin to pluck the petals and let them fall to the floor , one by one , while chanting softly in a singsong way , ` ` he loves me , he loves me not .
we hugged tight and long ; and the sun itself seemed to shine brighter , glowing on the white petals of the flowers growing in her window box .
i catch the rose petals as they fall from my cheeks , as they float around the frame of my body , as they cover me in something that feels like the absence of courage .
i did n't take them right away , but glared at their pretty petals instead .
one of the stewards turned the water on to an elegant ivory bathtub in the corner of my room and another one brought in flower petals of every color and smell .
the fragrant perfume from the vibrant petals filled my nostrils and i was suddenly very excited about the ceremonial bath portion of today 's festivities .
the steward with the flower petals began sprinkling them across the expanse of the ivory bathtub .
the fragrance continued to perfume the air in a sweet , exotic way and the petals floated around me with the swirling water .
the dance floor , too , had been made into pure white with millions of white rose petals covering every inch , so when the people would dance , the petals would float up and around them .
the dance floor , too , had been made into pure white with millions of white rose petals covering every inch , so when the people would dance , the petals would float up and around them .
` ` i guess it does , '' i blushed , letting him lead me around the floral floor , the petals floating up and tickling the tops of my feet .
for a moment , i forgot his story and forgot there were other people around us , we were floating on a cloud of white rose petals and there was only me and there was only him .
flames devoured the once breath - taking flowering trees , hungrily engulfing the delicate petals , leaving no evidence of their beauty behind .
the twilighted sun glowed with orange , pink and soft shades of purple on the horizon , sending fields of drooping sunflowers to sleep , and bathing the golden petals in soft light .
a dance floor had been placed in the center of the space , covered in tight red silk and sprinkled with orange flower petals .
i hold up a handful of small , delicate flowers with purple petals that stand out unevenly against a brilliant yellow center .
the one she 's chosen is warped , two of the petals growing together , asymmetrical .
two of the petals are grown together , a mutation , one in a million .
i brush a fingertip along the joined petals , and abruptly i see tarver 's quiet smile , the beauty in the moment he gave it to me .
it burst into beautiful light and then filtered down like golden petals .
the skin was as pale as the petal of a magnolia .
the difference from the cream - colored outer petals was so slight you had to look closely to see it .
instead of handing her the flower , ander crushed the petals inside a tight , shaking fist .
then she held a fresh petal to my lips and repeated the process .
her blood made a river through the petals .
the bright sky fractured , letting the night back in , and all around us , sparks fell like fading fireworks , a dream of shining petals blown loose from a thousand flowers .
` ` they 're really pretty , '' i say , bending down to get a better look at them - bright purple petals centred with yellow nectar .
` ` they look like stars , '' i say , fingering the soft petals .
her smile was more subdued than the wild , exuberant grin i 'd hoped to see on her website , but it was definitely charlayne - with the pink petals of the lotus flower clear and distinct on her left hand .
i run my fingers along the leaves and stems before admiring all the unique petals .
garrett had drawn the curtains tight and sprinkled rose petals all over the floor and on the bed .
the image of sutton 's bed , covered in rose petals , floated back to her , and she shuddered .
scandinavian blond hair , eyes as blue as fiords , skin like vanilla ice cream or flower petals or sugar frosting - or really not like anything else but just her skin .
it had to do with the use of light and how he used it to show the life of the thing he painted , like there was something bright pushing out from inside a child 's body or a flower 's petals or from some particular archway of an ancient building , radiating outward , something that transcended the physical .
it had beautiful white linens on it and the whole bed was covered with daisy and rose petals .
i looked on the floor and it was covered in daisy and rose petals .
the aisle that was made for the wedding party to walk down already had a few dozen red and pink flower petals spread around .
i ' m sure i was as red as those rose petals .
simple but filled with led candles and rose petals spread all over the bed .
the bed had petals spread all over it with one single red rose lying across the pillows .
she held up a flower with crimson petals .
the petals opened , bent toward kady - and hissed .
the stone flew true and smacked into the crimson petals .
he caught a glint of sunlight reflecting from the heart of its petals .
the floors were covered in the petals of some desert rose , casting a sweet scent to the air .
in new light the black curlicues of the iris petals look different .
but now the florists and confectioners have gone , dropping off their arrangements , their bowls of trailing ivy and hothouse roses , their iced petits fours , their candied lavender and orange - blossom petals , and other delicacies beyond the household 's practical expertise .
he saw a parrot with feathers like flower petals roosting on a nearby limb , head tucked to hide from the deluge .
the striking petals looked venomously bright against the dull greens and browns of the surrounding foliage .
he plucked a closed bud from a stem and squeezed the tightly sealed petals .
her lips , delicate as rose petals , quivered as she dropped her face into her doll 's crazy , silly hair .
because dad is growling , like something 's waking up in his chest , raking curved claws over his insides , trying to break his bones and bust from his skin , just like the mom 's cancer in now done darkness , or the million creepy , furry spithres that tremble like spiky petals from that girl 's mouth in whispers .
then she blanked , her mind blinkering white with terror as a nightmare of legs , jointed and bristled as a tarantula 's , unfurled from tania 's lips like the spiky petals of an alien rose .
the breeze was sending petals around us , though there was no flowering tree in sight .
i felt like kneeling to touch the petals of the crocus , to confirm that they were real .
if i breathed too hard it would knock some decorative bowl off the wall or cause the perfectly arranged dried flowers to weep petals .
light , delicate flakes drifted by the black square of my window , like flower petals .
men hang the bridles with red tassels and daisies to lessen the danger of the dark november sea , but i would n't trust a handful of petals to save my life .
gansey 's eyes opened as petals landed lightly on his cheeks .
gansey pushed himself up onto his elbows ; petals tumbled from him as if he had been awoken from a long sleep .
his right hand swept another clump of dirt over petals .
niall 's face was smeared with blood and blue petals .
the petals snared in the blood were shaped like tiny stars .
ronan tried , now , to explain them to gansey , the wrongness of the stamen , the furriness of the petals .
but the mask came away as easily as a petal from a flower .
blue , out in the hall , touched the petal of a perfect blue lily .
rubbing his beard , he surveyed the wreckage : shattered glass , broken broomsticks , dried flower petals .
eleanor sat back , her pale green dress spreading out around her like flower petals on the grass .
eleanor stepped back just as siobhan , a blanket of petals , flopped to the ground at her feet .
the sleeve of my sweatshirt had pulled down to reveal the iron bracelet on my wrist ; a single yellow petal was still stuck to the edge of it .
there was only a second 's pause , and then the petals unfolded , one after another , until the bloom had grown large enough to touch each of my fingers .
i stared at the velvet yellow petals cupped in my hands , and then back up at him .
i lifted my hands from the windowsill and looked at them ; petals were stuck on my palms .
picking petals off my skin , i knocked the rest of the blooms to the ground outside , frowning at the empty yard .
` ` with pleasure , '' eleanor said , sweeping over the petals as if they meant nothing to her .
the keres collided into the massive trunk and on impact , the brilliant blue lotus blossoms shriveled and died , falling to the ground in dried black petals .
it shifted into a g. one lone petal fell out of formation and she glared at it .
the petals flew into an arrow formation and rushed at my head .
black clouds swirled overhead , while dry leaves and withered rose petals blew across the countryside .
this second growth lowered down until it was directly above the empty mattress , then its end split open , pieces of material curling out and away like the petals of a flower .
now one had only to drop powdered crocus petals into the ashes of a cinnamon wood fire and a new dust spell for invisibility would be born .
looking at the world through the fir tree meant seeing only the essential things : the vivid green of the grass , dew glistening on petals , a robin flicking its tail , a squirrel rustling through the rhododendron , a miracle of life and growth that forever pulsed under the ordinariness .
despite the hours and hours she had spent playing in the basement , she felt very turned around : she had the sense that the room was growing bigger all around her , extending outward in strange and twisty ways , like a tightly closed flower suddenly opening its petals .
she managed to grab hold of one of the flower petals and right herself .
then images began rising through her , one after another : a flash of sunlight on silvery water ; spinning clouds of reddish dust ; explosions of bright color ; lava hardening into black stone ; a flower unfurling its petals , coated in sparkling dew ; lightning tearing across a purple , cloud - clotted sky ; a child laughing .
you could bathe them in rose petals and they 'd still smell worse than a barnyard in august .
she was older - she must have been anna 's age , liza thought , and in fact she kind of looked like anna , except that instead of wearing jeans with dirty cuffs and an old band t - shirt as anna usually did , this girl was wearing a dress that seemed to be made entirely of leaves and petals .
the clearing was carpeted with tiny flowers of all different colors , and liza 's bare feet sank into the soft petals as she walked .
he clenched his fist and let the petals fall to the floor .
the masses parted for the approaching bride revealing a path of pink and white rose petals leading up to the stage .
freed of the burden of ceremonial obligations lilly ann squealed in delight , kicked a few rose petals into the air and skipped barefoot through a cloud of pink and white leaves towards the stage .
pausing only to look both ways , like a demented windscreen wiper , and to pick up a few rose petals ( his mothers favourite flower ) he was off again , and blow the ramp , he took the steps two at a time , unfortunately there were an odd number of steps and he nearly came a cropper at the top , but there in front of him were two panes of glass , the one on the left enclosed in a door frame , complete with a half wrenched off handle , and now being held open by an untrained person , it must be for someone very important he though , so fearlessly he charged through the other one .
in spring they were white with blossom , and when the petals fell it looked like falling snow .
the notion that those beautiful golden petals cluttering up the precious toxic waste sites called front lawns could be converted into an elixir that would gladden the spirit , allowing them to dance and sing like the happy children they once were , terrified them .
for me beauty was the mud and earth moving under my feet and an invisible hand forcing me forward headlong ; it was a too - bright eruption of light around from behind me ; it was objects moving around me like petals of an unfolding flower .
if you had n't accidentally touched my face with the petals , you 'd have -- why did you do it ?
other times , he had chris gently flutter the brush above the canvas , and what ended up on the canvas looked like what might have been petals on a blue flower .
the dripping leaves and branches , and the moist petals of gorgeous flowers glistened in the splendor of the returning day .
right , definitely my budget level , although i had forgotten that in the past two weeks of darryl wining and dining and strewing rose petals in my path .
the flowers gently opened and closed their petals , as if drinking in the night .
there seemed something sinister in the way the petals opened and closed in a tantalizing way .
an empty casket was buried beneath heaps of black prince flowers , their petals flaking downwards , occasionally drifting to the silent marble floor below .
suddenly the blade of her sword looked to be shaving off slivers of itself in the size of thin scales or flower petals .
shade and the other three of them watched in amazement as the pink petals seemed to dance around her in a sphere .
she raised the hilt and the petals swirled around it and quickly formed into a three bladed sword once more .
while he was distracted , my petals snuck past his defense and sliced him into a million pieces .
my eyes caught a small beauty , in the form of a purple flower with five petals and the ground beneath me was covered in grass , soft and comfortable .
the design was an intricate rosebud whose petals twisted out in dark red .
he bit at it , spitting the petals at her feet .
she wandered through the flowers , trailing her fingers along the petals .
she watched eric pick up a necklace with large emeralds mounted on gold petals resembling lotus flowers .
they were shaped like a large glass umbrella or perhaps the petals of a flower .
the blue flowers had pointed petals , fanned like a wide saucer .
good morning sadness sadness is a friend of melancholy you know the road that will take you to happiness so that you will not be sad or melancholic anymore november the month colorful autumn leaves are all around the first snow falls fresh and light like your soft face your cheeks on the first cold morning red like the roses in may the description of your visage is always near my heart you are still a young suave girl with eyes like wet violets your hair is autumn red but your visage is not melancholic like autumn yet like the smile of paradise sweet and suave like venus of the ocean a sweet divine creature made of strawberry milk and petals of rose flowers perfumed with spring air as autumn returns every year it seems less melancholic with you on my horizon yet calmer and happier the winter , spring time and summer are good friends of autumn the other seasons will be happy to welcome autumns smile again no more melancholic autumns for me .
she was on a paved road , pretty big , full of flowers petals from the island .
she did nt dare to look around , walking elegant forward , dragging the petals with her long dress .
we open her way with white rose petals .
from where lania started to ask , but angell was already sharing the girls some small baskets with white rose petals in them .
long story angell , get ready girls , enter the church and spread the petals .
but even the flower from the rock , having the size of a human baby , had life , and how she was seating there quietly , suddenly she turns her petals towards angell , making the girl thrilling .
was the flower from the rock , which had her petals fixed on her .
then she realized that the flowers petals were like her palms .
all the time when the water was touching the flower petals , they were changing suddenly the color , erasing the blue and remaining only white like winter snow .
the petals expanded outward in a burst before settling into a rounded cup shape .
carefully , she took the flower by its stem and lifted its petals to her face .
karen sat across from him , motionless , staring down to the beautiful yellow petals in front of her .
he stroked a couple of fir needles and flower petals out of her hair and said , what s the important thing ta remember about clouds ?
the gondola was carpeted with petals , which formed the shape of a seat that would meld itself into the shape of its sitter .
it had pink petals and a weird green and blue centre .
the baskets of beautiful bugs and plants scurried into their holds for shelter , the petals masking their insides and retreating behind their elongated leaves .
he gestured something and began blowing the rose petals on his palm to his unearthly enemies and it suddenly flamed .
the creature began to shatter into pieces of rose petals before turning into tiny specks of ash .
he cast it over snow with the burning petals surrounding her and went into an explosion by the snapped of his finger .
sofia repeated what he had said and the nearly - opened bud shut its petals back .
like the other girls , she carried a chumash basket filled with flower petals and scattered them as she walked .
in what universe does a few smashed up rose petals cost more than a microwave oven ?
it only adds a layer of aroma ; we can sense through those rose petals without a problem .
twigs crunched softly beneath our feet and fresh apple blossom petals floated around as two happy souls leisurely meandered down the winding woodland path towards the centre of town .
the doors at the other end of the nave opened and in rushed prince and fonkee holding baskets of flower petals .
prince and fonkee threw a handful of petals over them and as they wafted down , steffennie and the best mans white outfits filled with color .
tomika , jina , and doctor came to the doorway and posed for clothing coloring from princes and fonkees petals before doing their own dances down to the altar .
trecille and eduardo ran to the doorway and were showered with petals .
j sat , plucked a flower , counted the petals .
she touched the white petals of the rose with her left hand and slid her index finger down its stem .
the roses petals changed from white to blue .
pluck smiled and giggled , and the roses petals turned yellow .
the roses petals changed to pink .
the illumination depended on the color the roses petals assumed .
the roses yellow petals transformed to blue , casting an azure glow , and the prince noticed the flower 's hue change .
the four black rings on her bare finger glowed silver as the roses blue petals transformed to platinum , increasing its throbbing tempo .
bulwark was there also holding the glass container with the mystic rose whose petals were pink .
she weaved through the garden , delicately running her fingertips over rose petals as she went .
it seemed masses of tiny white petals were fluttering slowly down from the sky .
these flowers are pendulous , formed much like hearts people draw on their valentines cards , and raceme bearing have many individual flowers , each one 1 - 2 '' long , with intensive red - pink outer petals and white inner petals .
these flowers are pendulous , formed much like hearts people draw on their valentines cards , and raceme bearing have many individual flowers , each one 1 - 2 '' long , with intensive red - pink outer petals and white inner petals .
it immediately surprised her how strong nicolette was , for she scarcely gave the impression that she might be able to break a petal from a flower .
smoothly and gracefully , they opened , like the petals of an exotic flower , each segment clicking into place at the base , a line of luminescent violet shimmering along the edges , like a cuttlefish .
around their satiny petals , insects jostled for space , giddy and intoxicated .
it seemed as if every person walking the earth had one supremely sad story , and while she was nt so nave as to believe that the remaining roads in her life would be paved with nothing but rose petals , she managed to take some comfort in the fact shed at least gotten her most awful tragedy out of the way .
she walked through the instant garden and touched the petals .
a clerk among petals was nt a dream job by any stretch , but maybe this was where she was supposed to be .
then i think lana left petals of white flowers for us to follow , the white almost glowing in the dark so we could press on .
but then the petals stopped and even cosh could not follow the tracks any more .
she had felt hope as long as the flowers lasted and she had been able to mark a trail with the petals , but then her captors noticed and after an angry tirade they tied both girls securely .
one then backtracked a bit and picked up some of the petals and dropped them in another direction .
your skin is softer than the softest petal and the hue of your cheeks more tender than any bloom can boast .
shortly , the color of drying petals would glow crimson and gold in the meadows .
when finally it was over , the once great house in flames , she walked across a long garden where shortly before there had been row upon row of red roses , but now there was only carnage , petals scattered amongst the wreckage .
and scattered all about his feet coloured petals covered the ground .
he took a pace forward then stopped , aware of the crushed petals and broken stems of flowers that lay upon the ground .
he looked up toward the sky and a billion white petals were descending upon him .
she sprinkled rose petals over the bed and over the floor before turning out the lights .
the fireplace crackled with cheer and flower petals gave the room a delicate scent which made ones mind rest .
he walked forward , burning flower petals beneath him and could nt stop the blaze that had ignited .
next thing they know is they stood in their room , but all the flower petals were swept up and a large food basket waited on the coffee table .
a large kite of white cloth acted as wings was securely held above a lone propeller operated by a stick and petals and powered by a hydrogen fuel - cell .
they glowed softly and were beyond beautiful , not even the smallest petals had a fifteen foot diameter .
ethan watched tokala pull a seed from his pocket and saw it grow into a thick , sunflower - like plant that was over four feet wide and wreathed in bright yellow petals , but it was nt a sunflower .
the moment i arrived , he dressed me in this black outfit and put on a roman toga thing and danced around me while scattering rose petals .
the women and girls brought baskets of flower petals and they showered doan , celebrating her return .
petals , miss latorena said after two pink rose petals made a gentle landing on her palm .
petals , miss latorena said after two pink rose petals made a gentle landing on her palm .
sunday opened her eyes and marveled at the falling leaves and petals that emanated from the evil aryad .
stella and her fellow football players raked piles of leaves and petals with their fingers .
almira and her friends blew falling petals at one another .
jayrel and his equally naughty friends also enjoyed the rare phenomenon as they caught a cupped - hand full of leaves and petals from the sky , and tossed them at one another .
he collected blue petals which seemed to be from a daisy .
the mayor and mr . fuego raised their arms like children , feeling the soft leaves and petals falling on their face .
from quietly admiring the rain of leaves and petals , miss latorena turned to who spoke .
she was surprised to see mr . guerra by her side , peacefully looking up at the sky raining leaves and petals of various colors and shapes .
i pictured the flower in my mind ; how pure and white the petals were , how delicate and precious the flower was to hold in my hands .
i pick off the petals , whispering .
i slowly stand , wiping off flower petals .
the four sides of the nose split open and spread apart , like the petals of some effulgent metallic flower , revealing the hollow barrel of a great cannon .
first to emerge from the cloud are three women in their early twenties who sprinkle the path with multi - colored mylar petals as david , bowing theatrically from one side to the other , follows .
while the flower girls toss their last petals in his direction , with sweeping bows , they withdraw behind the dark velvet curtains .
in the dancing colored lights , the floating metallic plastic petals swarm in unseen drafts of air .
~~~ tuesday evening , jake paced outside of the little italian restaurant , a bouquet of marigolds losing petals with each frustrated step .
and when the mist - laden petals of night fall about , you are wrapped up , safely hidden in a beautiful cocoon .
she described for me , in detail , the petals of one particular flower .
doubtless , i 'd be accused of seducing this young innocent : luring her to me cabin and debauching herstealing the fragrance from the flower , defiling the petals of first bloom .
several petals had been shaken loose .
the sun highlighted bright colors painted on the petals of every flower imaginable -- roses , daisies , blue bells , sunflowers , sweet peas , and so many that echo could nt even name .
slowly , serena pokes one finger inside a flower , pushing aside petals to view the hollow spur at the apex .
petals from the branch above graze her hair .
after the yellow petals cover a large span past the wolf - made border , she pauses , looking at the tree stump .
then , she removes enough petals to clear a narrow path from the outside to the stump .
a puff of yellow petals rise up at her landing .
from over the top of the petals she looks over at liam , her mind made up .
the yellow petals are highlighted against cordelia 's deep burgundy scales .
flowerbeds of vividly coloured petals slowly unfurled to reveal their treasures of nectar , ready to entice the messenger bees to transport their liquid love notes to a distant sweetheart .
mika missed his toy but a flower pot flew apart into shards , spraying dirt , leaves , and colorful petals .
the flowers yellow petals swirled with perfect symmetry .
the bundle of flowers tied to her wrist by a ribbon was crushed and the petals drifted to the floor .
then , checking to be sure her aunt still slept , she snuck to the porch and rifled the drawers of her herb chest until she found the one that held the forkleaf petals .
forkleaf petals , she admitted , holding her hand out for her aunt to see .
feeling foolish did nt stop teth from dropping the small pink petals in the pot .
forkleaf petals were rumored to calm mens hearts , make them desire a settled life , and look on a woman more fondly .
milne made good money selling the petals that only grew in the higher elevations for a short time each year but privately dismissed their efficacy at every opportunity .
would the forkleaf petals work ?
he liked their colorful petals , even if they were nt the most durable of plants .
a sea of petals and glitter .
harps played softly , as if music came from the dancing white and pink petals that drifted from the trees .
i walked through a drift of small white lilies and saw that if i crushed one to the earth with my sandal , it bounced back immediately , shaking itself all over to straighten petals and smooth out leaves .
it contains hypernian wine , the juice of three persimmons , twelve crushed petals from the unholy flowers that bloom along the river styx , captured vapors from the depths of the nekromanteion , and five drops from the waters of the river of lethe . ''
queen zosime seemed to exhale a sweet but evil scent , like some tropical flower luring small creatures to a poisoned drowning within lush petals .
i stared at the screen seeing the exact same flower that was now tattooed on my hip : white petals with yellow antenna things sticking out of the middle .
in the shadows , their crimson petals were black .
and from nowhere , five flower petals appeared .
a beautiful petal of rose .
a powerful petal of tulip .
a fragile petal of sakura .
a brave petal of daffodil .
a cheerful petal of violet .
the petals of the flower then started to rotate , slowly and slowly , recognizing the new bond .
and the petals of the flower each became a land .
meg reached for a white rose nearby and felt its soft petals .
well , i found a petal of cherry blossom and a leaf of peppermint beside them in the garden .
the kingdoms , according to the story , were located in positions like flower petals of a beautiful spring flower , surrounded by the deep ocean .
meg noticed that the flower petal was only visible to her .
is a petal of a cherry blossom .
there was a carving of a petal of tulip on the dagger , and the room was filled with the scent of violet .
the spring rose had finally come out of the ocean of nothingness an hour ago , guided by the petal of the cherry blossom meg had spotted .
as the weather had become a bit windier than before , some petals of cherry blossoms were falling .
and meg realized that kens voice was coming from one of the petals of cherry blossoms that had fallen over the night .
she does nt think plucking petals from a flower can reveal if someone loves you .
even as loose petals oddly drifted around him , like moths to a flame .
hadge opened his eyes , just as a scarlet petal landed on the tip of his nose .
its intricate heart shaped leaves and petals was so overgrown that it hid the cave walls , and mushrooms nearly from sight .
hadge did as he was told , seeing ruby gently land on his nose , like the petal of a rose .
she crouched next to the plants , fingering the buds that were now tight , and covered with the thin green shell that protects delicate petals before they open .
the shampoo scent had been replaced by the scent of the silken quilt : woven of fine red silk from china , and infused with a potpourri of herbs and rose petals .
its petals were wrinkled but still strong .
the moisture evaporated from its petals until it was nothing but a dry husk .
this was followed by flowers , and from one of these flowers , blooming for the first time , the petals opened to reveal a being no bigger than a seed sitting in the middle of the flower .
its forbidding menace was softened by flowers with soft round petals .
bright petals and mellow scent exploded out of it in a stunning array of colour .
tiny butterflies flitted joyfully from one colorful petal to the next .
the petals seemed old and wilted now , unlike what it was moments before , and the moisture leaked and evaporated quickly .
moss crawled over rocks and trees with white petals blooming beside yellow orchids , filling the air with glowing dander .
fallen petals circled her , rising off the lichen on an invisible current and making avaris forget about the horse .
* * * * * the treetops twisted with a heavy wind and tulip petals swayed around a dozen light - footed mercenaries along a barren path through the forest .
shinji crossed the wooden bridge that stretched over a branch of the pond , near the slender body of a white crane that portrayed a divine elegance , and he walked under a shade tree as the bloom of white petals floated on the wind .
lighter colors gave comprehension to the dynamic flower petals that bloomed in the spring , while others were drawn in shades of black to detail geometric form that brought no realization of purpose but described beauty so well that the need to question disappeared , leaving only stark appreciation .
the young maidens entered , strewing rose petals on the floor for the new bride to walk on .
your secret history 1 a red petal , placed on the space between your breasts , would taste tart as a mulberry from the salt rhythms of your beating chest .
as it came nearer , she saw that it was a tiny winged girl wearing a dress of pink flower petals .
for a moment they blossomed then flew from the vines , creating a gentle whirlwind of colorful petals .
the figure , with long blonde hair like sunlight melting down her back , continued sweeping her hands over hundreds of bare rose bushes in the crumbling courtyard , leaving a cyclone of petals in her wake .
where the petals once floated now fluttered hundreds of purplish - black butterflies .
a breeze was blowing through lulas sea of coral petals .
long green - stemmed grasses tickled their legs , while wild flowers flounced their petals and climbed up gnarled tree trunks .
the sun was just beginning to set , and hundreds of orange - pink blossoms were uncurling their petals , when the path began to rise steeply towards the clouds .
the last sunset - kisses had closed their petals for the night and she stood among them watching the stars .
they were in bloom , their petals lined with silver in the moonlight .
it may be that well have to finalize the bond perforce , someone said , drawing merrans attention outward and his touch away from the delicate flower with showy red petals he had been absently fingering .
sunlight peeked through in random places , glistening off dew - kissed petals or the incessantly moving wings of the bees and small birds that tended to the lush garden .
his slim fingers cupped the fragile petals with graceful caution and he leaned toward the flower as if to kiss it .
young , beautiful ... dark skin , dark hair ... eyes a deep brown , like rich earth ... full lips , lush like the folded petals currently balanced on the tips of korstens fingers .
some herbal remedies even called for the actual petals of the lily .
the leaves were thin and a glossy green , and the petals were thick , long and .
it was so beautiful , with a drop of water on a petal to give it that extra spark .
with dew drops on your petals , you stumble out into the morning .
they were standing underneath a tree whose trunk was silver , whose fruits were golden hands fringed with black petals at the wrists.changeturned rigid , at first , whenhouyikissed her .
under a golden tree and black petals she first kissed you .
her beautiful garden was littered with debris and drifts of dust , flowers were missing half of their petals , and a broken tree branch from a neighbor 's yard had pummeled one of the cacti .
she looked paler today ; even her lips , once red as rose petals , were bleached of color .
then he lit the hearth , placed the kettle in the midst of the glowing coals , and while waiting for the sweet lily petals to brew , wishing to chase the staleness of sleep from his mouth , he took a bite off an overripe fig and spat it out at once , doubling over and retching , retching emptily .
peculiar creatures , the lurienites ; born out of the sacred rivers milk , and thus so very much resembling it : their skin , pure white , with the merest rosy sheen , their eyes like beads of an unbroken opalescence , their seldom - parting lips like petals carved out of snow - coloured , yielding marble .
the top of it looked like a huge flower , its long thick petals made of wood and its stem connected through a complex combination of ropes and chains to a cylinder ; the wondrous contraption also had a pair of long leather wings hanging limply to the ground , a fish - like tail , and a seat attached to a long vertical stick and wooden treadles .
and after the merry eternal had thus singlehandedly ensured the rebirth of the farmlands and that no feere should go hungry again , the seers whom people still ran ahead of to strew lily petals at their feet , startling them to no end made sure that the castle itself would also live on in security .
below them was an army of mixed and lively flowers : tiny yellow lilies with pealing petals revealing deep blue sepals within ; red cluster - bush rising high above the rest like pointed roofs of far - reaching towers ; and a sea of sharp - stemmed calmstars , blue as the deeps of the ocean , lying low in the fading sunlight .
her hair was tied back , and there was a black flower , a nahilar , within it ; the flower was like a black claw , for its petals bent inwards like fingers .
the flowers were about five to ten inches tall , and each one had thick , multicolored petals with multiple shades of yellow , orange , green , violet .
he scanned the purple flowers all about him as we walked , and every now and then he 'd stop and tenderly rub a petal between his fingers .
fairies prefer soft , scented petals for beds , and sunshine helps as well .
` ` you mean little people made of flower petals with the vine clothes ? ''
she watched a beautiful daisy pixie , its petals flowing in the wind as it floated by where missy had come out .
its body seemed made of daisy petals , shifting and twisting in the wind .
she was pulling them free from the earth , putting the white and red - spotted petals into her little bag and pushing them down to make certain they would nt shake loose when she flew home .
when she came home with a big collection of petals for their favourite dessert , the master would be really pleased with her .
she tugged the petals free and stuffed them down into the leather pouch .
silly plant , she tutted and was about to start plucking the petals free when the grass behind her moved and a mans face appeared .
the petals were all crushed and she indignantly hovered above the prostrate form , wings beating furiously , as she dusted herself off .
not to mention her prize petals being ruined by this careless person .
in the middle was what looked like a huge , clear , glass rose but as if someone had pinned back the petals .
making his way to the huge petals he saw many spirals of what looked like thin strands of blue smoke twisting in the centre , making lazy patterns in the air .
as she appeared it would close up and pin her within the petals .
desperately he stepped into the centre of the petals and his vision blurred , the scenery shifted and his stomach lurched .
he found himself sitting on the floor in the room , one of the open petals of the trap had tripped him .
she gasped as they tussled and then her boot snagged on one of the glass petals and with a shriek of fear she fell backwards into the trap .
jared staggered back as her grip on him was released and as she attempted to sit up the petals suddenly all glowed a bright , buttercup yellow and silently began to rise .
she screamed and stood , trying to push her way through the gap between two petals but was forced back as they squeezed shut .
she shrieked in fear as the glass petals completely closed and with an almost inaudible chunk they met at the top and sealed the trap completely .
the petals began to glow brighter and jared glanced up as they began to close in on themselves , shrinking in and becoming smaller .
shielding his eyes with his arm as the petals completely closed in on themselves and with a final flash of light the trap vanished .
he hit it and fell hard , landing in the many multi - coloured flowers in the elaborate garden , his heavily armoured body crushing the delicate petals and stalks .
all the flowers were gone now , their stalks twisted ash and their petals merely a memory .
the stalks began to swell and then they suddenly blossomed into petals .
the other flowers burst into petals too , every conceivable colour available .
unsure of how much she would need she ripped a few petals from the second flower , added it to the wound and pressed her palms down hard on it - leyna .
though as her fingers made contact with the petals , she was immediately drawn into a vision of spectacular color and feel .
she was striding towards her , blue rose petals strewn all over the ground , and then an eagle .
her ensemble was one of many fine layers , sprawled out to look like the petals of a blossom .
gliding softly through the magic of thy forest , prima found enchantment within the wakening of some sleeping flowers , their petals arousing to primas gentle touch .
gently , one by one , her petals drift out from thy core , leaving only the moonstone in sight .
eeowyn placed his hand upon corozons arm as he felt her urge to save thy petals .
la rosa was then once more her own beautified self with petals of pristine new .
lyric placed tatianas free hand to be still just above the sapphire petals .
her fingers begin moving without thought , lightly pushing down on five petals in an obvious specified sequence .
white rose petals fall from the sky .
sun was born from the red plumeria flower , ah - puch was born from the black plumeria flower , those petals unfolded in the same heartbeat and released these two gods at the same time .
he blows into the chest of the servant of ah - puch , and flames curl out like petals opening .
kayla laid down the daisy , which was missing a few petals , to look inside the pouch .
vandor , what shall we do in coming years , she asked intently , looking down at the daisy she once held , missing the petals .
a breath , as she pulled the last petal from the daisy she held , do you feel as such for me now that we are older ?
in the shape of a rose bloom , two inches in size , it was attached to a black twine necklace through one of the petals .
especially , since the day she counted the petals of one while vandor did confess his love once again to her with the ring she now wore upon her finger .
joyce commanded beynor to retrieve some of the white flowers around them , explaining the petals could stop an infection , and then she commanded tarik to remove his shirt as she found a suitable branch nearby to help tie a tourniquet .
out of nowhere , a shower of red rose petals pours down with the snow and when we look up , the bearded vultures are turning over and over above us , their screeches drifting down with the petals , followed by the spine - tingling cat - growls and wolf howling .
out of nowhere , a shower of red rose petals pours down with the snow and when we look up , the bearded vultures are turning over and over above us , their screeches drifting down with the petals , followed by the spine - tingling cat - growls and wolf howling .
frozen rose petals all around us , dirty dresses , ruined suits and soaking wet hair - yet .
as he rose , the breeze picked up and caught up leaves and petals in its airy grip , sending them dancing and spinning about the three who exchanged a wondering look and were themselves lost to sight as they joined in the dance of the rising wind .
if joy wore petals , she would garb herself as thee .
eym called , her bright blonde curls lifting in the wind like flower petals .
marlin waved his wand , and suddenly the knives became flower petals , all of which fluttered in a shower to the floor .
* * * from this height they looked back on the way they d come , the foothills , the long path , the fields and orchards of the great territory , and , set within them like a pistil surrounded by petals , the city they d left behind .
and his feelings were getting reciprocated by the woman sitting across ; color had rushed to whose cheeks as the petals of his poetry had fallen upon her tingling ears .
it bloomed and dropped its petals .
it was a world of opulent luxury , where the seats were littered with petals of a pallid pink rose and where a narrow bed that took up the entire rear of the car had its crimson comforter turned down in silent invitation .
he must have breathed in their purifying fragrance for hours on end until the petals fell and reminded him of his fate , past and to come .
he himself had gone by , unfaithful to it in his first lifetime , but back to it now , back to that original time , everything ageless like the things in the mid - century street , no time for the white roses in the florists window to lose a single petal .
9 january she gathered all the things she thought might be necessary : an assortment of spices , a candle and matches , dried rose petals , wine , a bottle of ink and the right pen , a small silver mirror , a tiny bell , two russian thimbles , and a photograph of her grandfather .
she lit the candle , she spread the spices and the rose petals , she even served herself tea .
in time , they would wither and die , like petals of a flower cast into a fire .
for one thing , they thought she was nt colorful enough , because she always wore a black dress ( which they considered her petals ) .
tell me , or i shall begin plucking your petals !
alice dropped the petal then reached out , touched another one .
the meal was amazingly arranged , salad - like but full of flower petals from all the different forest flowers .
ill be careful not to bruise your petals .
i knew you would nt bruise my petals .
leaning closer to raymond , she gently drew the daisy 's soft white petals lightly across his cheek .
bouquets of red roses sat on every table and petals lined the floor .
i believe it is a red flower that blooms many petals in a star shape .
she , her body , simply a map of flesh drawn by the hand of a devilwhich given its sensuous beauty , its ravaging of every profane sensibility forces him to inhale her scent , be drawn by the allure of her golden hair , gasp at the innocence of her moonstone flesh , slightly pink like crushed rose petals .
chapter 21 he wakes to a burial of flowers : hundreds of rose petals , hundreds of babys breaths , hundreds of carnations plucked , blanketing him ... he is perfumed , fragranced , honeyed , sweetenedbefore him she stands , in funereal black , missal in hand , crushing ancient latin phrases , pressing out their vinegar ... around the bed she walks , waving one of his thick cigars smoking : incensei want you to have my baby , bertha pleads with frank .
she was the rose , but he was all petals being picked , falling , fluttering up into the air upon her breath , parachuting down , safe upon the floor drawn by the gravity of her desire .
she entered , and observed the decorations , it had flowers on every table , and the bed itself was decorated with rose petals and jasmine .
` ` the only time i ' ve ever seen people lying on top of flower petals , was before they were put to rest in the ground .
but i do n't have any problems with the flower petals . ''
` ` on the night of our wedding reception , you said that you did n't want to sleep on the bed because of the flower petals , why is that ? ''
` ` anyway , i ca n't get my mind around who came up with the sick and perverse idea of putting flower petals on a bed meant for a couple who just got married . ''
` ` i 'll take durian over flower petals . ''
a sudden explosion of green covered its body with a thousand leaves and petals and growing things .
it cupped its hands together , then spread them apart to reveal a small flower with petals shaped like my face .
when etienne had gone anchille made his way to isis , who was busying her thoughts and her hands over a glass plate of petals .
violet petals turning black as night , and shriveling beneath the darkness made the two of them latch onto one another ferociously .
constance was busy picking twigs and petals from her hair .
she wanted to get down in order to reach the petals , but did nt want to put her nightgown in the water .
it translates thusly : the petals of our lives have travelled the same breeze ; depart now , mature flower , for the source ; well shade the world with the colours that we ve kept of you ; take our shades so you may enrich the mother .
i do nt know why god made roses to have so many petals , or orchids to be so delicate .
she was wearing a yellow top with flower petals forming a dress .
she wore slippers that seemed to be made of flower petals .
he smiled , and his mouth was like a tiny red petal , his eyes warm , sincere .
it was as if the huge iris of his eye was a flower with many , many petals , each one green , but different shades of green , some edged with white , some with black .
niceven licked her lips with a tiny tongue like the petal of a flower .
his eyes were truly multi - petals of green : jade , grass , shades of leaves .
i opened my eyes to find that it was raining rose petals .
the dogs capered and danced in the fall of petals .
the petals looked very pink against the blackness of doyle 's fur .
we moved always in a circle of falling petals , pink petals pale as dawn 's first blush , dark as day 's last salmon blaze , and a color deep enough to be purple .
we moved always in a circle of falling petals , pink petals pale as dawn 's first blush , dark as day 's last salmon blaze , and a color deep enough to be purple .
they fell around us , and i realized that the petals were the only living thing we passed .
it was when i heard the first laugh that i realized that there was more to the nobles being won over than simply seeing the fall of petals .
the petals rested on their great heads , then fell to the ground as they moved and snuffled at me .
` ` do you see the fall of petals ? ''
amatheon 's hair , in its tight coppery red french braids , left his face bare , but nothing could leave it unadorned , for his eyes were layered petals of red , blue , yellow , and green , like some multicolored flower .
she 'd cuddled close to his neck , hands as delicate as pale blue petals , stroking along the bareness of his ear .
the winged demi - fey were cuddled into those flowers , rolling in the petals , covering themselves with pollen .
the flower had a yellow center and five petals raised above his skin , but the stem was lost in his flesh .
their inner ring of molten gold , then a ring of pale yellow sunlight , and last , and thickest , was an orange - red , like the petals of a marigold .
at the moment , our humble little vessel resembles something of a flower with half its petals missing .
the frills at either side fanned out unenthused , crimson petals of a wilting flower that had not seen rain in a long time .
the intent flowed across the emptiness , dew across the petals of the flower .
pale - blue spears jutted out in clusters like the petals of flowers grown large on blood .
i think about playing safe and saying i do n't know , but then the boy pulls a petal from the flower and slowly places it on his outstretched tongue .
` ` giblets , '' bran repeats , stroking the hairs fondly , as if they were petals , making us all laugh again .
` ` it smells like ... '' springtime , she thought , before the heat comes and crushes the leaves into pulp and withers the petals off the flowers .
when jace opened the greenhouse door , the scent hit clary , soft as the padded blow of a cat 's paw : the rich dark smell of earth and the stronger , soapy scent of night - blooming flowers - moonflowers , white angel 's trumpet , four - o'clocks - and some she did n't recognize , like a plant bearing a star - shaped yellow blossom whose petals were medallioned with golden pollen .
it was like watching a speeded - up film of a flower blooming : the delicate green sepals opening outward , releasing the clustered petals inside .
the midnight flower was already shedding petals .
maybe start with some nachos or some texas onion petals ?
the blisters around the brand looked oddly like petals adorning the flower pentacle , and the mark throbbed steadily in time with my heartbeat .
around me , the courtyard shivered with life , wind rippling gently over leaves and petals .
their stems shone like coppery metal with a patina of green ; each leaf was a sculpted marvel , and the flowers exuded a siren smell , so that i wanted to step onto the stones and bury my face in the petals .
i wanted a good - bye kiss desperately , but i was by myself in a field of yellow flowers , the sweet wind rippling over their petals .
the wind swept over the agave blossoms , rippling the petals .
when they ... ah ... '' as his voice seemed to desert him , grier stared at the perfect petals of the flower and , as she breathed in , she caught the scent -- and then she realized she was making him stand out in the rain .
my eyes roll open to the grey sky , raven 's sapphire eyes , and a thousand wilting roses covering the ground , charred , the once soft petals now ash upon the singed grass .
i pluck a rose from my hair and run my fingers along the dried petals , fascinated with its lack of luster .
she picks up the rose , twirls it in her fingers , and dead rose petals float to the table .
blood and a thousand petals scattered across the dirt .
i run my fingers along the soft petals of the rose in my hair .
out of the corner of my eyes , a fire blazes and feathers and rose petals halo around my head .
he stares at the waterfall , stroking the petals of a fresh flower which he 's pinned to his jacket .
he 'd scoop me up , and i 'd laugh as the flower petals showered down .
[ 7 ] but the quirm clock is simply a round flower - bed , filled with twenty - four different types of flower , carefully chosen for the regularity of the opening and closing of their petals ... as susan ran past , the purple bindweed was opening and love - in - a - spin was closing .
modo had a brief vision of flames and something arcing into the sky before his vision was blotted out by a rain of beads , feathers and soft black petals .
' uh ... you see , i have to finish painting the petals on- ' ' i wish this council to be concluded by this evening .
ears opened like petals .
with big round petals . '
he thought of tiny red petals in the black depths , and read to the end of the list .
it does nothing but live and put forth petals of perfect crimson where none are there to see .
it curved back , dipped the terrified insect waist deep in the pollen of a male flower , then coiled back with whiplash speed and slam - dunked it into the embracing petals of the female .
each holding the tray with one hand , and trying to push the other man away with the spare hand , they lurched forward , leaving a trail of spilt coconut milk and petals .
a few cherry blossom petals drifted down onto wen 's head from one of the trees that grew wild along the streamlets .
a few cherry blossom petals fluttered to the ground .
he leaned down and blew the petals away from a tiny glacier .
' but carefully , ' said wen , and sighed as clodpool crashed down in a shower of petals .
above them , all the time , petals of cherry blossom fell like snow .
said lu - tze , sweeping up a few more petals .
stems and leaves and dropping petals stuck out of his fist in all directions .
there were none now ; the fragile petals had not survived even the dawn 's weak light .
the glass itself was patterned with lotus petals .
she ran her fingers through her hair and a shower of wilted petals fell out .
' showers of rose petals could be arranged , ' said vitoller .
shower of rose petals .
the door shot back and her face pressed against his , almost knocking him unconscious with the scent of rotting rose petals .
the bed was covered in pink rose petals .
the petals decorated their hair and faces , but they slept on .
the goddess covered our bed with pink rose petals .
that last deep thrust brought me one final time , and it was then that the scent of roses fell around us in a shower of pink petals that glided out to sea with the waves .
they made a pile around him like petals torn from an impatient flower .
it was a longer walk for galen and hafwyn to bring the food , but everyone helped , and no one thought it a hardship as the first petals fell onto our plates .
before we had finished breakfast we were sitting in a room full of pink and white snow formed of petals , and where the blossoms had been there was the beginning of leaves , and the barest beginnings of fruit .
rose petals began to fall from nowhere onto the bed .
rose petals fell on him , framing him in a rain of pink and white as he kissed me - a real kiss with lips big enough to do it right .
the rain of petals thickened like soft , perfumed snow except this snow was warm and silken against our bare skin .
he looked down at me and said , ` ` you 're lying in a bed of rose petals . ''
maybe it was his own glamour , or maybe it was the goddess with her fall of rose petals , but whatever the reason , he was one of the men i wanted beside me as i slept tonight .
mistral would n't share the bed with him , not even with the rose petals still on the sheets to prove that it was the goddess who had decreed that royal was supposed to be brought into a larger form .
removing her eye from the arrangement - whose roses had white petals that were outlined in crimson red - she examined my face carefully , as if looking for any hint of deceit in my response .
lucan positioned her wilting body over him , the petals of her sex opening as he breached her with the head of his cock .
he took her virginity on white satin sheets covered in rose petals .
it bloomed white - hot at the center , curling yellow petals toward the sky on a stem of black smoke .
holly - bells , the scarlet flowers just beginning to wilt , dropped petals to the floor .
blossoms with three white petals .
my eyes focus on the rose that has spread its petals overnight , filling the steamy air with its strong perfume .
all around it , i could see evidence of either marion 's or erik 's tinkering - grass just a bit greener , trees surreally gorgeous , perfect flowers spreading petals to the sun .
fallen flower petals - now wilted - still lurked in some cracks and corners .
although the separate auras of the objects which filled the storage vault had faded like the scent of flower - petals pressed between the pages of a book , they were still there beneath atropos 's stenchand at this level of perception , with all their senses exquisitely awake and attuned , it was impossible not to sense those auras and be affected by them .
` ` a beautiful blossom has joined us , her petals brilliant and unfurled in the morning sun . ''
they formed a brilliantly colored perimeter , right around where i 'd been meditating , the petals in all shapes and sizes .
it would make such a nice cash crop for developing nations , '' she answered , drifting over to fondle the petals of an elaborate gardenia - and - orchid bouquet resting atop the glass coffee table .
already it had put forth young leaves long and shapely , dark above and silver beneath , and upon its slender crown it bore one small cluster of flowers whose white petals shone like the sunlit snow .
they were shaped like upside - down bells , with long straight stalks , the petals at the top open toward the sun .
when he rejoined me i was looking at one of the red petals which had come in the casket .
his head was covered with the petals that showered on it , his sides gilded with pollen .
but if there were a wind it was not made of air , for no petal of the flowers was shaken .
they covered his face with the cool petals till he was blinded in a red sweet - smelling cloud .
around him , all over the shop , petals were falling like rain .
when she removed it , more rustic treasures fell out : ants ( most dead but three or four still able to crawl ) , the plump corpse of a honeybee , several daisy - petals of the sort you were supposed to pluck from the central flower while chanting he - loves - me , he - loves - me - not ... and a few filmy white hairs .
huge sunflowers with yellowy , fibrous stalks , brown centers , and curling , faded petals towered over everything else , like diseased turnkeys in a prison where all the inmates have died .
the flowerbeds were full of blown petals that made her think , in an instant of nightmarish recall , of what she had seen when she had gone back to the cemetery where her family was buried a month after their interment .
their inner circles were gold , like metal melted down ; the next circles were yellow , the yellow of pale sunlight ; and the last and widest circles were almost an orange - yellow like the petals of a marigold .
a blossom would get pulled too far into the writhing mass , and a shower of scarlet petals would rain down upon us .
cherry trees in full bloom lined the roads , shedding pink - white petals to the ground as the breeze rustled their leaves .
his reminded me of flower petals , soft and velvety .
i touched one of the velvety soft petals .
one moment the spell was golden and bright , the next it fell away like the petals of some great flower opening for us .
the scent of roses filled the air , and petals began to fall from the sky like pink rain .
the petals filled the chalice , and the goddess moved in my mind .
i knelt beside mistral 's still form , and dipped my fingers into the petals , but when my fingers came out they dripped with liquid , and i smelled wine .
i offered the cup with its flower petals to the lords , and they drank from it .
the petals had begun to sprout small thorny vines , roses growing in the winter cold .
flower petals began to rain down upon the bed .
not just the rose petals that sometimes fell around me , but flowers of all colors and kinds .
i knelt in the surprising softness of herbs , vines , and petals , and stared at the pillow .
the thought was solid enough to wake me , but the blanket of flower petals tucked itself under my chin , like a mother tucking you in when you are very small , and again i had that feeling that nothing could harm me .
chapter seventeen doyle lay back on the blanket of petals , all that rich , black skin against the soft pastel of it .
i sat up in the bed , the petals spilling around , as if the blanket had fallen back to being just flower petals .
i sat up in the bed , the petals spilling around , as if the blanket had fallen back to being just flower petals .
rose petals began to fall like rain , but they were not the pink and lavender that they had been before .
white petals fell around the two of us .
i raised my face to the fall of white petals , felt them hit my face like soft blows .
it was so quiet that the sound of the rose petals hitting the sand made a noise like snow falling .
the figure walked through the growing puddle of petals , the long trailing gown like some macabre wedding dress .
there was a shower of white rose petals from nowhere , coming down like perfumed snow .
i wanted to go to him , but another single pink petal fell onto the front of my coat .
a shower of rose petals blew across us , like pink snow .
there was a rain of pink petals around me and my soldiers .
i rose and there was a shower of rose petals falling from the winter sky .
galen stood above us , bathed in the rose petals , the spear in his hands , his face anguished , his clothes covered in blood .
a voice came out of the sweet fall of petals .
she held up her wet arms full of white petals and broad flat leaves .
the patterned curtains dappled him with pink petals and protected him from a rude awakening , but his rattling wheezing snores had roused his wife .
pretty petals tinged with hate , scented sweet and so to bait .
as she began folding and fluffing the fine paper into petals , she thought to herself : there 's probably a magic way to get this done much faster .
they wondered if they were still lying there.unharmed in the hall below : the spears that were made for the armies of the great king bladorthin ( long since dead ) , each had a thrice - forged head and their shafts were inlaid with cunning gold , but they were never delivered or paid for ; shields made for warriors long dead ; the great golden cup of thror , two - handed , hammered and carven with birds and flowers whose eyes and petals were of jewels ; coats of mail gilded and silvered and impenetrable ; the necklace of girion , lord of dale , made of five hundred emeralds green as grass , which he gave for the arming of his eldest son in a coat of dwarf - linked rings the like of which had never been made before , for it was wrought of pure silver to the power and strength of triple steel .
a flower slowly unfurling its petals .
they struck her just over the ear and as expensive petals rained around her she looked up at the beaming , radiant face of juliet , at the very edge of the catwalk , halfway through the motions of shouting ' duck ! '
know that her majesty , may she live forever , saw a new spring rose drop three petals in the garden today .
bair was as tough as good leather , but the other wise ones were n't exactly flower petals .
petals sprayed outward with their growth , breaking from the trees , catching in the wind and swirling through the clearing .
children played in them , throwing the petals into the air .
rand strode forward , feet leaving tracks in golden petals as he approached the entrance .
laughter from the other children turned the girl 's head , and she left him , giggling as one of the children threw an armful of petals into the air .
the flower in the top buttonhole of his jacket , which he wears in memory of bec , is drooping and has shed most of its petals .
but as i come in line with the rock and duck around it , i catch sight of the beasts , no more than several metres behind , and my glee shrivels up like the petals of a flower at the heart of a furnace .
and then beside me , i saw right in front of me tiny flowers growing in the grass , so very little i had n't noticed them before , flowers with white petals and yellow hearts .
memories of my boyhood in alexandria , of the roman processions weaving their way towards their shrines with clouds of rose petals swirling in the air and the steady beat of drums , the shiver of sistrums .
flower petals were hurled in the air .
i walked over the scattered petals where earlier many had danced .
one time we stayed in this small hotel in new orleans , one of those bed - and - breakfast hotels in the quarter , and there were orchid trees on either side of the swimming pool , actually dripping purple petals into the water , just a whole sweep of purple petals on the water , and i thought it was the loveliest thing . ''
one time we stayed in this small hotel in new orleans , one of those bed - and - breakfast hotels in the quarter , and there were orchid trees on either side of the swimming pool , actually dripping purple petals into the water , just a whole sweep of purple petals on the water , and i thought it was the loveliest thing . ''
finally she was naked and pink against him , her ni**les like petals , and the dark hair between her legs the color of smoke .
rose petals on the sheet .
he saw their faces coming clear , saw their dark shapeless clothes , knees crooked , soft booted feet on the branches , saw the impassive eyes regarding them , saw those tiny child faces like flower petals .
from out of the air it seemed flower petals were falling down on them .
petals of white and yellow and pink - rose petals , dogwood petals , the broken fragile petals of wildflowers .
petals of white and yellow and pink - rose petals , dogwood petals , the broken fragile petals of wildflowers .
petals of white and yellow and pink - rose petals , dogwood petals , the broken fragile petals of wildflowers .
petals of white and yellow and pink - rose petals , dogwood petals , the broken fragile petals of wildflowers .
` ` a little rosemary , coriander , rose petals , some cinnamon for spice . ''
the purple petals of devil 's cherry and wolfsbane added deceptively cheerful spots of color .
those celestial petals contained a triple punch of the toxins atropine , hyoscyamine , and scopolamine .
someone had sprinkled flower petals across the floor and over the bed .
she stopped to touch the soft pink petals of a brier rose , stooped to run her hands over the green velvet grass .
she paused to study the summer roses that grew alongside the midwife 's house , ran her fingertips over the petals .
the past stirs under the ashes and pokes its petals from the dust .
its pattern of pastel autumn leaves and flower petals was subtle but gave the place a palatial air .
in the window was a pyramid of potted dahlias in ten different colors ; shiny white , cinnamon red , saffron yellow , and at the top , an explosion of dark plum petals with edges dipped in guava .
the arabian nights petals were dark pink on the periphery and graduated to a striking magenta in the center .
here , she glimpsed silver droplets of moisture shining on the crimson petals of peonies .
as they walked , the young nieces scattered petals on the path in front of her .
he slouched to a vacant park bench and leisurely brushed clusters of potato chip crumbs , brown autumn leaves , and withering rose petals from the seat beside him before gesturing for malia to sit .
her slippers and jewellery were strewn carelessly about the floor , and even her tiny nosegay , once pinned to her gown , was now lying discarded amid its own broken petals on a nearby mantelpiece .
your skin is softer than the petals of a rose , he had recited to julia once from a silly poem he had written for her .
still suckling her breast , he parted the rosy petals and rubbed his thumb over her swollen bud , pushing down on it , kneading it , flicking it back and forth until her head thrashed on the bed and her heels drove into the mattress and frenzied little moans burst from her lips .
rose petals of every color pink , red , white , and cream came drifting down from the windows above , and snelling 's shouts of ` ` get back !
their fresh scent filled the room , and sarah realized that their full glory would be revealed as the heat of the day coaxed their petals to open .
a small black vase rested on the corner of nick 's desk but its pink roses were days past their prime and petals had already started to fall .
the floor was carpeted with a thick , soft rug of some oriental design , and someone had floated a handful of rose petals in the basin of water left on the washstand .
or a stagehand pulling a prank , she said gloomily , plucking wilted petals from the flowers resting in a cheap purple vase on the table .
it had been like a tragic play , their romance nipped in the bud before it could open but a few petals .
there had been rain that morning ; although the sky was now clear , droplets still clung to the petals of a white rose as i studied it intently .
there was the brown mark of rot on one of the petals : i set my mind to removing it , by this my influence over the new world could be told .
he looked down to see flower petals floating on its shimmering , oil - covered surface .
translucent petals drifted randomly atop the crests .
` ` we have cloaked you in petals of spikenard , to banish the sight of your unshaven body .
she lifted herself up in the water , rose petals patterned across her body .
then he lifted her , her body still strewn with rose petals , and carried her slowly up the marble stairs to the couch of akman .
she was floating , naked , below him , her hair streaming out across the surface of the water , tangled among the drifting rose petals .
she smiled and eased back in the water , silently toying for a moment with the rose petals drifting around her .
' those eyes fire my thoughts with promised sweetness , and those lips are like petals of the rose .
the petals of each are soft , they both open invitingly at the touch . ''
she thought they were like a fading , dying tulip blossom that becomes most beautiful just before the petals fall away .
sitting on the edge of the bed in her room in hollywood 's ambassador hotel she had again watched the tv spot for lyndon johnson in which the image of a little girl counting daisy petals turned into a countdown to an exploding atom bomb .
together they watched the flowers of the garden sway with the wind while bugs hopped amidst the petals .
last night they climbed the mountain above the city to the hollywood sign where they painted bright purple , yellow and red petals on each letter o in wood .
on her face , legs and abdomen , hanie painted red and yellow petals .
look how pretty da petals are , all curled up like puppies next to dere momma .
she s showering him with the fragrant delights of a hundred rose petals .
emma brought with her a mineral oil she had infused with rose petals .
more drops pelted the leaves and petals , ran to the ground where individual spots coalesced until the color of the sand was again uniform .
khufus lover plucked a blue lotus from a vase beside her and crushed its petals along her throat , its sweetness spilling out .
when again alone with theormi , khufu eyed her and smiled as he plucked lotus petals that he let float down onto his linen bed .
idly , he plucked its blue petals , counting each as the moment an - khi would arrive .
the god - king tugged a blue petal from theormis garland .
i found him in a dark clearing in the park , surrounded by flowers that have lost their petals .
as they moved along the road to tara , will talked on about the planting and the success with the newborn calves , and wade noticed the magnolia trees weighted down with large blossoms of soft white petals .
she had let the petals and leaves fall carelessly to the ground intent on picking them up later .
now they were gathered together , leaves and petals tidily forming what looked to be the letter v with a line struck through it .
victoria looked out over it for several long seconds , watching adrian gather more petals upon his person and horse as he continued around .
she is dead , may god have mercy on her soul , anne mumbled as she plucked off the purple petals of the flower in her hand , richard cleared his throat .
anne picked another flower and proceeded to systematically rid this one of its petals too .
anne brushed the petals from her lap when she finished , and richard said nothing .
richard played with the petals she dropped .
inside the protective petals ( called the keel in this case ) of mendel 's flowers , he found the male and female organs .
in mendel 's peas both the male and female parts are protected and covered by a special set of petals .
their delicate petals are drooping .
breathed mrs . crenshaw beneath her cumbersome cap - a faithful reproduction of lafayette 's birthplace , chateau chavaniac , which had been fashioned from hundreds of stone - colored petals .
she had a big basket of rose petals and was gaily throwing them on the road .
he could n't see the brides ' faces under the wreaths they were wearing ; there were too many people in the way , and the flowers were too big huge floppy poppies , their petals already wilting and blowzy .
the two butchers ' knives danced , flashed , laying the pig open , splaying it out , slicing flabby petals out of its sides .
she could smell the clean scent of the water that was full of rose petals .
` ` now bring to me the flower of the family , that we may inspect her petals ! ''
leaving the girl in the shop , the old man takes x into his back office , crowded with wildly eclectic junk , naive paintings , cheap orientalismo , hoodoo candles , jars of flower petals , and an ornate potbellied stove , stoked up to cherryred , suffusing waves of drowsy warmth .
it appeared to be a normal lily , its petals already turning black and wrinkled .
he looked at jan 's house , where morning glories awoke , stretching their lustrous petals to bask in the sunlight 's first touch .
each flower held five pink petals rounding into a bowl .
he reached his hand out to touch one of the blood trickle 's petals , but thought better of it , in case he might disrupt the designed chaos .
colette lowered her nose to the petals and sucked in a huge whiff .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
he left them at my door , natassia said , dreamily , her mood cheered the more she concentrated on the bright hues of the flower petals .
she took it and smiled , twirling the rose around and around in her fingers , the petals spinning wildly , like a peach explosion .
and as we drove by i could see the green grass under the trees spangled with the fallen petals .
it was her favorite dish , large and creamery white , with delicate , rose petals brushstroked onto the surface .
my eyes drop down to gaze at the flower but i jump back in horror as the petals fall off one by one .
i leap forward to catch the petals as if that will keep them on the flower .
on my knees , i cup my hands around the flower but the petals drift slowly to the ground as if the law of gravity has changed allowing the petals to sink at their own rate .
on my knees , i cup my hands around the flower but the petals drift slowly to the ground as if the law of gravity has changed allowing the petals to sink at their own rate .
blooms lost their petals ; grasses leaves , and everything that was once green , quickly turned to rot .
jessica , age 16 , was perfect for the role of abigails little sister , the one to drop rose petals upon a chapel aisle which her sister would never walk .
the roses ' petals were limp and brown .
lotus petals .
the ground beneath her was much warmer and softer than she expected , like a bed of grass and flower petals .
rose petals drifted to the grass ; their crimson forms decayed the moment they landed on the bed of blades .
a garden of white petals erupted from where he had stood .
and you , attractive flower , opens the petals of your heart for a new being and they it emerges to live of you of it , parasitic of your soul , simbionte without proper forms .
it was a tight furl of crimson petals , half the size of her fist .
as she looked up , she saw the inner petals pushing outward , as if something deep inside the flower were trying to get out .
for a second , the petals stilled .
then , slowly , a little naked creature , barely the length of magdas thumb , crawled out from beneath the petals .
her lank hairthe same mouse - brown as petersfell like petals around her face .
the garment swung loose from his front and back like long lily petals .
she was surprised to find that he held the bud of a single white rose in his hands ; its petals as delicate and fresh as if it had just been pulled from its stem .
delcie saw that inside the clear plastic bag , what first appeared to be random bits of torn paper were in fact dried and withered rose petals .
meg had scattered rose petals and gardenia blossoms across the bed and floor leading to the bathroom .
chapter 1 prepare my roommate leaves me notes on rose petals .
tonight , they read : ` ` i 'll be '' ` ` back '' ` ` very '' ` ` late '' it was a black pen on red petals .
how many rose petals would that take ?
actually , there are probably enough petals .
now to turn the petals around for my roommate and add a few .
` ` i 'll be '' ` ` back '' ` ` even '' ` ` later '' when patrick comes in , he writes , ` ` you 're lovely , '' on all the other petals littered about her pink vase , and he thrusts them over her desk and chair , singing that there 's no earthly way of knowing where we 're going or where we 're rowing .
i felt it in my hand like a flower closing its petals to the night .
the women 's skirts blew back like flower petals before they parted through the opened door .
when i entered , there were streamers and rose petals and dry ice and masks hanging about the corridors so that a million smiling faces greeted me , and an irritating array of noises thrummed my ears .
every table had a picture of the bride and groom , as well as a vase with peacock feathers and paper flowers , the petals of which were rolled pages of literature books .
i felt their petals brush against the roof and walls within .
as the last fell from my shaking hand , i watched it pierce the once pristine - white petals of the orchids now stained with my blood .
only a few hours ago the evening had seemed to hold a romantic promise like the soft petals of a delicate rose .
the rest of the puzzle came apart like the petals of a metallic flower .
one evening , hari saw some flower petals outside the front door .
for a brief second he froze but then a gust of wind blew the petals away .
as hari reached his house that evening , he noticed rose petals spread out at the entrance .
all of them were covered with blooms fifteen or twenty , at least but the church shrubs only had three or four tightly closed buds on each rose tree , the rest were the pods with a few wilted petals hanging sadly to the side , which the gardener was snipping off .
it struck me that he was a little late in pruning them since nearly all the petals were gone .
and some of the petals are torn off the pods .
i was almost she same color as the petals on the rose bushes that lined the path from the sanctuary to the other buildings .
red petals were scattered across the weed - free soil , like fat puddles of blood .
i looked closer and saw that the seed pods from about half of the few remaining roses had shreds of torn petals stuck to them .
the petals on the ground had nt fallen in the normal cycle of a blossom fading and dropping its petals , they d been torn off like skin ripped off a piece of chicken .
the petals on the ground had nt fallen in the normal cycle of a blossom fading and dropping its petals , they d been torn off like skin ripped off a piece of chicken .
well i did nt steal all the blooms and i did nt tear up those petals .
i pointed my toe at one of the torn petals .
the other petals moved slightly in the dirt beneath the shrubs , even though i could nt feel the breeze that was shifting them around .
and anyone vicious enough to tear rose petals into shreds was already disturbed .
tearing flower petals ?
i preferred to let them remain hidden , a powerful emotion living beyond the grave , but not entities that were interested in , or even capable of , plucking rose petals off a blossom and tearing them into shreds like secret notes that had been passed between lovers back when there was no texting or i m available to communicate your passionate thoughts .
nine this might sound insane , but i became so obsessed with who was tearing up those rose petals , i started up a nightly vigil .
whether spirits of deceased children strolled around church property in the dark , looking for true love , or whether living teenagers were smoking pot and taking a break to shred rose petals , i pushed my fears aside because my curiosity is stronger than my fear .
slowly the blades parted and she pressed the center joint up close to the petals of one of the rosebuds that had finally started to open .
the top pieces of the petals fell on her hands and must have floated to the ground because she kicked her foot like she was shaking something off .
she held her hands out at arms length and let the torn petals fall at her feet as well .
apparently jan did nt , because she moved to the next bloom and began the process again , first snipping off the tops of the petals , plucking some loose and tearing them to shreds , then sawing off the bloom with an inch or two of stem .
hard at work , hacking at the top edges of the petals with her scissors , jan did nt appear to shiver or even notice her hair blowing across her cheek , a few strands clinging to her lips .
all but one of the blooms and their torn petals were scattered in the dirt under the rose bushes .
jan was here in her nightgown , tearing up rose petals ?
she was hacking them off , tearing the petals , sometimes taking them home .
every day at lunch time i d unlock his storage room door , get out the pruning scissors , and snip off the blooms that were loose and floppy , their petals turning to that fabric - like texture .
i scattered the petals on the ground and threw away the stems .
for the rest of the day the tantradox lay entwined with itself upon the gradually flattening flowerbed , trampling the fragrant petals beneath their tantric intercourse .
they ingested various torrefied herbs , petals , and leaves from pornographically sculpted hookahs and syringes .
for one brief nocturnal moment the necrodelic ran blindingly through the gardens of elasvai , leaving tall grass rippling and giant leaves and flower petals stirring in the black breezes of his darkling passage .
as showers of leaves and flower petals poured down around them , the oneirophage emitted an ultrasonic hiss .
the necrodelic performed cunnilingus upon the mouthpiece of the bloodbong , and junisia 's hundredfold labia shivered and fell off , one by one , like the petals of a flower blossom , the severed lobes of flesh scattering in the currents of vermilion ichor as though along gentle breezes .
the rose petals were black splattered with splotches of red .
rose petals trailed across the floor to the centre of the room .
where there would be a table in future lay a pile of petals , bright orange ones .
she ran to the middle of the room and kicked the pile of petals , scattering them across the wood floor and sending them dancing through the air on the light breeze .
the petals were gone , not a trace of the flowers remained , except for the scent which was so strong her eyes began to water .
no more petals , just painting .
the bouquet was covered in paint and a few petals floated in the small stream of blood and paint that was creeping towards the doorway .
one morning in the not - so - distant future i will bring with a red rose , and kiss the petals that are surely as delicate as her sweet lips .
they poured a fluid that smelled like rose petals into my hair and started to work it in .
the plastic stretch wrap is peeled back from the top like wilting , translucent flower petals .
across the yard , the rose garden was colorless with only a few fallen petals scattered about the ground .
without knowing how i ' m doing any of this , i wave a hand at the glass and several pieces turn into flower petals , which drop slowly , beautifully to the floor .
i grab one of the falling petals and present it to reni .
then everybody 's cheering , clapping my back , grabbing for petals and butterflies , demanding to know how the trick was performed .
` ` that was some trick you pulled , '' leon says , sweeping up petals from the living room floor .
it spun around on the caught wing as savagely as a tetherball nearing the end of its rope , slammed into the redbrick building standing next to the bank , and disappeared in bright petals of red - orange fire .
the back of kurtz 's humvee exploded only a second later , fire lashing out from underneath in big yellow petals .
in this one the first few rose - petals had begun to appear on the water ( plus one single yellow - green tennis ball with the letters dunl visible on it ) , and an odd assortment of geegaws were heaped on deck : a tall mirror ( which , reflecting the sunset , appeared filled with blood ) , a child 's rocking horse , a steamer trunk , a pile of shoes .
petals of bone protruded through the lank foliage of his dark hair .
the perfections are sharpened the flower spreads its colored petals wide in the sun but the tongue of the bee misses them they sink back into the loam crying out cyou may call it a cry that creeps over them , a shiver as they wilt and disappear ... '' cwilliam carlos williams , paterson ` ` born down in a dead man 's town '' cbruce springsteen chapter 1 after the flood ( 1957 ) 1 the terror , which would not end for another twenty - eight years - if it ever did end - began , so far as i know or can tell , with a boat made from a sheet of newspaper floating down a gutter swollen with rain .
withered rose petals were scattered across it like an ancient bridal offering .
tomorrow the petals would be scattered all over in red and yellow flakes .
she wore red , the color of crushed velvet and rose petals .
their dead branches were a stark interlacing network in the fireglow , their small leaves scattered around their feet like fallen petals .
otherwise his body is intact - as though he will simply shrivel up and blow away as a dried husk or as the petals of the dead flowers wound through the gate .
she finished sewing one of her rose petals before she looked back at margaret .
it was a small parcel , carefully wrapped in rose petals .
on the satin crme petals of the lily had been carefully written the words louie and lulu with the shape of a heart between the two names .
they too were dressed for the occasion with red rose petals and a coronet of small flowers .
he stood up on two legs at her doorway , brooding over the door , his mouth full of yellow rose petals .
his mouth gnawing on the last bits of fresh petals .
the sweet petals lessened his aggravation .
he chomped on more of the petals from his coat pocket .
hell yeah , sparky reached into his pocket and found there were no more petals .
but just remember , me and my boys may shoot the petals off for target practice !
so , no shooting at the petals !
everyone started to take clumps from their ball and turn them into rose petals .
the last two words were whispered , soft echoes off a fractured door mirror , glass falling like sharp petals from a chrysanthemum dipped in liquid nitrogen .
the corpse even had a healthy glow to it , although this was more due to the buckets of dahlias it had fallen among , a colour palette to paint its broken features , reassembling them from petals and plastic fern stems .
she scooped it up and held it so sam would n't notice the damaged petal that threatened to fall off .
roses made it a date no matter what he said , and she had the dried petals to prove it .
had it any concept of life beyond its largest petal it would know that it had simply sprouted before anything else , as it did every year .
later , he remembered first the fragility of tiny rosebud petals , but the second memory was more significant , for underneath chandys surface he could read the machinations of calculus or geometry or some other cold science .
there was nothing he enjoyed more than caressing the tender petals of his little , delicate friends .
twirling the fragile stem , i examined the withered petals .
i stared at the petals , blindingly white , smooth , and strong .
on the night of the party , mister albert carefully spread his rats like rose petals at the balcony door , and waited for spat in the kitchen for some minutes until she emerged from the living room for another tray of canaps .
the two elegant maids , lavia and lidia , about thirty years of age , led clarity into a fresh room scented with white rose petals .
i was taking notes , we were all naked , it was not only fun , penelope knows what she s doing with her pleasure , she knows where to touch exactly , she found my rosebud , and it was nt where i thought it was , its not right above our petals . ''
as she lied on the bed , a stream of hundreds of pink rose petals fell on the bed from the ceiling .
you know , beas the type of girl who runs her fingers across flowers petals as she walks by .
the soft aroma of the serene petals wafted in her nose .
the tables were covered in white cloths ; rows of forks , spoons , and knives spread like petals on either side of a series of plates stacked one on top of the other ; largest on the bottom , smallest on the top .
so 5 rose petals in this empty fizzy pop bottle .
by the time he reached his second tester , his confidence was dwindling in this particular idea , and annes caring retort of well its probably a better idea than mix tapes , but it does smell like rotten rose petals in stagnant water .
his perfume empire that never quite made it past start up phase , when he used to stew rose petals in water .
* * * * chapter 10 petals from heaven jessie ordered her cap and gown and announcements for her upcoming high school graduation today .
she had brought two packages of pink silk rose petals and was wearing her strawberry ice cream pink tutu , a pair of sequined angel wings , ballet shoes , and long , pink silk ribbons in her hair .
abby handed rebecca and i each a bag of rose petals .
you re the angels and you get to shower me with magic petals while i dance .
rebecca and i tossed the petals into the air and watched them loft lazily over abby as she danced and sang .
take these petals now , my friend which drift upon the quiet wind .
think of god when petals fall listen close as angels call .
you can shower me with rose petals .
i looked up and abby was tossing the petals over the balcony railing , held tight in vivians arms .
her sweet song drifted nearly as quietly as the rose petals on the breeze .
i stopped crying then as more petals rained down on me and started to laugh as abby started to giggle ; a sound ill never forget .
they had the same curiosity and love of ice cream , the same curly brown hair and brown eyes , and the same ability to melt my heart with a simple gesture like a handful of rose petals , helping me to see that life truly is beautiful and in it lies everlasting hope .
she looked down at scafarel below the waist and felt as though the business woman had a flower , a hibiscus or calla lilly between her legs , with sepals , petals , style , and stigma .
carefully , she reached for a small bottle on the table and pressed a few drops of liquid on the petals of the white rose , as it levitated .
` ` get naked and ill show you how to reach multiple orgasm simply by thinking about the four petals of the holy flower , in the body . ''
she looked at the rose of levity that jenny owens was contemplating , how the girl was taking a close look at the petals , and looking for water .
and so about a half hour later the lights got dim and this queer egyptian music started playing , and these harlots in what was supposed to pass for egypt girl clothing come down the aisle and start throwing rose petals around them .
the petals twirled in the air like turbulent snow .
in the movies you ll sometimes see a lady in a bathtub with flower petals floating around her while she calls her friends just to talk .
i giggled a little , like i was in a bath surrounded by flower petals .
connor loved the feel of kristin 's skin which was as soft as frangipani petals .
brad turned his head , foot still pressed on the gas petal , ` ` hang in there , buddy .
down the aisle came a duo of miniature children , scattering rose petals .
during summer months , blades of grass and delicate flower petals barely have enough time to realize they were allotted a tiny sip of moisture before the sun is chasing it away .
you know , contrary to what people think , with their petals being all delicate , roses grow like weeds .
we ate his preparationi ca n't even remember what it wasand he talked of how the roses were losing some petals and they needed special fertilizer that he would purchase the next day .
then they closed each of their many petals until they were all tightly shut .
let 's just get back to the tulip growing , its stem getting taller and thicker and its flower getting bigger and redder , the petals stretching with the sound of silk curtains rubbing against each other -- and never mind your parents ' pants ripping !
its branches flailed everywhere , the blossom petals that functioned as the now red and streaming eye - fruit 's eyelids blinked furiously , and it stumbled drunkenly around .
superkid snatched up the dandelion 's petals in both hands and yanked .
then , as an experiment , superkid tugged the petals with his left hand .
superkid then tugged the petals in his right hand , which sent the monstrous weed to the right .
and when he tugged the petals in both hands care to guess ?
the golden petals were curling into the dandelion 's face .
the petals suddenly blew outward .
as pretty as he d have imagined shed be , but her petals were still furled .
if someone held a shotgun packed with rose petals and novocaine to his forehead and pulled the trigger , the effect would have been exactly the same .
his eyelids were like flower petals in the sun ; this was not a matter of free will .
i could envision them locked away in the room we once shared , rolling around on a ridiculous heap of rose petals , existing on nothing but expensive champagne , exquisite candlelight , and eminent sighs of love .
mourning apollo approaches zeus ( or jupiter ) and together they transform the blood into a flower ( named hyacinth , latinised as jacinth ) the petals of which are inscribed with the letters ai ( or ' woe ' ) .
the flesh is mortified , the skin just embarrassed for those of you who are still young and pretty , know that at some point that ends ; the bloom is off the rose , the petals fall , the sweet smells sour and you re left with thorns and a hard , dry , tasteless fruit .
i suddenly wonder where the petals will be stored in my skimpy outfit .
i leave the rest of my branches and head dress safely covered over in the plastic sheeting for protection , since i do not want to lose any of the precious pink petals until the right moment when i will move gracefully in the pretend wind and sprinkle a plethora of them all around me .
so alison led me back inside and popped my dry head dress on along with my branches and when my piece of serene music played out , i swayed gently and sprinkled some petals as gracefully as i could in time with the classical tune .
she puts the flowers in water , but they are upside down , petals soggy , stems in the air .
jerian 's fatigue washed the colour from his skin - but it was warm , the air moist , insects stirring in its embrace as the day nipped back the overlapping shades of plant fronds , green and brown here and there splashed with raw colour , red and blue , violet and orange blossoms , fruits , dangling petals like dogs ' exhausted tongues , the marsh an environment distinct within borders of fern and alder .
jerian watched as flowers burst through the tumbled soil and stretched , unfolding leaves and fronds , petals in every shade to compliment the green of the meadow .
jamie lay on a blanket asleep and rosie , with the hem of her long , full skirt in her hand to make a sack , collected petals of wildflowers all over the hillside and then she stood over jamie and let her skirt fall , and all the petals of wild roses and laurel blossoms fell , burying jamie in softness and scent .
jamie lay on a blanket asleep and rosie , with the hem of her long , full skirt in her hand to make a sack , collected petals of wildflowers all over the hillside and then she stood over jamie and let her skirt fall , and all the petals of wild roses and laurel blossoms fell , burying jamie in softness and scent .
ishmael loved every petal of every rose .
after the first soft snow fall maggie alice saw with childlike delight that a rose had finally blossomed on the most ancient of the two rose bushes , small and solitary but exquisitely formed with velvety petals as deep a dark red as blood .
absently plucking at the petals , she said , what do you mean ?
at will , lauren could make her gums bleed , and once , during recess , perry stood at the fringe of ten excited children watching as her milky white teeth turned the colour of rose petals .
he took the plant from her and found himself back in the crowd , carrying the plant like an infant , close to his chest , his eyes nowhere beyond its small petals .
a young girl with ravenhair and eyes the color of its violet petals took the flower in her hands , cupped it , enough soil for it to stand , to live , she breathed onto it , the smell of rain grafted into his nostrils , expelling the effluvium of bodies and embers , and it was in his hands and the crowd was behind him , the fire off to the east and north and west and north .
he turned back to the plant and smiled , put a finger to its petals , warm , burning like ice , caustic .
* * * he did not sleep that night but watched the fire burn without and the petals shine within .
* * * the sulphuric air stung his eyes and nostrils but he shuffled along carrying a petal from his plant .
the ash and sulphur and smoke wore through him and he collapsed only to place the petal on the stone .
he heaved , dry and painful , until a petal was in his mouth , then another and another , and a stem , and the wings of thousands of butterflies grazed every millimeter of his millennial skin .
the petals brighter , its light stronger .
petals across the floor , strewn about as if torn and kicked but the flower unwilted , not wavering in the heat .
he touched the petals , carefully , an index to one and it sizzled out of existence beneath his finger .
the petals gone , scorched into the fake wood of his apartment .
he stuck fingers down his throat and wretched until the stems and leaves and petals fell from his mouth in a pile of purple bile .
of petals in the rain , whispered syllables , lover 's sweat , living memories and burning pasts .
he watched the sun sink into the ocean then rise again bloomed like rose petals and then back through the horizon leaving the stains of lilac wine on the moon peering through the atmosphere , a constant dance between sister lights , the retreat of moon , the emergence of sun , a celestial ballet .
you feel the moving petals of this flower that bring vibrations to your whole body , to all the space around you , radiating love and harmony to the world .
finally , the more you take care of it and glorify this love , the more you feel that this flower expands and tightly surrounds your body with its petals , and you stand inside of the huge lotus .
when you reach the stage when lotus petals surround you from all sides , you feel two flowers .
the lotus flower has twenty - two to thirty petals , faintly pink at the foundation and bright at the top , located spirally around the seminal box .
so , when this power field of good expands in you , then you start to feel a kind of multi - layer of petals .
for this purpose , it is enough for him to be in a special state of consciousness and to wave the petal of lotus , a special ritual sword somewhat similar to a short turkish saber .
and i felt so nice and cozy , as if someone had wrapped me up with soft petals .
the horsemans attention was caught by a modest forget - me - not with five sky - blue petals .
i noticed it just before taking a sip , floating on top of the murky liquid , its wings like two blossom petals , smooth as silk .
draw deep the fecund yeast that will raise up petals of every shape and hue .
the most mundane actbillions and billions of seeds turned into millions of acres of wheatand the most exoticin less than ninety days , a hard black dot , smaller than a poppy seed , turn into a five foot cleome with dangling pods , ten inch blossoms of wands and petals , thorns , a strange smellwere miracles that had been too small or too big ever to have been much noticed by her .
the calla lilies slipped off the back , their petals striking the floor with a thunderous sound .
she kissed the petals of the remaining roses and distributed them between the two other graves nearby .
the rose bushes were in full bloom , laden with buds full of red and white petals and dark green foliage .
unsettled one , let not ye pride guide thou as a aimless dart toward the caverns of chaos beneath my naked toes , for the scorned lover often knows it from the start , because pure affection withheld always doth show the withered petals of loves neglected flowers never settles amidst a woeful wind that blows .
such incredibly beautiful flowers , thought miles , trying to distract himself from the sickness that was besieging him as he examined the little petals that wound prettily throughout the little girls hair .
he pointed at the smeared petals and broken stems .
petals from a yellow rose were pressed between the pages , staining her thoughts with a colorful rorschach test .
trapped between his fingers was the pressed petal of a yellow rose .
on the carousels second rotation , the boy with the mara card flipped it upside down to display a hand - drawn daisy with petals that filled the page .
on the ground , laying between a blanket of yellow rose petals , were two halves of a broken tiara .
one by one he released the petals into the abyss , watching them cascading down into the slimy dark .
there was a red plastic petal caught in a fold of his coat ; the wind caught it and swept it away , out across the gorge , out over the trees .
molly sat at her left , plucking the petals one by one from a wild flower .
we are born fresh and lively yet we wither in an instant , the beauty of youth fading and becoming dry and insubstantial , like rotting petals falling from a flower long past its bloom .
among the petals from the wilting flowers the nice woman who said bill , bill , oh bill , had brought .
bill thought this was funny and was laughing at her from the walls and from the ceilings , reaching for her , talons growing out of the wallpaper flowers , murderous petals .
i also bought her some flowers , a great big expensive bunch of perfect roses , their petals an unusual orange , like flames .
later that day , i found the prints i wanted to buy her , large fantastical flowers , coloured , but not too brightly , opening strange petals invitingly .
these individualsall enlightened souls in the eyes of asokaexplored the land together , murmuring amongst themselves wondrously as they beheld its many exquisite splendors : whether in the mist of the waterfall that plunged from between two rocky cliffs of the mountains down to form the river below , or in the delicate spindly petals of the vociferous findepuhlwhich treated the ears to the most joyous chime - like melody as the wind bristled through and its hollow cylindrical petals clanked together gently to give way to a sweet ethereal tune that dispersed in air like seeds of a dandelion .
these individualsall enlightened souls in the eyes of asokaexplored the land together , murmuring amongst themselves wondrously as they beheld its many exquisite splendors : whether in the mist of the waterfall that plunged from between two rocky cliffs of the mountains down to form the river below , or in the delicate spindly petals of the vociferous findepuhlwhich treated the ears to the most joyous chime - like melody as the wind bristled through and its hollow cylindrical petals clanked together gently to give way to a sweet ethereal tune that dispersed in air like seeds of a dandelion .
i could hear madhuris voice again , reading to me by the watery light of a candle , sitting on her small stool by my bed , me under the cover , eyes wide and staring at the ceiling , seeing nothing of the room , seeing only the story as it unfolded in madhuris beautiful sky of a voice , breathing trees and rivers and kings and princesses and battles so clearly that i could hear the men shout and could almost feel the cuts of swords , so clearly that i could smell the lotus petals as they fell from the exquisite hands of maidens onto clear pool water in preparation for lord krishnas bath .
shannon walks down the center of the square tossing rose petals everywhere .
~ its a wonderful life : zuzus petals !
the trees were depositing pink flower petals and orange and brown leaves upon the grass and pathways .
i admire it when i have time to visit , watching it sway and scatter its gorgeous , bright red petals throughout every season over the final resting place of the wonderful , fantastic , goodly mr . dawsley .
beautiful girls in the barest of costumes danced before the soldiers , they carried woven baskets filled with petals from exotic plants .
the girls threw the petals high into the air to settle at the feet of the spaniards whose heavy boots trampled them into the dirt and released the delicate scents they stored .
she wore a tight - fitting violet coat made from violet petals , nothing underneath .
adding rose petals to your shampoo , or rosemary for breast health ; eat and drink lots of pineapple and sesame seeds ; and a sesame oil massage works well .
` ` the crews themselves often give the initial impression of flowers , for with their brilliant robes and exquisite headdresses they look not unlike the individual petals of an elaborate tropical plant or feathers constituting the plumage of a very rare and exotic bird . ''
the wind played with evelyns hair as she squinted into the wind and the setting sun , staring at the gravestone as her fingers brushed back and forth through the petals of flowers we d brought .
when i finally was ushered into mr . quillmeiers presence i found myself in an office not much larger than the waiting room , papers on every surface , the walls decorated with more book jacket blow - ups ( mr . anthonys reproductive organs , flowers and petals , the scamps dog ) and along every wall stacks of books , about a hundred copies of each title .
i thought , flowers and petals ?
there was a gentleness , as of flower petals blooming to the sunlit world , that shaped the propinquities between young people who were discovering love , and their own entry into newer maturities .
... in the middle of their island was a magnificent lake where water lilies of five colours bloomed in the morning and folded their petals to sleep at sunset , and five nocturnal lotuses of different hues would open to the moonlight ... and this vast lake which was almost an ocean , had at its middle an islet on which no one of the four nations had ever set foot ...
this regal creature was to swallow the gemstone and no sooner then was to exit the inferno with the tide sweeping out ... jaliya narrates to rachana how the naga princess after being bathed in the pulp of blue lotus petals and white sandalwood took the form of a sapphire skinned serpent .
she moved across the room to study one bunch of the fiery red blossoms on an end table while her attendant went on dusting , and constances fingers reached out toward the petals of one , and stopped .
waving grasses and flowers fill the valley within , delicate petals playing upon the breeze like an underwater ballet , genuflecting to grand stands of trees , some tall and straight like rain , others squat with twisting branches reaching and turning in every direction as if stretching to reach itching backs .
shed watched , over the last few days , as the petals dropped one by one , falling to the striped damask tablecloth .
all saved in a word document called d. belinda did nt gather the petals as they dropped , but let them lie in rubbery curls .
she yanked them from their crystal vase and carried all twenty - four flowers , stems dripping , petals falling , to the stainless steel bucket on the counter .
rising just enough to clear the lip of the central ceramic pot the ball burst into the flowering display and sent a shower of red petals into the air .
pastel coloured flowers poked their perfectly formed petals through every gap making it difficult to tell the blackberries from the lantana .
the last thing he recognized before blacking out was the bouquet of roses , crushed and trampled , stray petals like blood splattered across the shiny floor .
directly above his head , a raucous collection of jays was feasting on clumps of wine - colored berries scattered among the porcelain petals , while thirty feet away in the trellised rose garden , a middle - aged woman sat on the same bench he had recently abandoned , a familiar , moss green volume with a cracked spine resting on her lap .
` ` a slurry of twigs , leaves and flower petals are added to the moist pulp so that , when it dries , the paper has an organic , three - dimensional quality . ''
the aroma of rose petals continued to permeate my senses , fusing with the stench of my sweat , and it all reminded me of us of my sticky palms pressed against her hips , of her lustful gasps .
her mouth turned to mercury , to geranium petals .
and when she could nt help it , her voice rose into her throat in a soft moan that rose in the silence , rose in her breathing , rose in her blood , wet heavy petals fluttering in the cool night air .
when they kissed , it was warm , wet flower petals giving , and the press of their long , lovely bodies , soft and hard , burning into their minds .
the beads are made of ground up rose petals .
the pale peaches with the deep red blush came dripping warm from the water , and one by one , they turned in her fingers as the skin fell away like wet petals , leaving a slippery wet beautiful white ball in lauras hands .
the conclusion of this wandering narrative came in such a deliberate manner as would befit the closing of an act in a play , or some otherwise lofty exposition in a piece of literary drivel by a self - important writer with a warped acuity with respect to the mundane , who , in his myopic orchestrations of reason , sought to instill what should have been an uninspiring fate with imagery that spoke to its hidden magnanimity as though its protagonist were the benevolent and unwitting victor of a negligible battle recognized only by those sensitive enough and blessed with enough skillful virtue to encompass its high - minded attributes in an artistic framework ; it was as a consequence of this that the serf fell under the weight of what seemed the instinctive pressure to cast his eyes mindfully upon a nearby patch of lilies , which were veiled by spun - web layers intersecting three - dimensionally like netted planes ; the legs of a spider dangled prominently from behind one petal of a flower as this calculating predator lay restlessly in wait for its pollen - seeking prey to ensnare itself in this intricately - woven trap ; enraptured by this glorious feat of architecture , yet dismayed by the cruel necessity built into the foundations of its sublime structure , the now - disheartened protagonist looked dramatically to the disingenuous sky , which had misled him to thinking , in the purest beaming of aspirations , that the pursuit of beauty and the drives of instinctual necessity were , in fact , mutually exclusive , and he shook his fist , cursing infinity before finally murmuring to himself spitefully , to what lengths of treachery must i , too , extend myself that i might live to see another day of this ?
a deadly flower blooms at the mouth of a cave : petals glowing in the rays of moonlight ; stems and roots exist elsewhere in ambiguated darkness .
seemingly overnight , all of the furniture in her private quarters had found itself either painted red or replaced altogether , the headboard of her bed was encrusted with rubies , and her daily bathwater was mixed with crimson salts and sprinkled with scarlet rose petals .
after traversing the mountains , they came upon a hilly field dotted with red violets , the petals of which the rat man started rubbing vigorously against his furthis scent together with the fear pheromones seemed to have a psychotropic effect on narciss and he immediately passed out .
meanwhile , rat man miyazaki squeaked exuberantly at the sight of the red violets , whose petals he immediately scrubbed against his fur .
the bedspread and frame were of the same pink frills as the armchair and atop it were pink rose petals and the same velvet cushions as had adorned the chair .
surrounding the base of the statue were more rose petals , along with an assortment of perfume bottles , and prophylactic devices .
when one had a garden , one had to weed it , and rake the dead leaves , and clean up all the fallen petals after the flowers bloomed and died .
curly chrome petals , rusted nail stamens .
in the center sat a matching vase , holding five stems of red stars , a cheerful flower with six delicate and bright pink petals .
further down the trail a profusion of hollyhock , their ivory petals stained with purple bleeding toward the edges , spilled over a granite ledge .
as they were passing out , before they died of lack of oxygen , they heard the bear say to what seemed to them to be both of them but may have been only one of them , you have intricacies of your personality that are endless mysteries , as if the sky was made of tens of thousands of different flower petals , which i could discover one color and shape at a time .
one early moment had been burned into his life a moment full of july sunshine and large pink roses shedding petals on a grassy court enclosed on three sides by a gothic cloister .
but at this moment on the grass among the rose - petals , daniel deronda was making a first acquaintance with grief .
on their re - entering the garden , they all paused in that cloistered court where , among the falling rose - petals thirteen years before , we saw a boy becoming acquainted with his first sorrow .
dazed , my feet shuffled through a carpet of red petals several inches thick .
thousands upon thousands of petals had been littered across the pavement until it was nearly invisible trailing all the way down the road from the steps of the high temple , like a river of blood .
then its petals morphed into the famous self - portrait of van gogh smoking a pipe .
it had webbed petals , in that it looked like each petal was connected to the other petals in the way that made it look like a crinoline skirt instead of one folded flower .
it had webbed petals , in that it looked like each petal was connected to the other petals in the way that made it look like a crinoline skirt instead of one folded flower .
and engage in thrown away petals .
... all the boys are in collective capture and rapture , for lily is gossamer lace upon her shoulders , sinuous shawl gliding , revealing the faintest of pearl - dew upon her breasts , holding her , cupping her , every man feeling his hands cupping her , and they float away as she turns and the amazement of her breasts is not that they are exceptionally beautiful or distinctly physical but that they are gifts - delicate : intricate , elegant : fragile lace : hand - crochet : falling like sun - shower snow , a slight fluttering fall ; breasts are her name - sake flower , ivory petals : belles with roseate berries : blossoms all of a sudden , no longer captive , yet only free because each boy is shouting her name , lily !
a bee inside the flower floated upward out of it ; the flowers petals felt silky and dreamily insubstantialbut still very real .
white ones , like roses , with waxy petals , she explained .
she bound three rose petals to the scroll with a strand of her hair then tied it to the crossbar of joshs bike .
there was enough life in the rose petals to hold magic for months so she had to be careful to confine her touch - me - not spell to everyone but josh .
it might convince him magic was real if the rose petals zapped him , but she wanted him to read the message .
the roses formed beautiful buds , but instead of blooming , the petals invariably exploded and fell to the ground like trash .
her mouth tasted like cigarettes and beer , and everything else tasted like bourbon , even her pussywhich got in front of my face somehowand the buds of her nipples , which were the dark , red - brown color of dried rose petals .
he scraped some away to reveal the image of a pansy with pink and purple petals and a dark green stem .
a bee must feel like this as he immerses himself within the flower head , making love to the petals , muzzling the stamens , snorting the pollen , buzzing contentedly .
blood spread all over the white petals , darkening them .
i picked one and held it beneath my nose , breathing in the heavy , sweet fragrance that i loved , enjoying the touch of the delicate petals against my skin .
the sweet scent of roses greeted me as i rounded the end of the house and i stopped to press my nose into one of the flowers , the petals , soft and smooth against my skin .
the petals fell away at my touch and i saw the hardened nubs pushing through .
in the flowerbeds beside the house a few late roses shed beaten petals , their final act before winter .
they had no explanation as to why the petals had blown off of all the delicate blossoms , as if they too had exploded along with the vase , but i had one .
she fished the errant petals out of the bubbling fountain , and gave the brass fish that leapt out of the splashing water a quick polish .
he held my hand and wove me through the orchard as the morning dew glistened on the pink petals of the trees .
the rose arbor sagged under the weight of heritage blossoms and their petals littered the flagstone walk .
i walked down the hall past huge grecian urns and flower arrangements that had gone south , their petals forming a carpet on the beautiful marquetry floors .
he bent down and gently touched one of the rose petals .
she traced the edges of the orchid 's pale violet petals with her index finger .
she laid out her paints and mixed delicate hues , cream , pink , violet , lavender , pale fuchsia , and used these to model the elegant petals .
delicate tissue petals set against vicious spikes .
it really was quite a sight , with the delicate white petals over the sea of darker green .
every time i closed my eyes , i saw the blood trailing through the gravel and dappled over the green leaves and white petals of the roses .
as if applying a yellow petal to one of the sunflowers , he reached out with an imaginary brush .
leaving milpitas , clay pushes his foot heavy against the gas petal , but they 're staying close on his tail .
years ago , katy , when her father was nt watching , had painted large black flowers with yellow petals on each door .
in front of him were painted in white the words black - eyed susan and beside them the drawing of a flower with a black hub and yellow petals .
he looked down to the white petals floating alongside the boat .
she was prepared for a standoff ( anyone walking in at that moment would think that there was something far more serious at stake than possession of a beribboned basket containing several handfuls of petals that had been torn from their flowers of origin ) .
this left each woman with a free hand with which to actually toss the petals ( the goal , of course , of being the flower girl ) , so that part worked out well .
they even forwent looking at each other and instead spent their time smiling happily at the crowd with occasional waves given between tossing handfuls of petals .
the important thing being that the petals got scattered down the aisle ( and there were no bloodshed level injuries either induced or received by the ones doing the scattering ) .
the image resembled the dark wing of a butterfly resting on a darker petal of a flower , but she could not be sure .
your perfume of vanilla and rose petals is very nice , stands and stares at her .
it stinks of rotten petals and i loathe food prepared with it .
he touches the rose to her lips for a second tip down her chin then sails it onto her chest between the breasts as the petals tickle both her pleasure and amusement .
he shifts the rose between her rib cage down to her waist then tries to poke the soft petal in her outie belly button as she giggles .
a very important play in getting your flower petals open for my little guy , kisses her nose , before you enjoy my fucking pleasure , sweetheart .
then he kisses her lips with his soft petals of man - flesh .
she threw her hands in the air , the petals of the flower held their own .
it exuded and flowed like rose petals meandering down a sunlit river .
peeling it back in ragged petals released the rich scent of citrus oil , made bitterer when she meticulously scraped the pith off the membrane .
the wind snapped the dry stems and tore the dried petals from the flowers sending them swirling high into the night sky .
she stood next to the hunter - green bushes , picking petals from a daisy .
she wordlessly plucked the remaining petals from the stem , and then carelessly threw it into the dark bush .
then he crushed the rose , letting the mangled petals blow away in the strong wind .
olivia , in a white dress , black patent leather slippers , and white sox with little ruffles around the ankles started up the aisle with her basket of flowers , tossing pink rose petals onto the white runner with a flourish .
when the petals fall off , a bulbous seedpod is exposed .
it was designed to look like a flower , the petals formed of pinkish opals , the center a pearl circled by tiny diamond chips .
she was holding a huge bouquet of red roses decorated with pearls in between their velvet petals .
i gaped at the rich burgundy color and the exquisite perfection of the petals .
white petals flutter by her side , but her back blocks whatever 's in front of her .
she grunts a little , and more petals burst .
` ` what ... '' red petals decorate the bedroom floor while burning candles flicker on the dresser and nightstand .
the little card sticks out from the sea of petals .
the aisle was littered with dark red rose petals and a shower of gold flecks that reflected off the ebbing sunlight .
they walked across the rose petals , and she was careful to keep her balance .
the table linens were topped with ornate silverware , and rose petals lined her plate .
hundreds of candles illuminated the beautiful space with tiny flickering lights , and a trail of rose petals led her farther inside .
she followed the trail of rose petals to the couch which overlooked the river below .
they fell back onto the couch , crushing the rose petals underneath them .
plucking through the arrangement , i run my finger first over a silky white petal , then a velvety purple one .
he thought for a long moment , touching a petal of a blooming blue girl .
today 's rose was a delicate white on the inside and a dark pink at the edges of the petals .
he 'd write pages back to her , describing how he 'd like to lay her down under the trees , spread her petals wide , and lick her nectar clean .
` ` good god , these two are horny little buggers , '' she muttered to herself , reading yet another description of ben licking at lula 's perfect feminine petals .
how you 'd rip my clothing away and bury your face into my feminine petals , determined to make me cry out with delight .
` ` bury my face into your feminine petals . ''
` ` the petals are like velvet , the color a deep red like your hair , and no other rose that i own smells sweeter . ''
he ignored her lack of enthusiasm , still stroking the soft petals of the red papa meilland rose in a way that made her panties damp .
i 'll have to take one of the blue girl roses - that 's the one you liked - that 's budding and force it open- '' ` ` pollination , experimentation , and forcing petals ?
she recognized the dark , velvety petals and her body flushed , remembering yesterday in the greenhouse .
sure enough , her small , hot pink flash drive was sitting in a puddle of flower petals and water .
he pushed his tongue through her wet petals , flicking it against her clitoris .
she remembered his long fingers caressing the petals of a flower and the way he 'd smiled as if it were something new and joyous to him to be happy .
gretchen dragged her fingertips across the bud of the rose , feeling the soft petals and smiling .
rose petals covered the bed , and a trail went into the bathroom .
i watched as kate took off down the sidewalk , skipping and dropping white and red rose petals along the way .
the silken petals were edged with brown decay .
my fingertips trailed over one of the daisy 's petals , soft and white .
how could the random distribution of petals in a flower , whether even or odd , predict love ?
the shards tinkled as they fell into the garbage , and the few rose petals that had fallen off refracted red through the shiny fragments .
he touched one of the red roses and pulled off one of the petals , rubbing it absentmindedly between his fingers .
the bud had just started to blossom , its petals slightly revealed at the sides .
the pools of the baths were filled with white rose petals floating on the top of the water .
the water glinted in the torchlight where the petals separated .
the white rose petals were turning red , the color spreading outward from my feet .
my hand trailed through the rose petals and everywhere i touched the white petals turned a dark , dark red .
my hand trailed through the rose petals and everywhere i touched the white petals turned a dark , dark red .
this was as deep as the baths went , but as i looked forward and saw the white petals transforming , turning red , panic seized me .
i caught my balance , my arms spread out in the rose petals which were now almost all red .
my hands splashed the rose petals as i spun around to hold onto him .
the bathwater around me had turned to blood , the rose petals awash in dark scarlet .
hands thrashing , i tried to move backwards , to get out of the baths , but the steps seemed no nearer as i splashed through the red petals .
opening my petals softly .
most of them were roses , but some people brought bouquets of other flowers , silken orchids and white lilies with their flat round petals .
petals tumbled down into the grave , and some whole flowers .
staring at that flower , the pink petals curling at the ends as the life bled out of it , helped me make my decision .
i run my finger over one of the soft flower petals .
her life had been a beautiful flower , with thousands of bright petals .
those petals withered away and were scattered by the wind , until there was one else left .
he was freshly - showered and wearing the shirt i 'd gotten him for our one month anniversary , and standing in front of my door holding a bouquet of yellow roses that still had moisture on the petals from the florist .
i 'd taken great pleasure in tearing off each individual petal .
i can feel us moving , feel my petals stretching from his thickness , feel the moisture slicking us both , and then my fingers join his at my cl*t and we 're stimulating me together .
it 's like coaxing open the petals of a flower .
there was a bottle of champagne and even rose petals . ''
on the bed were rose petals in the shape of a massive heart , and above the heart , spelled out in hershey 's kisses , were two words .
there was a letter lying on the rose petals , as if rachel had n't bothered to fold it back up , and i grabbed at it .
` ` yes , i am quite aware of the concept , '' he says and then licks me again , dragging his tongue between my wet petals .
surrounding the white petals were riotous red curls that were even more out of control than i remember .
my whole body seemed to bloom at his touch , like my heart expanded and my ribs had to unfold like petals to make room .
most of the time we fought with dagger and claw , and yet in that moment , the intensity simmered to flowers and petals .
the first in full bloom for the full life he had lived , the second wilted , though still bright with petals falling from it for the loss of his life cut so short , and the third a closed rosebud signifying the life events he would miss not being here , his children growing , falling in love , starting families of their own .
the sight of him sitting in the cab in that suit on this spot where we first met- my heartbeat skittered to a stop as i finally processed the intensity in his gaze and the fact that the floor of the cab he was sitting in was strewn with dark red rose petals .
there was no cab , no rose petals , no nosy cabdriver grinning at us in the rearview mirror , no traffic going by ... nothing but braden and a ring box that symbolized so much to me .
the fabric melted to the curves of her hand , as soft as rose petals .
white rose petals cover the floor .
we walk across the rose petals to the table .
my toes play with the petals beneath the table as we talk .
it flowed around me like petals on a flower .
he watched a long line of men crush her like a gentle flower under their heels until there was nothing left but a few stray petals .
scattered on the dark stonework , were thousands of antique rose petals .
i take in the black and purple candles on the table and the flower petals scattered on the white table clothes that layer each of the eight tables .
lila scoops up a handful of petals and sprinkles them back onto the tablecloth .
adrenaline consumes my body and i fidget with the petals on the violet flowers , mentally telling myself to stay calm as dean and caroline read their vows .
as they walk down the aisle , people throw rose petals at them from the baskets placed in front of each chair .
lila collects a handful and joins in , throwing petals in the air .
the crowd moves across the yard to the back deck of the house , where another canopy is set up over tables decorated with rose petals and candles .
the bed is decorated with rose petals , there are chiffon curtains enclosing the elegant four - poster bed , and soft music flows in the background .
the drawing is of this vase with a single rose inside it and the petals are cracked and wilting , piling up around the bottom .
they sprinkled rose petals all over the snow , which i can barely see now because of the fresh layer of snowflakes on top of them .
red rose petals are all over the floor and bed .
i ' m nak*d and standing on rose petals in front of the bathroom door .
rose petals were scattered on top of the black satin sheets , trailing off onto the floor .
there was a sense of closure and peace that settled over us , like the tiny white petals that were flying through the air , swept in by the afternoon breeze .
` ` i ' m not really the rose petals - on - the - bed kind of guy . ''
in the sunshine and falling petals , i could almost believe the lie .
i wandered off the path , traipsing through the fallen petals and grass to a tree in the corner of the park .
the flower closest to me crooks a petal at me and beckons me forward .
the daisy is colorful and pretty , but withdrawn with its petals submissively lying down , and it 's leaning toward the shaft of sunlight .
but at the base of the daisy , maggie lays with her head balanced on the lower petals , just like she used to balance it on my knee .
flowers were in bloom along the berms that i could see from the solitude of my car , petals open in welcome to the moisture .
kellan had taken bright red rose petals and scattered them over the floor and on top of the bed .
over the top of the red petals , kellan had carefully placed a layer of white petals .
over the top of the red petals , kellan had carefully placed a layer of white petals .
those petals formed a heart , and on the inside of the heart was a box .
i slipped off my sandals as we walked so i could feel the silky petals under my toes .
lips parted , his hooded eyes scoured my body as i sat on a sea of petals .
velveteen petals stuck to my skin as i reached out for him .
he teased my body right to the edge of release , right to the point where i was panting and clutching at pillows , and petals were sticking to every section of my damp skin .
his skin was just as moist as mine , and somehow stray petals had found their way to his back .
kellan chuckled , and we languidly kissed as we cuddled , both of us now covered in stray petals .
as i stroked the silky petal , i smiled at the words written with a fine - tipped sharpie .
i was n't sure where he was getting the flower petals - hotel lobbies , street vendors , green rooms - but whenever he handed me one , it brightened my day .
after he 'd gone , i 'd found a flower petal taped to the bathroom mirror with the words i ' m sorry on it .
loose and flirty , the bottom of it had wide panels that resembled a flower 's petals .
when we got to kellan 's floor , rose petals were scattered along the ground .
the hallway floor was also littered with red rose petals , and at the end of the hallway , standing right in front of kellan 's door , was deacon .
wanting to match kellan , i kicked off my shoes and tossed them out of the way ; rose petals stuck to the soles of my feet .
on the ground were rose petals .
the excessive trail of petals led in a loop through the kitchen and into the living room .
griffin 's old room that we were using as ours had a bunch of petals taped onto it .
siobhan laughed , those low , dulcet tones dropping into the night like orchid petals .
` ` now lift up your skirt , and stroke the petals of your sex lightly . ''
his fingers were still gently touching my petals as he examined my sex .
he removed one of his hands almost instantly and touched the petals of my sex with light fingers , examining every inch of me .
there was one other - a rose over his heart , the petals dark red , the dark green stem slightly curved .
lying pressed to his side , i 'd been distractedly tracing the dark red petals over his heart , wondering how to tell him what i knew .
pink and white petals dotted the scenery in all directions .
the soft petals brushed against her bottom lip , reminding her how his mouth had fit so perfectly over hers .
the amazing white gown was long - sleeved with a high neckline and lace bodice , the skirt layered in silk organza with tulle petals .
toss rose petals when ryan walks ? ''
i was having a blast , trying to get the different shades of purple to blend on the petals of the flower i was coloring .
i gesture to the spud , my right index finger adorned with a flashy pink stylized ring in the shape of flower petals that complements my maroon lightweight sweater , one of those wrap - around numbers with a super slim tie around the waist and a low - cut neck .
a trail of intertwining pink and red rose petals led the way from the living room into the bedroom .
she turned her gaze and then followed the rose petals into the bedroom where rows of candles waited to be lit , and a pink wrapped package sat on the bed .
he craned his neck to watch as her heels tapped across the rose petals littering the floor .
the grassy aisle leading up to the altar was covered with intertwining red , pink , and yellow rose petals .
emma 's heart warmed as it was a special touch , not just to liven up the dying winter grass , but it was a reminder of happy times with rose petals in the hotel room on their first baby - making venture as well as their engagement .
she felt like she was picking off petals from a flower to determine the exact nature of her feelings .
jack crouched over a bed of wildflowers , rubbing the yellow petals .
jack was standing in the hall with a paper towel of yellow petals .
he did n't say anything , and when i went to touch his arm , he dropped his paper towel , sending yellow petals adrift .
he had jack 's paper towel in his hand , a few yellow petals poking out .
creed murmured and i tore my eyes away from his huge bed that looked entirely covered in deep red , velvety soft rose petals to tip my head back and look at creed .
then he made love to me on a bed of rose petals .
this time , there were no rose petals .
when he studied his sylvie , sleeping in sheets filled with rose petals .
it 's a wonder there are n't cherubs flying around sprinkling rose petals and rainbows erupting through the windows , an aftermath of his delightful visit . ''
it was looking tired , petals falling off , blooms drooping but she 'd carefully carried that thing to the charger when they left vegas and made sure the stems were in water the minute she could when they were in moab .
he noticed that it was n't one piece of glass but two and between them she 'd pressed petals from the roses in the shape of a heart .
not sure a heart made of rose petals goes with the black counters and cream cabinets of your kitchen ... '' she was talking but he was n't hearing her .
my head turned left and i saw my heart of petals hanging in the kitchen window .
the bouquet of flowers i bought her before i put my ring on her finger that she tore up and pressed the petals between two squares of glass and she hung that shit in my window in the kitchen so she can see them when she does the dishes .
i figure you are n't either but i 'll still remind you not to be and i 'll do it because of where her charger is , what bed she sleeps in and those petals she stares at doin ' the dishes .
it was n't just the petals in the window .
the end of the platform became a sea of petals and strewn flowers full of accolades .
the unfurling petals dripped with filth , sprouting from a place i never wanted to acknowledge .
my words fell like petals , waiting for jethro to crush them beneath his glossy shoe .
if it was , we 'd have candles and rose petals and soft music .
rose petals were strewn across the snowy sheets .
my morbid thoughts turned the petals to blood .
the thoughts i 'd had of a traditional wedding , complete with rose petals and ring bearers , suddenly seemed like a fantastical illusion .
the white sand had been swept from the boardwalk and scattered frangipani petals led the way .
` ` petals are beautiful , and the main reason people pick a flower is based on the beauty of the petals .
` ` petals are beautiful , and the main reason people pick a flower is based on the beauty of the petals .
tiny had never been married in a church like this with rose petals dotting the aisle .
the red of the petals stood out in contrast to her skin .
the lyrical foreign language washed over lily like the warm breeze that held essences of olives and sweet sunflower petals .
damon pulled out a chair at the nearest table , which was covered in rose petals and lit by little tea candles surrounding a crystal decanter .
i brush the soft petals along my lips , close my eyes , and picture my dad .
one by one , lotus flowers bloom , spreading their pure white petals over the muddled water .
and the rose petals would decorate the runner and flutter across her massive train -- '' ` ` a train ? ''
red petals made a trail from the door to where he stood , piling up at his feet .
there would be time for making love , for rose petals and longing gazes , but right now , i just wanted him to spread me wide and plunge himself so deep that i was breathless .
hours ago , she 'd opened up for me like some beautiful flower , stretching its petals towards the scorching sun .
the wilted petals gusted right out the door , along with the love of my life .
rose petals float in the scented water , which has the gravity of soothing bath salts .
he furrowed his brows when she held up a flower about three inches long with delicate white petals .
but then last night , she comes home from work and finds rose petals all over her f**king bed .
anyway , psycho mcgee left another note with the rose petals .
did carson tell you about the rose petals ? ''
she still remembered the fear shuddering through her veins when she 'd walked through the door and found that trail of crimson petals .
when she reached the part about the rose petals in her apartment , her father looked so livid she thought he might actually grab his favorite rifle and go after brendan .
he 'd gone all out that night - candles , rose petals , the whole shebang .
a woman slipped onto the seat next to him and slid a finger along the blue petal with a smile , and then leaned in to kiss him on the mouth .
jeannie arched into his hands , and he responded , flattening the petal between her lips and covering it with his palm .
chris rocked the petal with two fingers , the wider paddle top vibrating on jeannie 's clitoris as the lower tip dipped inside her with every nudge of chris 's middle finger .
she had skin like the velvet petals of a rose and the kick - ass attitude of the prickliest cactus , and it was turning out to be a combination that drove him crazy .
the fake flower stood up from a brown felt pot about a foot tall , with bright yellow petals , a vivid green stem , and a bold red center .
i had chosen pink because the color reminded me of her lips , and looking at her now , i knew her lips were as soft as the petals .
she rubbed her fingertips across the petals .
the flowers are a nice touch , she said , gently touching the petals of the blue wildflowers that forged an inner circle next to the pebbles that decorated the edge of the pie .
i watched her smile as she lined up pebbles and flower petals , her feet sinking in the mud as she carefully constructed her mud pie .
about being special , you can control the environment , using candles , rose petals , romantic music ...
they felt as soft as rose petals , and he could nt help but hold her closer to him .
pierre tasted her lips , those delicate rose petals that had tempted him since the day he met her .
the trees were swaying to the caress of the wind , and the flowers began unfurling their petals to catch the sunlight and attract the colorful butterflies .
the saffron w/ its huge lily fragrance from its blue violet petals .
it has a beautiful white petals a bone and a sword likes acute petals located below the main flower .
it has a beautiful white petals a bone and a sword likes acute petals located below the main flower .
as we all kiss , there are flower petals showered on us from our guests and i laugh grabbing liam 's hand and running down the aisle as much as i can in heels .
i am depending on you to help chris walk down the aisle tossing out the rose petals .
then they began tossing rose petals while they walked slowly down the while carpet runner in the center aisle .
she noticed the delicate pink rose petals scattered on the long white carpet runner that ran the length of the aisle .
she remembered the look in his eyes , the faint smell of salt on his skin , the callused tip of his index finger , the velvety softness of the petals of the rose against her bare skin .
gracie knelt down next to sophie and took a handful of rose petals from the basket looped over the little girl 's arm .
rose petals fell at their feet in a graceful arc .
all you have to do is walk very slowly and scatter the petals into the wind . ''
` ` good luck , little lady , '' ben said as sophie straightened her tiny shoulders and straightened her basket of petals .
so i took the petals and put them in a jar .
we planned this whole after prom experience ; there would have been rose petals on the bed and whispered i love you 's .
i trace the petals .
as we got closer , crowds of people began lining the path throwing flower petals .
every petal of her past that she unfurled to him was an honor received with great appreciation .
` ` maybe so , but tori , where are we going to get hearts made out of dried rose petals ? ''
he made another sound of pleasure , and then i felt his fingers skim my sex , moving over the curls and parting the petals underneath .
yesterday i was a flower bud all closed up inside and protected by layers of darkness , whereas today i have blossomed and my petals have opened showing the world my gay colors and hidden beauty .
uncle cliff gave her away in her fathers absence and crystal was her only attendant , scattering rose petals from a hand woven basket .
he could see his sweet girl right behind leah , dropping flower petals and smiling to the crowd as she went .
he d caught her several times , wearing it in her room , practicing dropping petals .
you throw a handful of fuchsia petals in my direction ; the wind catches them and they float downward , slowly ; you smile and ride off ahead of me , through the arch .
fireworks were still going off ; lighting up the night sky with long bursts of red , yellow and blue that unfolded like flower petals in the darkness .
that night , she had a trail of rose petals leading to my backyard .
it has rose petals too ?
i set small glowing candles all along the hallway and a trail of rose petals that lead down the hallway to where i was standing with a torch .
snow sisters sisters in love ( book 1 ) sisters in bloom ( book 2 ) sisters in white ( book 3 ) the bradens lovers at heart ( book 4 ) destined for love ( book 5 ) friendship on fire ( book 6 ) sea of love ( book 7 ) bursting with love ( book 8 ) hearts at play ( book 9 ) the remingtons game of love ( book 10 ) stroke of love ( book 11 ) flames of love ( book 12 ) slope of love ( book 13 ) read , write , love ( book 14 ) the bradens ( coming soon ) taken by love fated for love romancing my love flirting with love dreaming of love crashing into love seaside summers ( coming soon ) seaside dreams seaside hearts seaside sunsets seaside secrets more books by melissa chasing amanda ( mystery / suspense ) have no shame ( historical fiction / romance ) love , lies & mystery ( 3 - book bundle ) megans way ( literary fiction ) come back to me ( romantic suspense ) traces of kara ( psychological thriller ) where petals fall ( suspense ) acknowledgments writing sisters in love has been a wonderful experience for me , and i ve become tremendously attached to the characters , which means that readers can look forward to four more snow sisters novels .
epilogue a small flower girl tossed white rose petals down the aisle ahead of her as she strode in perfectly measured steps .
her complexion appeared as if it was made by squeezing the rose petals , which were dropped in white milk for a few days .
the wind blew leaves and fallen petals and old newspaper pages along the streets and sidewalks as if in slow motion , and even though the sun was still high , owls hooted , hidden among the tree branches .
it was a flower ; the head and petals were in my hand , and the stem and leaves were up my arm .
we planned this whole after prom experience ; there would have been rose petals on the bed and whispered i love yous .
their petals were soft perfection and a beautiful contrast not just between the gray of the brick they were planted against , but between all of the death and decay we had suffered in today .
for the second time today a tear tracked down my cheek and i could nt stop myself from holding out my fingers and touching the soft silkiness of the delicate petals .
he watched tammy as she looked round the candle lit room , in front of the fireplace , laid a blanket with rose petals scattered around it .
pure white flowers with large petals and pink centers peppered the path , giving off a fragrance that was like orange blossoms mixed with vanilla .
oils spilled from the petals and saturated the air with their scent .
rose petals floated on the still surface , their scent permeating the air .
on the way to the sofa the velvet petals caressed her cheek .
she shuddered as trent crushed the delicate petals .
the scent of honey mingled with his cologne as the soft petals caressed her cheek .
lashes caressed her cheeks and her shoulders rose as she smelled the sweet petals .
instead , she opted for a little rice powder , rouge and scarlet geranium petals rubbed across her lips .
and when his fingers found their way into her soft , moist petals , she felt her control give way .
if these had only arrived a little sooner , i could ve used some of the rose petals for the love potion .
a thick mass of mustard yellow petals danced to different heights in perfect contrast to the burgundy porcelain .
thank you , riley , she said , sliding the vase closer and tracing a finger across one of the violet petals .
he leaned in , squashing the petals between them , and caught her mouth with his .
he stood , walked carefully over to some rosebushes , stuck his nose into the pink petals , and inhaled deeply .
when i spotted a queue that started at the door of pattys petals , cut across the pavement , and stretched all the way into the street , i slowed down .
people brought food , drink , music , and of course , rose petals from loved ones and admirers to sprinkle into lake serendipity at midnighta wish for good fortune in love .
have fun spreading those petals at the festival .
you can throw both fresh and dried petals into the lake .
walking to the vanity , abigail gazed at her reflection in the wavy mirror and then fingered the lovely petals of wildflowers in a mason jar .
the glittery fairy petals delicately painted around her eyes proved she had no intention of wearing it in the first place .
she smelled like smoke , but her hair and skin were softer than rose petals .
she simply wrote a few more words before plucking petals of red and gold from the roses in the jar on the sill , she let them fall .
you are distracted , '' she said pointedly as they spread flower petals and poured wine at the blessed feet of athena 's great stone likeness .
i can imagine the softness of the petals and the glorious colors , in tender pastels or vibrant , rich reds .
i remember pressing my face into the cool softness of the petals , and feeling happy to be alive .
his gaze returned to her , his face already closing in on itself again , step by step like a flower folding its petals after dusk .
i followed him into the trees , and there , in the snow of a cold december afternoon , thousands of rose petals surrounded us .
countless cherry blossom petals were flying all around her like rain .
clouds of pink flowers stretched endlessly beyond them , and the road leading to the house was carpeted with pink petals .
then a gust of wind swirled past , releasing a myriad of flowers from the trees , petals raining down on the car , some landing on the windscreen .
above him , he could see millions of cherry blossom petals raining down on him from a massive tree of pink cloud .
he noted it was quite breezy outside , with petals of cherry blossoms floating around her , and sebastian felt his blood warm .
then she saw tiny petals of cherry blossoms everywhere , floating and raining down on her .
she picked this particular picture because the tree stood alone with petals floating across in the wind , and in the distance , there were hills and beyond that the sea of the island .
her face now dry of tears , she spread her arms as she stared up at the petals of cherry blossoms raining down on her , landing on her face and body .
as i lay on my blanket , i could nt stop thinking about him , recalling how great his lips felt against mine , like soft rose petals .
six petals form the flower for the ceremony .
i even tried to google myths , but i saw nothing about mortal sacrifices , petals , and white bucks .
the calming scent of her lavender bath salts wafted on the moist air and she saw rose petals floating on the water .
rose petals and champagne and candles .
dipping one toe in the water , she watched the circles move away from her foot , making the petals rise and fall on the tiny waves .
love , your secret admirer come with me and ill show you night skies of stars that grow the reddest roses their long stems of light dipping their fragrant petals that bloom and grow into earths gravity they gently flow while spilling earthbound bulbs of fire into the night september 25 you : you asked me if i could travel anywhere in the world , where would i want to go .
it reads : ] may 30 simply because come with me and ill show you night skies of stars that grow the reddest roses their long stems of light dipping their fragrant petals that bloom and grow into earths gravity they gently flow while spilling earthbound bulbs of fire into the night i m being careful to avoid the thorny paths of lust fearing to awaken within you the lion that slumbers in your soul roaring out power greater than a stormy ocean out of control only for it to switch places with the lamb awakening within my own bleating out light filled with songs of peace we d once known being reborn between the mountain of your virtue and the lake of your love ill watch for the snowfall of our start to melt into the replenishment for the reservoirs of my heart will nourish the growing timbers of tenderness that steep themselves in the heaven sent rains of peace and light throughout the forest of our love as birds sing a celebratory chorus by flight sometimes the world within my heart is as a volcano that shoots out the whitest light spilling lava that freezes into a sea of glass that receives the suns rays translating the bright white into sparkling colors of the rainbow for more heavenly days and yet sometimes my soul peers out of the window to watch as the stars shimmer across the ocean in the night the two worlds blend sinking the light of the stars to swim through the ocean deep awakening a part of my soul once buried by sleep passing swimming stars reveal the liquid purple fire that hides in the black coral reef not far from the glowing fluorescent mists that court a new belief that the shadows in the seas of a night ruled by lust drown out every lightning rod of righteous desire so i must use all of my brawn along with prayerful help from heavens love to draw the stars back to their proper places in the night sky above long before the last night wind ushers in the dawn .
the door opened and the twins came tumbling out , each with a small basket of rose petals they were to drop in the brides path .
of course , they threw the petals by the handfuls , prompting giggles and smiles from the onlookers .
would there be rose petals scattered across the entryway of the chapel ?
her lips were pink and faintly resembled petals of fresh , ripe flowers .
she had ivory skin , a sloping nose , lips as red as rose petals , and eyes the color of polished steel .
camilla fingered the petals of the flower one at a time and said , no , papa .
she abruptly pulled her hand away , leaving him with the sensation of soft flower petals on his skin .
soft , burgundy rose petals were strewn all over the gold tablecloth .
even the painting of the rose petals displayed on the wall seemed to hide itself shyly from the low beam of light when both the occupants had their bodies locked in their tight embrace .
examining the painting with the intricate petals and vines winding around each other , clarice felt a sudden desire well up inside her , which in turn made her cheeks burn .
i glanced again along the aisle made of flower petals .
the pink leaves are rose petals .
and where do you get fresh rose petals from at this time of year ?
the rose petals were there , and the pink color , but i could nt smell or taste them .
the secret is not where the petals come from , he explained , but how they are crushed .
all good barmen know that rose petals must be crushed gently , with what we call a push and twist movement , and only with a wooden or plastic muddler .
this technique opens the cells in the petals , releasing the scent and taste .
smoothing her dress over her thighs while mentally pulling the petals off one of the daisies that adorned the fabric .
thankful , she stuck her face in the petals and breathed in their delicious fragrance .
the leaves , set at the diagonals were glistening green emeralds , with larger petals of iridescent blue sapphires at the compass points and dominating the centre , a beautiful shimmering round - cut diamond .
the full underskirt and close - fitting bodice were in a light eau - de - nil but it was the festoons of delicate appliqued silk wisteria - like petals in shades from the palest pink to bright lavender that covered the entire dress that had made it her absolute first choice .
he felt a spasm that was akin to something orgasmic as he watched the healthy green leaves of the rosebush turn to sickly yellow and the silky petals from the flowering blooms drop lifeless to the ground .
i mean , i do nt have any rose petals or fancy smelling candles to make it pretty .
i slipped off my boots and socks , feeling the soft cushion of red rose petals beneath my feet as i took the steps to my bed , where yet again , there was a heart made out of white rose petals on the blanket .
i slipped off my boots and socks , feeling the soft cushion of red rose petals beneath my feet as i took the steps to my bed , where yet again , there was a heart made out of white rose petals on the blanket .
she fondled the petals of a long - stemmed rose in a vase in front of her .
purple and yellow flowers were everywhere and petals were lining my path .
the bouquet fell onto the floor in a flurry of white and purple petals .
i asked , handling the crystalline token with cautious , delicate fingers ; admiring the way that the roses luminous petals caught the beam of the overhead light .
a sachet of rose petals , he read out , not particularly helpful .
she threw the petals up in the air and they fell down over him like confetti .
the room the condoms the discarded parts of the intimacy kit the crushed rose petals on the blood - stained bed .
white rose petals fell to the ground .
some men crumble instantly like the petals of a rose kept pressed too long between the pages of a book .
the blooms were large and purple , similar to clematis but with more petals .
roses , peach ones , with a hint of blush along the edges of their petals , dispensed a spicy , peppery scent that overcame the hospital scents of antiseptics and cleaning fluids .
the heady scent of rose petals filled the air .
she touched the delicate red petal of a hibiscus in a tall clay pot .
her slender fingers touched the petals of a flower .
` ` ' all day i pluck their petals .
right away i noticed that one of the flowers had lost nearly all of its petals - only one clung on for dear life .
` ` maybe i 'll scatter petals across the floor and tables . ''
and maybe he could have sex with me on those petals .
he held out what must have been four dozen orchids , a mixture of yellow , white , pink and blue petals .
` ` i know blue is your favorite color , so i had some of the petals dyed . ''
i pushed out a breath and gazed down at the dewy , sweet petals .
feeling bold and dangerous , i plucked a petal from one of the carnations and breathed in its scent , pretending fascination with the flower .
a glass orchid with blue petals sat in the center of pale green foam .
the dainty petals glistened from the overhead light , shining like pearls .
` ` i 'll probably pick the petals off flowers while i pine away for you . ''
her mother shook her head as she returned her attention to the rose petal she was stabbing with her needle , as if it had been shakespeare himself and she meant to make him pay for subjecting her to his play .
her dark brown eyes framed by thick black lashes , high cheekbones , a delicate jawline and full lips that reminded him of rose petals should have been the envy of every woman .
she 'd been ever so soft beneath his touch , and when her eyes had drifted shut , he 'd taken a moment to study her face - the dark lashes that fanned out against her rosy cheeks , the delicate nose sitting proudly above a pair of full lips that reminded him of rose petals .
sara had provided a few romantic touches of her own by scattering a pathway of ivory and blush pink rose petals from the doorway to the bed , as well as across the duvet covering the mattress .
the bridal couple paused under the arched church door beneath a flurry of pink - and - white rose petals , and the photographer leapt into action .
she looked down the aisle , strewn with rose petals , to derek who looked so handsome standing at the front and jacob by his side .
she looked down at the floor and saw rose petals everywhere .
there were candles burning and more rose petals strewn about .
there was a collective gasp as dozens of people stepped forward , each with a bucket filled with different colored rose petals .
at the end of the song , he set the guitar down and walked to her , pulling a small box from his pocket as he knelt on the bed of rose petals .
he paused and admired the bromeliads , huge iridescent flowers like bowls made out of petals , shimmering with color and water .
the petals of my blooming confidence wilted a little .
are these sweet little petals right here- '' i bent , sucking her nipple into my mouth and playing a little with my tongue .
rows of white chairs draped in sheer white and tiffany blue ribbon stretched in front of me ; white flower petals covered the aisle .
there were no flower petals to throw in our wake , no handfuls of rice .
i dreamed that it was raining , but that the raindrops turned into pink rose petals .
and then when i looked at the ground , it was covered in a foot of petals , just like snow . ''
well , me and a yard full of flower petals .
it 's completely blanketed by several inches of pink rose petals .
the candlelit room , the trail of white rose petals that led to the king - size bed , the music coming from another room , a soft , instrumental version of air supply 's ` ` all out of love '' that was playing on the radio .
the white rose petals were true .
the aisle itself was covered in pale pink rose petals .
there 's fresh rose petals scattered throughout the room , with lavender massage oil and an aromatherapy candle .
he pictured helen stepping nak*d into a tub of water with rose petals floating on its surface .
this time , however , instead of stepping into a tub of warm water with rose petals , his wife was stepping into a tub with large brown things floating in it .
dried herbs usually used for cooking lay nestled among the desiccated petals of various flowers .
ignoring her protestations , he quickly emptied the last of the containers into the bathwater ; then , holding the empty containers awkwardly in one hand , he upended the basket over her , raining flower petals and herbs over her hair and shoulders into the water .
` ` those flower petals .
it had n't been petals , he was sure ; it had been the oil .
she sat on the ground and picked a daisy , tearing the petals off one by one .
susannah crouched down and fingered the delicate petals .
zach moved around her to find rose petals strewn about .
the red petals seemed to take a path away from the door , down the hallway that led to the master bedroom .
in her temper , she 'd sat on it and crushed the petals .
a tear fell from her cheek and landed on the red petals .
` ` you do know that your eyes are almost the exact shade of pansy petals ?
at her side stood a tal slender woman with long , unbound hair the color of lavender petals .
` ` i ' m afraid too much passion could start you shedding petals like a tree in autumn , though . ''
he even scattered some petals across her queen - sized white duvet cover .
` ` i named her rose because she was like a perfect bloom in the spring when the petals are so vibrant and start to unfurl .
` ` and then there 's you , '' callie said quietly as she traced the lines of the delicate lily coiling from the midst of the circle , blooming , the petals just unfurling .
suddenly the world is full of falling petals .
i plucked a stray red petal off my shirt and rubbed it between my thumb and forefinger .
erzulie 's lips curved as she pointed to one flower amid a hundred others , the bright red petals unmuted by the night .
i showed her the petal of the fire iris that i 'd picked in a place i had n't actually gone .
my knees split apart even farther now , and the damp petals of my p**sy were presented to his gaze .
the look of contentment on his face was nearly palpable , and the roses were so intricately drawn that caleb was sure he would feel the velvet texture of rose petals if he ran his finger over the paper .
lana guided her hand over the paper , and after a moment , the flower had a set of neat petals .
caleb watched as tina carefuly dipped the brush in green paint and went after the leaves of her flower with the same intense concentration she did the petals .
a pink cherry blossom petal landed on her cheek .
there were hundreds of pink and yellow rose petals scattered across the pillows and on the woman 's flesh .
she felt exactly as he 'd imagined she would - like rose petals or plush velvet .
so much for rose petals and arias and heartfelt declarations of love .
elizabeth had been so excited that she 'd fairly danced down the aisle , sprinkling rose petals and honeysuckle as she went .
i was thinking about sprinkling rose petals on our bed when my desk phone rang .
strapless and ruched from br**sts to hips , with petals of organza floating down to my feet , it was a sweet yet sexy romantic gown .
her lips trembled as she picked up her abandoned bouquet and smoothed out some of the creased petals .
she plucked a plump white flower from the vase and brought it slowly to her face , admiring the deeply lobed leaves and fragile petals , the still - moist drops of nectar inside its center .
the flower 's petals sifted through their fingers to the ground .
the red teardrop - shaped petals showered down on her shoulders as she turned to face the voice .
he 'd strewn the ground with the peonies ' delicate , snowy petals .
daniel 's fingers traced the petals of the peony behind her ear .
she wore a deerskin dress and held a dandelion over her face , picking off the petals one by one .
she was n't used to the weight of her wings , light as rose petals in the sky , but heavy as lead curtains when her feet were on the ground .
her white wings folded like rose petals around her focusing features ; the dark drape of her eyelashes made her look peaceful and steady .
she fingered the deeply lobed petals of one of the full white blossoms and leaned forward to breathe in its soft nectar .
i mean ... '' the flower fell from her hand , three petals landing on the boy 's shoes .
they passed massive flower pots dotting the downtown sidewalks , their petals in full bloom , just like his heart .
it was like opening petals to a flower and finding dew inside .
flower petals lined the aisle , courtesy of a handsome flower boy named evan .
i can see the wetness glistening on you , like morning dew on flower petals . ''
` ` you grow darker , pinker with each layer of petals .
just like a rose , opening her petals .
` ` i want her petals to open , '' gabriel breathed softly .
chase 's hand teased under her skirt , along the curve of her taut ass , to the moist , slick petals of her sex .
she just remembered being cradled against a hard chest , a strong heart beating beneath her ear , and then cool softness beneath her damp back as he laid her on a bed of rose petals .
and yet now it bloomed , like the first blossom in spring , spreading its petals to seek the sun .
` ` like flower with delicate petals . ''
bouquets lay on the ground beneath one of the posts , like a grave site , their petals dying and turning brown .
we held hands and ran , handfuls of flower petals raining down on us from the guests - that was a nice touch .
he ran to mairin and thrust them into her hands , petals scattering to the floor .
a trail of rose petals led up the staircase .
despite everything , could the rose petals mean he still cared ?
similar incidents from the past rushed forward , crowding her brain with a smorgasbord of happy , sexy , tender and delicious memories of the claw - foot tub with bubbles and petals floating on the surface and flynn waiting to be her personal bath attendant , a sexy new black cocktail dress with sinful matching lingerie and dancing shoes and flynn struggling with the bow tie of his tux as he exited the bathroom .
they reminded hugh of aunt petal 's eyeglasses , although miriam 's frames were a steely blue and aunt petal wore frames the color of a male gnome 's hat - holly berry red .
` ` that tack always works with my aunt petal , the one with the gnomes and fairies .
this comment came from aunt petal , who arrived on the scene wearing a purple dress and her red spectacles .
haley put her hand in miz petal 's and let the old lady lead her out of the building .
she was dressed all in green and pink , and she looked like a little imp with flowers in her hair and carrying a wicker basket filled with pink rose petals .
and i promise i 'll make my petals last until you get all the way to the altar . ''
watching it unfold on his face was like watching a big magnolia open up its petals .
rose petals had been strewn on the ground the coffin would pass over .
flames and smoke unfurled like petals from a newly opened flower as those poor monarchs exploded into pieces of rock .
she touched the petals and inhaled their fragrance .
she shook her head sadly and touched the delicate white petals absently .
white and red rose petals were scattered on a white carpet that led to a helicopter .
the rose petals on the white carpet , the champagne - it all made sense now .
i 'd gotten in enough trouble already for looking where i was n't supposed to , but still ... after perhaps two minutes of combing through a clover patch with her long , dirty fingernails , alaska grabbed a clover with three full - size petals and an undersize , runt of a fourth , then looked up at me , barely giving me time to avert my eyes .
she pinched the runt petal between the nails of her thumb and finger and plucked it .
twelve oblong petals around a filled - in circle against the daisy - white paint , and daisies , white daisies , and i could hear her saying , what do you see , pudge ?
von namtzen did n't quite laugh , but snorted through his nose , and led the way through a stand of flowering trees that scattered tiny white petals down on them like snow .
he twiddled the daisy 's stem between his fingers , shedding white petals on the rug .
only the petals were closed up tight , like it was asleep in the middle of the day .
she 'd said it had been as large as a plate , but now , again , all the petals were closed .
angling , taryn focused on the petals , the soft scarlet plains .
her fingers itched to stroke the velvet petals , place them against her cheek and wish them all back to that time .
deliverymen were still traveling down the pier , conveying her very own private world full of petals .
at the rehearsal the night before , however , nick had strutted down the aisle with her little basket of rose petals and proudly strewn them , aware that every eye was on her .
shea set nick on her feet and got the basket of rose petals from the top of the closet , where they 'd put it to keep nick from scattering the flowers around the room .
they 'd already picked up the velvety petals once , and once was enough .
barrie stooped in front of nick , straightening the ribbons in her hair and at last placing the basket of flower petals in the eager , dimpled little hands .
one by one she distributed the rose petals on the carpet with dainty precision , taking her time , even stooping once to adjust a petal that had fallen too close to another one .
one by one she distributed the rose petals on the carpet with dainty precision , taking her time , even stooping once to adjust a petal that had fallen too close to another one .
she twirled on her tiptoes , flinging rose petals in a circle .
she asked , taking a handful of petals from the basket and flinging them upward .
` ` i did n't think she was ever going to get rid of those damn flower petals . ''
she reaches into her pocket and pulls out a wilted airport daisy with four petals remaining .
skimpily clad females bathed in huge marble tubs of rose petals , while the red walls and candlelight warmed the senses .
he groaned and deepened the kiss , drowning in the silk of rose petals hidden beneath the thorns .
she smelled of rose petals and her cheek was as soft as one beneath his palm .
she closed her eyes and let the words rain down over her heart like velvety smooth flower petals , relishing each one , holding them close so she would have them later when she needed them .
gradually he felt her opening up to him , like the satin petals of a rosebud .
her carefully styled hair was tousled from his roving fingers , and her pink lips were the color of rose petals moist from the dew .
his favorite dance number was called ` ` fever , '' where she wore fishnet stockings and red satin rose petals over her- ` ` check . ''
he pictured her lying nak*d in a bed of roses , while he scooped up a handful of petals and let them drift over her skin ... ` ` i do n't know which was worse , the people who did mean things out of envy , or the ones who spent all their time sucking up . ''
a few snips here and there , and one final snip when gillian had begun to dance under the limbo stick , and neil could see his future opening like the petals of a rose .
there were rose petals on my bed and in the center of them was an envelope with my name written neatly across the front .
when jude got out of the car , she smelled the sweet , heady fragrance , but already some were fading , their petals beginning to curl and turn brown .
an unopened rosebud lay on the top of the flowery heap , its petals as rich in color as fresh cream .
i might wear lace collars and laugh flower petals and pearls .
purple and yellow pansies had opened their petals to the sun .
the marks of other men bloomed black and purple , blue and yellow , clouded petals trapped beneath the whiteness of her skin .
he was slightly jaundiced , though , with a faint gold cast to his skin that gave his round cheeks a delicate glow , like the petals of a daffodil .
he nodded , his gaze still resting on the ground , the fallen petals of the yellow roses .
the tiny legs were limp against her dress , toes bruised and curled like wilted petals .
she considered whether to add more of the dilute sulfuric acid solution , but decided against it , and instead reached into the bowl at her side , filled with the limp petals of dogwood and redbud flowers gathered for her by jemmy and aidan .
i closed my eyes , feeling the brush of cool petals against my suddenly heated cheeks .
i opened my eyes , peering cautiously through the petals , and the wide , snaggle - toothed mouth split in a grin like a jack - o'-lantern 's .
past the orchard , still in silence , and down the long walk of herbaceous borders , with the scents of lily and lavender , anemone and roses , so pungent and heady that simply to walk through the hot , heavy air was like throwing oneself headlong onto a bed of fragrant petals .
he plucked a small white daisy from the grass near her feet and handed it to her - the petals were streaked with pollen , fallen from the delicate stamens in the round yellow center of the bloom .
drops of water hung trembling under the petals of the marble jacobite roses on hector cameron 's tomb , and the brick walk was dark with wet .
` ` i do n't think it was a gentian of any kind ; the petals were n't really rounded , but- '' ` ` well , why not go back and get it ? ''
apparently finding this some palliative to his feelings , he smashed the quivering trunk several times more , causing a delirious shower of pale - pink petals to rain down upon his head .
most of the cherry blossoms had fallen from his head by now ; only a few pink petals clung to his shoulders , and i reached out to brush them away .
his hair had dried in bronze streaks and whorled over my br**sts like the petals of a chinese chrysanthemum .
looking up , i could see the low roof beams , black with soot and thick with clusters of smoked , dried fish , split and bound stiffly in bunches , like the petals of large ugly flowers .
there were dogwood petals on my shoulder ; i brushed them off and felt carefully over my hair , dislodging a few more that fluttered away like scraps of fragrant paper .
instead he pictured melanie opening her petals to him , and himself as the banana in the fruit bowl .
flowers bloomed prettily in the spring sun , a pink , red and gold rainbow of petals .
they settled on a nice image of a pale pink rose with dewy petals .
chapter fifteen pagan the little yellow daisy i 'd picked out of momma 's bouquet from her boyfriend looked kind of pitiful without all its petals .
` ` you 're official y a col ege junior tomorrow , '' he said with a proud smile , brushing the petals of a wildflower down the line of my jaw .
the sweet summer breeze wafted along the uncut grass , making the delicate petals of the flowering dogwood dance with the violets .
` ` i told you i loved you with every petal of every rose , '' he tells me in a low , husky whisper .
rose petals of every color are littered across the carpet .
buttons fly , landing over the rose petals on the floor .
she smiles against my mouth and then moans and opens up so our tongues meet , and i lay her back on the bed littered with rose petals .
grabbing a handful of rose petals on the bed beside us , i flatten her on her back and raise my fist above her to sprinkle the rose petals over her .
grabbing a handful of rose petals on the bed beside us , i flatten her on her back and raise my fist above her to sprinkle the rose petals over her .
she catches her breath as they fall on her body , her hair splayed dark behind her as she runs her fingers up my biceps , my shoulder , caressing me as i caress those rose petals and drag them up and down her body .
a mew leaves her lips and her eyes drift shut , and i keep dragging all the petals under my hand up to cup one tit , rubbing the petals over her n**ples .
a mew leaves her lips and her eyes drift shut , and i keep dragging all the petals under my hand up to cup one tit , rubbing the petals over her n**ples .
the room is fragrant of rose petals but brooke smells best of all .
rising , i grab another fistful of petals and drag both hands over her body , so she feels all of them against her .
flowers , like she had seen in the palace flowed over people 's walkways , their petals shining from the drops of rain .
the covers were pulled back , rose petals scattered on the sheets .
those eyes were the same vibrant blue as its petals .
his c*ck glided down through her slick petals and slid almost effortlessly into her p**sy again .
she 'd always imagined herself in a ridiculously puffy confection of a wedding dress , walking up an aisle sprinkled with rose petals to meet the handsomest man on the face of the earth at the altar in front of hundreds of adoring guests .
there were no doves poised for release here today , no choir , no rose petals - but there were a couple hundred guests out there .
she rose onto her elbows and watched his mouth descend , his tongue slipping like fire through the petals of her sex .
` ` ambrosia must have been made of what lies within these pink , swollen petals , '' gage said , right before he began to feast upon her like a man possessed .
he knelt at the bedside and ran one finger through her damp petals , pausing at her entrance before pushing ever so slightly inside .
it had a cloying smell , like old flower petals on the verge of decay .
i need rose petals .
where do i get a bunch of rose petals this late ? ''
i need rose petals , '' i told her as i put the last dish in the dishwasher and turned it on .
` ` i will get you rose petals .
the room was filled with candles and the bed was covered in pink and red rose petals .
speaking of which , i should have asked lauren and ally if there was something special i should be doing to ready myself for my impending conjugal union - like give myself a bikini wax in delicate places , or soak in rose petals for thirty days straight .
basket of rose petals in hand , she surveyed the admiring crowd like the princess she undoubtedly thought she was in her frothy emerald dress and crown of rosebuds .
deprived of a free hand to toss rose petals , sarah bianca swung the basket vigorously so they 'd spill out behind her .
you might as well be sitting on the front porch picking petals off a daisy . ''
he twirled it between his fingers , and the petals seemed to blend together .
how long had it taken her to notice the scattered rose petals on the floor that trailed from the foyer through the living room and up the staircase ?
the first task is simple : please blow out the candles downstairs , and follow the rose petals to the bedroom .
somewhere up there sat the shadow of a thin , bold - eyed girl on a pebbly beach , tearing the petals off a daisy , chanting he loves me ; he loves me not .
so much so that a few of the petals floated to the ground , marking a stark contrast between the dead , brown grass and the vibrant purple of the violets .
her lips were soft as rose petals and sweetly plump .
tugging off one of her long gloves , isabel reached out and fingered the petals of a nearby rose .
dew stood in the curl of one of the rose petals , quivering slightly .
the petals cool but soft in her palm .
with shaking fingers , he touched one of the soft petals .
the roses shook in his grasp , several petals falling and then catching in the breeze .
they looked for all the world like miniaturized rose petals drained of their color .
these pale petals were gathering in the wind like flocking birds - thousands of them , like a spring snowstorm .
there were so many of those pale elm petals in the canals , it was ridiculous .
but god , was it beautiful , the creek carving a path around the huge tree , a heron standing still at the water 's edge , searching for a breakfast amid the millions of elm petals floating in the water .
me : ` ` it does not taste like god himself cooked heaven into a series of five dishes which were then served to you accompanied by several luminous balls of fermented , bubbly plasma while actual and literal flower petals floated down all around your canal - side dinner table . ''
the petals were cool but soft .
it made the pink room look like a rose petal held up to the light .
` ` it 's flat and round and it has a sort of swirling spiral pattern in it , like a rose 's petals .
diana unlocked the large cabinet , and cassie saw the crystal skull resting in a pyrex baking dish full of pink rose petals .
he picked up the skull , with a few rose petals still clinging to it , and he and diana left for the garage .
now their petals were folded tight .
she could see the spun - sugar curls , just the color of summer 's hair , and the little hands lying folded like rose petals .
but she was glad : happiness was blossoming like a flower inside her , petals opening frantically .
rose petals floated along the surface , the afternoon sunlight sparking prisms off the water while family and a few close friends finished an after - lunch cocktail.as she walked along the glazed brick , her french pedicure peeked from her cream - colored open - toed heels , a chanel purchase that had paid off more than once during the day with heated looks from sebastian .
there were always candles or flowers or those girly dishes of petals and scent there .
a sleek black hornet crawled out from the delicate petals of a rose , but she looked nowhere but at him .
it smeared blood over the green of the grass , the bright petals of flowers , because it could .
flowering trees line each side and white blossoms drift through the air , padding the stone lane beneath us with a thick blanket of petals .
the roses probably even grew square petals .
heat blossomed inside her , unfurling like petals opening in the spring sunshine .
a couple of rows of chairs are set on both sides , and down the middle is an aisle covered with pink and white rose petals .
two sets of fingers played down there , slipping through the petals of her sex .
he licked her everywhere , sucking the petals of her sex into his mouth , then settled over her clit .
cole pulled the petals of her labia apart , exposing her clitoris .
my toenails had been painted a pale pink to match the rose petals scattered on the aisle .
to be precise , he was eyeing the thin muslin covering her legs as the rays of sunlight poured through it left the fabric as transparent as white poppy petals .
small white petals thickened the holiday sky and sprinkled down with the most delightful fragrance .
lemon blossom petals from the sun- blessed groves .
she murmured to payne as the car purred down the street , a few flakes of snow drifting down like flower petals on a light breeze .
as she did , red rose petals with moist centers and dead edges fluttered downward , skittering across the blond hardwood floor .
the speed of light had nothing on her as she opened the envelope to find a handful of red rose petals with soft centers and dead edges .
when the waiter had delivered the letter to their table and he 'd seen the sweet flush drain from her face , leaving behind chalk - white shock as half - dead rose petals spilled into her hands , he 'd smelled her fear .
the pink petals of her flesh had gone red , swelling with arousal .
the fragile silver , shaped like petals , unfurled around her rosybrown nipple , which now looked like the flower 's lush center .
hang me like a dead rose preserve me and my petals wo n't fall until you touch them and i dissolve and i wrote her a poem back i am like a dead begonia hanging upside down because like a dead begonia i do n't give a fuck to which she replied not all flowers depend on light to grow so now maybe tonight i 'll inspire i thought his soil was gay but maybe there 's a chance i can get myself some play and get into his pants hopefully i 'll never have to read it or know about it or even think about it ever again .
she felt them streak down her face and land in tiny gray petals on the white blanket .
` ` should i be on the lookout for rose petals and a bubble bath ? ''
petals from the blossoms on the trees behind us float on the wind , making me feel like a fairy , as if this were part of an imagined world where magic is real .
the room was empty , the rose petals and candles out of sight , the egyptian cotton sheets stripped off the bed .
she inhaled , savored , smiled against the milky petals .
orchids , lilies , gardenias fluttered over her onto the puffy comforter , until finally he ended with crushed roses raining petals and perfume over her head , drifting and catching along every sensitized inch of her .
the petals kissed each pointed tip in turn , ethan 's hungry gaze devouring her .
ducking his head , he kissed her ear , right beside the flower , breathing in the heady perfume of her , even more tantalizing than the petals .
flower petals speckled the furniture and floor .
the silky softness of flower petals against her back .
his long legs stretched on either side of hers with rose petals floating in the water , scenting the air .
she swirled her fingers through the water , swirling red petals before her hand fell to rest on top of his again .
he plucked the petals free and tossed the stem back onto the bathroom floor .
grabbing a bar of french soap , he lathered his hands into a mixture of suds and petals , then rubbed the fragrant mixture over lilah 's creamy skin .
` ` bed of petals upstairs .
bath with petals down here . ''
he plucked a handful of petals from the heavy bloom , sprinkling them into the bubbling springs .
the rose , too , had begun to wilt , its petals blackening at their edges .
on their wedding night , he 'd kissed every inch of her , doing a leisurely survey , as she had lain on black satin sheets , the petals from the roses that he 'd hastily procured for their ceremony haphazardly scattered around them .
he 'd used the petals to tickle and arouse her until she 'd moaned and writhed , practically panting for him to take her .