i can guarantee you ' ve never had a better rhubarb pie than ms .
we bought fresh ravioli for dinner , as well as plenty of greens , and a strawberry - rhubarb pie for dessert .
carson was grateful for the chatter while he polished off a sandwich and a slice of rhubarb pie .
* * * sitting cross - legged in the middle of the bed , wrapped in the quilt , sunny nibbled the edge of the oatmeal rhubarb bar .
even an oatmeal rhubarb bar .
oatmeal rhubarb bars , her favorites .
every now and then stately stalks of rhubarb towered over the lower plants , and puddles of water dotted the landscape , with a gentle mist floating above them in the heat of the afternoon .
sarah arranged them neatly every morning to provide a border for the rhubarb and cabbage patches even though rainwater kept washing away the dirt and pushing them out into the pathway .
he saw something slide slowly under a wide rhubarb leaf and pounced on it , all fangs and claws .
his teeth clattered in the air , holding on to nothing but the rhubarb greenery .
sister roberta had decided to match their flavors and colors with actual ones and the entire simulation smelled like an ice cream parlor where the delightful scents of chocolate , strawberries , raspberry , mint , vanilla and banana overpowered the more subtle ones - black cherry , rhubarb , caramel , pistachio , watermelon and peach .
it tasted the way it smelled , and i suddenly craved a pie with fresh rhubarb and strawberry in not - a - drink format .
a modest garden sat in the center of the pack and featured most of the key seasonal forest fruits : arugula , dragon tongue bush beans , broccoli , endive , bulls blood beets and brussels sprouts , florence fennel , garlic , kale , carrots , corn and cauliflower , radicchio , rhubarb , parsnip , potatoes and pumpkins .
` ` out of old thorin 's nightshirt it 'll come , stiff as a stick and as red as rhubarb !
the group continued through a pile of thick underbrush and over a patch of weeds with rhubarb colored stalks .
the kitchen sheers billowed , dancing in a summers breeze ; gentle sweets carrying the sugared scent of fresh rhubarb and strawberry filled crusts through an orange doorjamb that glowed a defiantly strange loneliness .
he tackled me and drove me off the peas and we crashed into the rhubarb in the next row .
i scrambled out of the rhubarb .
` ` is that apple and rhubarb ? ''
is n't she as cute as rhubarb pie ?
if the old man had had more hair and a beard ellen rose would of thought he 'd looked like santa claus , and what was rhubarb pie anyway ?
vegetables such as celery and rhubarbs , a fruit , are much more hardy than say wheat or tomatoes .
` ` so you want to feed people on pear cacti - rhubarb hybrids ?
the evening progressed and since terry had made up his mind to celebrate his 30th victim , he ordered two glasses moet chandon to go with the excellent pannacetta with poached rhubarb .
chase has a lovely wife jessica who makes a marvelous strawberry rhubarb pie ( i ve only had the occasion to try it once , a situation which will have to be remedied soon hint - hint - hint ! ) .
chase was said to have an odd speaking style and his wife was said to make a delicious strawberry rhubarb pie .
there were castor oil , calomel , and rhubarb , iodine compounds and codeine and ipecac .
linoge real as rhubarb .
' or that little rhubarb you pulled in your office the next morning ?
' you start a rhubarb and then you tell me to cool it ? '
she ended up behind the rubber tree , where a small door let out onto a balcony covered in large pots of rhubarb and tomatoes , alongside foxgloves and rhododendrons .
in addition to the massive bride 's cake and the piles of nutty groom 's cakes for the guests to take home , there were rhubarb tarts , stewed cherries , fresh strawberries and purple grapes , gravy boats of clotted cream , and plum pudding .
and we sat in our saturday bedroom and ate three banana chews , five rhubarb custards , ten pink sticky shrimps , four toffees , one piece of fudge , two strawberry chews , and a whole bar of fruit and nut chocolate .
this time she removed a larger jar- the kind southern women use to preserve rhubarb in- and the lid opened with a pop .
not to mention the pie fillings and preserves - peach , plum , rhubarb , apple , cherry .
the waitress drops our rhubarb pie off at the table and we grab our forks .
the waitress finally hangs up her phone , and soon we 're toasting my new sister over rhubarb pie .
i ' m sitting with vanessa at foothills diner , sharing a slice of rhubarb pie with her .
we finish off two more pieces of rhubarb pie and dish up all our gossip , and the pie tastes a little sweeter than usual .
but it had been an easy evening , as we 'd all helped connie prepare a pasta - salad dinner , followed by fresh rhubarb cobbler , and then even indulged in a few of isa 's disorganized , boring rounds of twenty questions .
as the three of them left the house dawn was beginning to break east over the ridge casting a rhubarb hue into the light blue sky .
they showed him where to find berries , figs , rhubarb , watermelon , pomegranate , tasty mushrooms and flowers .
we have plenty of rhubarb , chaiko could not refrain from interjecting , his countenance frozen to hide his merriment .
he was reminded of the days of hunger in the hills last year , when they had subsisted on sour rhubarb for breakfast , at midday and for the evening meal , to fill out the few other foodstuffs they could glean from a countryside that had already been picked clean .
i have a great recipe for rhubarb ... he tried to get out between fits as he saw cosh wince at the mere mention of the word .
cosh had really grown to hate rhubarb , but ate it stoically to give a good example to the younger people , who were even less charitable toward the lowly vegetable .
have you seen any rhubarb about ?
surely things can not be so bad that they must already look for rhubarb .
you should see ... cosh turn his mouth down ... at the mere mention of rhubarb ... ile had difficulty getting the sentence out between spasms of laughter .
ah yah , rhubarb !
my medicine chest included peruvian bark for malaria fever and other powders including rhubarb .
we could look for some rhubarb , tanya said , recalling a time in the hills when they were forced to eat that bitter vegetable for they had not much else to put into their stomachs .
perhaps a rhubarb pie then ?
i hate rhubarb . ''
` ` ' the wizard 's staff '' and ` ` gathering rhubarb '' .
the parting crowd revealed nanny ogg , holding a pitchfork in one hand and a torch in the other and thrusting them both in the air while muttering , ' rhubarb , rhubarb . '
the parting crowd revealed nanny ogg , holding a pitchfork in one hand and a torch in the other and thrusting them both in the air while muttering , ' rhubarb , rhubarb . '
' and maybe some rhubarb .
he said a name like that 'd even work with rhubarb . '
mr groat took a measured spoonful of tincture of rhubarb and cayenne pepper , to keep the tubes open , and checked that he still had the dead mole round his neck , to ward off any sudden attack of doctors .
' i tried it on my rhubarb , ' said the old man , pushing open the door .
or as deep as rhubarb .
but a woman who came up with a palatable wild dog and rhubarb stew is bound to feel as if her hands are tied here .
it was the sound you heard when you were chomping off a bite of fresh rhubarb , mrs . perrine stopped , and ralph watched apprehensively as she made a half - turn and looked out at harris avenue .
she thought the taste would be both tart and sweet , something like a stalk of rhubarb picked early in the morning , or raspberries taken from the bush the day before they came to perfect ripeness .
always busy , dutifully wiping dust just before other dust falls , baking pie after pie : rhubarb , peach , pear , apple , every seasonal delight .
after dinner , carol made coffee and cut into the rhubarb and strawberry pie she had been wearing on her apron earlier that day .
and tell her i remember how good her rhubarb pie tasted at the last church social .
` ` my father 's not a rhubarb fa .
* one thousand memories suddenly flashed in front of angels eyes as quick as lightning : her and heather playing cornhole , eating hot dogs in the summer of 68 at one of the many smith / larson family get - togethers- getting chased by seventy five year old mrs . pritchard for playing in her rhubarb patch when they were nine- heather sitting on her bed crying to angel of how she lost her virginity to jeremy adams and that it hurt and made her bleed - walking the midway at the county fair , teasing boys and eating cotton candy- watching heather give birth to amy , seeing that look of complete happiness on her face at the sound of amys first cries- when they first met at age five and rode their bicycles around in circles for hours and angel feeling so shy- just one hour ago when she gave heather that look of knowing how much she loved her .
fuck fuck fuck and suck suck suck dumb pretty girl that s all you are what are you gon na do with your life your blood no good big girl now your twenty two beauty school fuck queen loser loser sit around bored all night watch heather get high god i love her does she know i love her senior year bored timothy got a hard on wo nt stand up when that bell rings you forgot the sugar cream pie honey how can i focus on the spanish inquisiton when all i wan na do is fuck fuck fuck and suck suck suck splash my girly goo on rons chevelle sounds like fun sittin on heathers bed saturday night painting fingernails blood red waaaay down inside yooouuuu need it jungle exotic rhythm sex trip mind fuck heathers trippin angel clear head laughing oh what a night shhh do nt wake baby amy corn swaying hot wind blowing bloody nightmare come to life i bathed in her blood scream scream scream high and loud angel just like when you get fucked mrs smith sucking on a virginia slim blow smoke out like a dragon oh now angelica do nt you know no one is going to believe you silly dumb girl would like another piece of sugar cream pie mmmm tastes good mrs smith just like your daughter when i dream of her sex in my mouth steve you better tell your girl to shut her damn mouth dark room swaying lightbulb dirty bloody sex show for mom dad and grandma sitting in foldout chairs cheering on their bloody daughter drowning in menstrual blood ca nt breathe words of encouragement as they watch her masturbate with blood wetted fingers willy willy wo nt go home wicked school children chant audreys gon na get you screaming upside down at three am mouth full of metal sharp teeth its just some jerk playing a trick on us blood her in bathed i your pretty face is going to hell smoking hot slut face raven black hair screaming down a dirt path to hell or nowhere loud angry engine revs dancing days are her again no future going knowhere smoke a joint angel its ok its only weed its only rock and roll heather says morticia your bleeding my names not morticia timothy i had a nightmare last night the worst i ever had beaded sweat angels inner thigh that sweet pussy smell make you high drifting through her short short shorter shorts i m a street walking cheetah with a heart full of napalm i do nt want to die angel please take care of my baby i wan na fuck you till the morning light feel the juice run down my leg make me fall right out of bed i think i peed in rons mouth that s not piss sis ooohhhh you girls get out of my rhubarb patch run angelica run were all dead her hair is black as the devil she runs with the crows she s crawling on the floor up to my bed wet sheets wet sheets feeling it in between been masturbating since the age of thirteen red eyes jagged mouth drug heather across the floor very alive lifeless body speaking to angel why did you let him take me away angel all skin and bone mommy use to take her close off for men why did you let go of me angel its called a poloraid camera blood her in bathed i your hands were bloody scream angel scream scream at the sky dad can you help me with my math bleed bleed bleed some more do nt you know daddy your little girl is a whore impaled with knives hung upside down to much happening all at once found love lost love all in one night no sugar tonight blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood in her bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood in her bathed i blood her in bathed i blood her in bathed i blood red her in bathed i blood her in bathed i redi bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood i bathed in her blood red this is dispatch can you hear me ? bloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodbloodblood oh damn !
she baked her pies first , using the canned fillings from the shelves in her pantry and the fresh rhubarb and strawberries from the garden .
a blueberry pie , two strawberry - rhubarb , and one apple .
red and hungry , his tumescence shone , some nine inches of crooked flesh the hardness of granite and the hue of - from top to bottom - aubergine , rhubarb , strawberry and pomegranate .
my mom and dad preferred strawberry - rhubarb , but it was nt nearly sweet enough for me .
` ` shut up , you rancid rhubarb of redmond ! ''
in brighton we were confined to a family room in a guest house in a side street off the seafront where the landlady served us rhubarb pudding four times in a week : rhubarb crumble , rhubarb pie , rhubarb upside down cake and a cold sickly sludge she dished up under the name of rhubarb surprise .
in brighton we were confined to a family room in a guest house in a side street off the seafront where the landlady served us rhubarb pudding four times in a week : rhubarb crumble , rhubarb pie , rhubarb upside down cake and a cold sickly sludge she dished up under the name of rhubarb surprise .
in brighton we were confined to a family room in a guest house in a side street off the seafront where the landlady served us rhubarb pudding four times in a week : rhubarb crumble , rhubarb pie , rhubarb upside down cake and a cold sickly sludge she dished up under the name of rhubarb surprise .
but the only pink things in those days , apart from rhubarb , were sticks of rock and pinkie , the gangland protagonist of graham greenes early novel which centred on the seedy underworld goings - on at the race track and the penny arcades on the palace pier .
strawberry rhubarb ?
would , say , janice treska , wearing devils - pitchfork press - on nails , and a monster - truck - rally t - shirt , eat bits of smoked duck sausage swaddled in a thimbles worth of caramelized onion , rhubarb and paprika reduction sauce ?
there s cherry rhubarb jam or my own lemon curd .
i can be patient and waita year for rhubarb , a couple for asparagus , or a lifetime for wisteria or for that stubborn grapefruit that i grew from seed that likes to leaf but never flowers or fruits .
i ignored her and once outside i tried to step only on the patches of soft untouched snow at the edges of the rhubarb patch .
catherine showed me where she intended to plant a rhubarb patch .
do you think the rain will hurt the rhubarb ?
rain gon na damage the rhubarb crop this year ?
as he walked he struck this way and that at the tall leaves of the wild rhubarb that dared cross his path .
on a card - table in the half - finished kitchen milford laid out two mugs of coffee and two large pieces of strawberry - rhubarb pie .
aunt vi was busy in the big country kitchen , pinching a fluted edge on a pie -- strawberry and rhubarb , if i was n't mistaken .
she loaded a wooden tray with old plastic plates and bowls , flatware , cereal , bananas , butter and a basket of rhubarb almond muffins that she had snagged from her home freezer .
the man from blackstones farm shop wants two dozen apple and a dozen rhubarb .
grew it like a rhubarb bed in spring .
the bakery was known for its delicious tarts in a variety of flavors - strawberry - rhubarb , apple , cherry , chocolate truffle , fresh berry , lemon , plum and pecan .
deirdre brought out some lovely sandwiches followed by a delicious strawberry rhubarb tart !
irene had taught kenny how to cook , and tonight he would make a rhubarb fool .
she made a bowl of potato salad and baked a rhubarb cake , one of jordan 's favorites .
` ` that cake does n't happen to be rhubarb , does it ? ''
` ` what about the one for rhubarb crunch ? ''
` ` there 's fresh rhubarb this week . ''
anything with a very high content of copper or sulfur - oh , rhubarb .
i did n't know whether the antibacterial effect of honey would be likewise effective against an amoeba , but it could n't hurt - and might conceivably make the mixture a little more palatable ; it was shaping up to be more than a trifle eye - watering , between the onions , the garlic , and the rhubarb .