for a few moments there was silence between them as they both gazed up at the blue sky winking in and out between the boughs of the pine .
* * * * * claire froze as she approached the tent where it lay secluded in a stand of wiry pine trees .
he half - led , half - nudged her over to an old fallen log , all that was left of an enormous pine that stood sentinel here when he was a child .
they were traveling through a mixed forest in which cedar , hemlock and pine predominated .
on her reconnaissance the other night , she 'd even discovered a place she could pull into the woods and hide her truck among a thick clump of pines .
jake 's came first , tucked off beside the lane flanked by two tall pine trees .
late that afternoon , ned threw his truck into 4 x 4 mode and drove off the main road onto an unmarked , snow - covered track that led into a sparse pine forest .
staring up at a leaden sky between lodgepole pines , she realized the snow and the cold were now her enemies again .
parker must have dozed off under the low - lying branches of the huge pine .
but if parker was in the pines , they would n't have any luck .
she grabbed her supplies , the handful of markers , and entered the acres of pines .
it was darker in the pines , so emily turned on her flashlight .
a man named parker davis is lost out in the pines .
` ` we need a team to go in these pines .
emily looked towards the darkened pines and wrapped her arms around herself .
grabbing as many supplies as she could , she ran to the pines to take cover .
luckily the pines kept him fairly dry and offered protection .
parker davis is in those pines someplace .
it stormed pretty good , but in those thick pines it was relatively dry .
she rode as fast as the rough terrain would allow towards the side of the pines where it would lessen the amount of time on foot .
they were leaving the urban world behind and climbing the mountains , the trees turning to pines as they went deeper into the woods .
they rode through the tall pines , hemlock and fir trees .
she knew they were alone now but eventually they would reach civilization and she did n't want any stray pine needles to give away their post flight activities to anyone she might run into later .
tall pine trees swayed when a blustery wind gusted .
pines , oaks , maples , aspen .
` ` but those pines along the side of the house will have to be cut way back or down altogether .
their scent rose up into the air and twisted with the ever - present aroma of pines .
the surrounding pines had been trimmed back , still providing shade for the cabin but no longer threatening to tip over in a storm .
at the top , a barricade of ancient stone walls and massive pine trees guarded the fortress .
the car carrying andre and tasha and her parents had long since disappeared behind the ancient stone walls and massive pine trees that barricaded the estate .
she had always liked the gracious style of the place , its wide verandahs with their ornate white iron - lace finish and the old - fashioned bullnose iron roof which was painted the same dark green as the norfolk pines that stood in the grounds .
she spotted luc instantly , seated on a park bench under the shade of one of the norfolk pines that skirted the shoreline .
chapter two the grounds of boronia house were picture perfect : wonderful old pine trees shading glorious banks of azaleas in full bloom .
they were alone together , waiting in the shade of a giant pine tree for the next group photo - call .
as he drove them along the island road , which ran between towering norfolk pines and masses of palm trees , he pointed out the bowling club , the school , the hospital , the island museum , the bicycle hire shop , the boat - shed where they could arrange snorkelling and diving trips or go out to the reef in a glass - bottom boat .
the resort town was abuzz with people , pavement cafes crowded with patrons , the picnic tables under the norfolk pines that lined the beachfront occupied by families , the beach itself a kaleidoscope of colour with sun umbrellas , bright towels , deckchairs and masses of people in their swimming gear .
a sharp wind whipped through the surrounding pine trees , rustling the needles and sending patches of snow falling to the ground with muffled plops .
snow hugged the slanted roof and clung to the pines and aspens crowding the front yard .
she 'd worked alongside him and his employees to trim the pines into christmas tree shape and along the way she 'd become as much a part of the land as mike was .
some preferred working with the scotch pines and a couple thought the douglas fir , that did n't really require shearing , was the better tree anyway .
` ` that 's good news , '' she said , letting her gaze slide across the pines and firs they passed along the way .
scotch pines bristled against her bare arms as she walked past and ivy noticed the pristine shaping her crews had managed .
the scent of the pines filled every breath and even in the heat of summer , he got the draw .
he did n't know a pine from a fir , but he could see that the place was well cared for .
she glanced up at him as they walked slowly down a row of scotch pines .
the ones in there are solid white pine .
oak trees rattled bare limbs , and the tall pines swayed with each gust .
and they were light oak instead of pine , but she had n't asked him that , had she ?
he looked at her as she stood there , shivering a little in the cold wind blowing through the pines .
the lodge itself was surrounded by tall pines , and the wind whispering through the branches sounded like sighs .
as they came to the edge of the lawn , the rising sun began to clear the treetops , spilling what looked like gold dust across the tips of the pines .
` ` just around that bend there , by the crooked pine .
a single , heavy rope was the base of the bridge with more ropes angling up from the base in a v. stretched between two tall pines , the bridge was only four feet off the ground , so anyone falling was n't going to die .
with her heart in her throat , daisy shoved through low - hanging pine branches , hardly noticing when the limbs and needles poked at her .
overhead , the blinding searchlight of a police helicopter moved restlessly over the pines , lighting the way for the teams of searchers and dog handlers who were combing in the dark for clues .
the rest area was still a quarter mile away , shielded from view of the highway by a stand of pine trees , when julie reduced her speed to thirty and turned the steering wheel a fraction of an inch at a time to begin angling off the highway .
and just when she thought the drive could n't get worse , they 'd turned onto a twisting road so narrow that the branches of the thick black pines on either side of it reached out and brushed against the sides of the car .
there in the middle of a secluded clearing in the dense pines was a magnificent house made of native stone and cedar and surrounded by wooden decks , with huge expanses of glass .
overhead , heavy snow clouds were piled high and the wind was howling through the pines , rattling the window panes .
shaking with a combination of exhilaration and fear , julie careened through the trees , fighting for control of the machine beneath her , sideswiping pine branches and skirting boulders beneath the snow .
the plateau was much narrower than it had seemed , and for terrifying seconds , she was airborne , soaring toward the tops of a thick stand of pine trees , then the nose of the snowmobile dived to earth like an out - of - control rocket , heading straight for a clump of trees and , a few feet beyond them , the creek .
dazed with relief and a little disoriented , julie lay beside the pine that had broken her fall and she watched a snowmobile shoot over the edge of the embankment .
` ` i landed in the embrace of a large pine tree . ''
chapter 34 zack got to his feet and concentrated on brushing snow off his hair and jacket and legs , but he was n't immune to the sudden exhilaration that came from being outdoors beneath a bright blue sky , surrounded by a winter wonderland of snow - covered pine trees and in the company of a young woman who had suddenly turned playful .
he landed flat on his back with an audible thud at her feet while her laughter pealed like bells through the pines .
in the distance she could see the archway and the giant bronze pine nut that welcomed everyone to the federal hill section of providence .
the house was ensconced within an explosion of dense thickets of palm trees , pines and cypresses .
` ` my sister and i used to make hideouts and tracks through the macrocarpa pines when we were growing up .
the morning view from the kitchen was sensational - mountains , sugar - coated pine trees , and an impossibly clear blue sky - but this room was directly positioned in front of a picture - perfect waterfall .
piper stared blankly out at the blur of ragged mountains , snow , pines , and rock .
hood pointed to the corner of the living room that faced north and said , ` ` it 's down there , near a group of tall pines and a broken down split rail fence .
she opened the door to his walk - in closet and took a deep breath of his trademark scent - pine trees in summer sun .
pine trees stood tall on both sides of her car .
` ` i ' m fine , '' he said , liking the way julie looked with the lake tahoe pines behind her .
little did she know he was just talking about taking a dip in a private beach he knew about deep in the pines .
he turned around and headed for a shady spot beneath an enormous pine .
and then she saw it : the tahoe pines bar and grill .
desolation wilderness was rugged terrain , but this forest was the backyard playground for the tahoe pines hotshot crew .
nearly two decades later , he 'd filled his mentor 's shoes as superintendent of the tahoe pines hotshot crew .
shifting into four - wheel drive up a narrow dirt road off highway 50 , certain that the crew would be out on the mountain fighting the fire , she bypassed the tahoe pines hotshot station and headed straight for the ridgetop .
he 'd grown from an out - of - control , confused teenager to a man in this log cabin beneath the pines .
the tahoe pines hotshots had a mother of a fire to put out .
tahoe pines had been his hotshot crew for fifteen years , and after watching connor head off in an ambulance , these guys desperately needed his leadership .
but the tahoe pines hotshots would shoulder the blame .
the pine trees were too mature and tall for her to get a signal .
the tahoe pines bar and grill was the last place either of them wanted to go , but it would be beyond awkward to explain to david why heading to that particular establishment was a very bad idea .
much like joseph 's , it was a narrow pathway between tall pines .
slowly , gently , she brushed away dirt and pine needles with the pads of her fingers down the length of his back .
but even as she took in the newly charred hillsides where tall pines had stood only days before , the truly important question remained : who was responsible for everything that had happened since the desolation wilderness fire began ?
ever since joining the tahoe pines hotshot crew fifteen years earlier , his decisions had been clear - cut .
after confirming via radio that they 'd caught the last of the fires , joe flew sam back to the tahoe pines station .
of the twenty men currently on the tahoe pines crew , only logan and connor had been around ten years ago when dianna was still in the picture .
the rest of the hotshot crew was already out on the mountain fighting the fire by the time they arrived at the tahoe pines station thirty minutes later .
when the casino lights had fallen away and the moon shone bright through the tall pines , he shut down his engine and held out his hand .
suddenly it seemed important that he know just how difficult it had been - both then and now - to stop worrying about him and the rest of the men she 'd known on the tahoe pines crew .
the three of them remained silent as they drove between tall pines and towering redwoods .
clearly getting frustrated with his reticence , she asked , ` ` you must be one of the more established guys on the tahoe pines crew , right ? ''
and then , suddenly , sand and dirt and pine needles were whipping into her eyes , and dianna realized whirring helicopter blades were breaking apart the silence of the forest .
connor had wanted to camp outside the forest service headquarters until they agreed to sign his umpteenth round of appeal papers , the papers that would put him back on his tahoe pines hotshot crew .
he could n't imagine leaving the tahoe pines hotshot crew for good .
compared to the scrubby pine woods or desert that covered most of the land around town , fairy canyon was an exotic oasis .
the house was flanked by colossal pine and oak trees on a lush green park , that spread out for what seemed like miles .
it 's late , but the full moon casts a glow over the towering pines that grow so thick along the side of the road that it seems as though we are traveling through a tunnel .
then we are cresting the rise , and all i see is an alpine chateau looming in front of us , nestled among the towering pines .
what a beautiful tree , '' she exclaimed , moving past gerard to admire the eight - foot pine decorated with tiny white lights and handcrafted german ornaments , some of them clearly antiques .
pine trees towered above them .
how could she walk away from the spectacular vista of gold and green fields against the backdrop of the pine - covered hills spread out beyond the sliding glass door ?
or eating supper at the twin pines . ''
letting the horses lead them around scrub cedar and stunted pines .
was n't like the sage , rocks , cactus , and lorelei james scrub pines were unique .
colt tied laramie to a good - sized pine and ignored the stallion 's angry snorts .
` ` there 's a situation over at the twin pines . ''
` ` they 're keeping your deposit for the party and you ' ve been banned from twin pines indefinitely . ''
i ' ve been off since i finished up at twin pines . ''
dewey 's or the twin pines . ''
i ' ve been banned from twin pines .
ever since the night last year that she 'd gone out and found trouble with his assorted mckay cousins ' wives at the twin pines .
after the twin pines banquet workers cleared the dinner plates , the head table was disassembled to make room for the wedding dance and members of the wedding party were relocated .
whoops and catcalls echoed around the campfire while brandt mckay seethed in the shadows of the pine trees .
the sunday trip into the woods with landon to chop down the perfect pine tree had n't started on a fun note .
devil 's tower jutted up , the land surrounding it a rainbow palette of red dirt , dark green pine trees , caramel - colored buttes against the backdrop of a cloudless blue sky .
heat beat down , but being so high up , a constant breeze stirred the air , bringing the scent of sun warmed pine and chalky dust .
i have n't seen you at the golden boot , ziggy 's or the twin pines in forever . ''
if you want steak , the twin pines is the best option .
` ` twin pines it is . ''
` ` did you pick twin pines because you knew there 'd be a bevy of women hovering around ?
it was too bad georgia had hired him to work the pine haven rodeo tomorrow .
she scrolled through the text : sorry , but i have to back out of judging the pine haven rodeo today .
i ' m short a judge for the pine haven rodeo today .
i hope the pine haven rodeo continues for many years . ''
she told him about tell backing out of the pine haven rodeo .
` ` i did do the math and came up one judge short for the pine haven rodeo today , '' georgia said sweetly .
besides , the pine haven rodeo is small - time . ''
` ` it is partially my fault tell was n't at the pine haven rodeo .
i ' m sorry for bailing on the pine haven rodeo .
or to the twin pines ?
` ` i lost the twin pines bread account today .
` ` the twin pines is the first place that contracted me for baked goods before the bakery closed .
` ` after i left the twin pines today , i did n't immediately start researching other restaurants i could sell to , to fill the gap . ''
i ' m pretty sure losing the twin pines and creekside bandb business will only be a blip in your daily routine .
` ` she bartends at the twin pines on the side .
ca n't for the life of me understand why you 're still slinging drinks at the twin pines . ''
rory got a little misty - eyed thinking about when sierra had shown up at the twin pines with her dad and rory 's mom on her twenty - first birthday so rory could make her first legal drink .
or at the twin pines ? ''
anyway , are you working at the twin pines tonight ? ''
she could quit working at the twin pines .
he 'd hoped to spend it with rory , but then he remembered she worked at the twin pines after her regular job .
you show up at the twin pines and bully - kiss me into giving you my phone number . ''
i gave notice at the twin pines .
` ` then the night i caught up with you at the twin pines ?
` ` you only punched me once when i ambushed you at the twin pines . ''
since i ' ve been back in sundance i either worked at the twin pines or i stayed home .
one night they 'd gone out to listen to a band at the twin pines .
` ` the twin pines is a supper club outside of sundance . ''
dillon was waiting by the hostess stand at the twin pines when rory arrived .
` ` twin pines . ''
as always , living in a small town they ran into several people they knew at twin pines .
` ` it has competition : ziggy 's , twin pines , the rusty spur .
her heart heavy , amanda watched as they passed by the antebellum mansions where large oaks and pines were draped with tons of hanging spanish moss .
a rocking chair swayed gently in a southerly breeze that blew in over the mountains , the air carrying a hint of jasmine and pine .
somewhere among the tall pines sat magnolia hills .
she smelled the damp pine around them , heard the bubbling of a nearby waterfall .
the bear clan was slowly filing down the stairs and gathering into the two main parlors where dual twelve - foot - tall pines were decorated .
the figure of a distorted old man limped through a wide space between two tall pine trees .
leading the way , imogenia picked a spot beneath several towering pine trees and gave storm a pointed look when she asked , ` ` what about your fighter ? ''
she picked up the pace down the rolling elevation to the foot of the mountain , where pine trees swayed in the breeze .
bending her knees , she resumed her position behind a thick pine tree to watch yet another dock , the same position she 'd held since arriving in st . marys ninety minutes ago .
twenty - one once the boat dropped them on cumberland island , storm kept his senses wide open as he led evalle along a winding footpath through a forest of pines , sprawling oaks and palm trees .
the forest blanketing the mountain was old growth , the pines and hardwoods so dense that sunlight barely reached the moist ground - not that she had to worry about that any longer .
every time she stepped on green pine needles , their crisp scent erupted .
` ` i have to keep it together , '' i said finally , folding my arms around me as i stared at the rapidly passing pines .
no sooner than those words popped out of my brother 's mouth , a blue and red and white form followed the path of the door , zooming across the road and slamming into a pine .
sirens went off as the roll hit the pines lining the road .
the pines flew across the road like a giant clothesline , catching and picking up the line of glowing figures , carrying them across the road into the other thick stand of pines .
the pines flew across the road like a giant clothesline , catching and picking up the line of glowing figures , carrying them across the road into the other thick stand of pines .
we turned , just like the other luxen did , as six dark - colored helicopters crested the tall pines .
sparks flew as the helicopter veered sharply , spinning out of control and into the pines .
dee hesitated , and then she turned , shifting into light and disappearing among the thick pines .
chopper wings beat at the air , and within seconds , another black hawk crested the pines , easing down in the middle of the street a couple yards from us , kicking up wind and causing my hair to whip out from underneath daemon 's arm as i pressed tighter against him .
the great massive oaks and pines around us shook , branches rattled , and birds - thousands of them - took flight , their wings beating into the air as they circled high above the colony of homes , veering sharply to head in the direction of where we 'd come from .
krit picked up the virginia pine tree we had picked out together at the christmas tree farm , carried it over to the corner , and stood it up .
` ` that 's called a ponderosa pine , '' dr . alwood explains .
ahead of us is nothing but wide - open straw - colored fields , peppered with those ponderosa pines .
meredith points to the other side of the garage , past a dilapidated farm fence and through a thin line of those ponderosa pines , to a much more modern but small gray bungalow with a sloped red roof and big bay windows .
he found himself enveloped by the scents of the scotch pines , the dark cold earth beneath his feet , the brave blades of early spring grass crushed beneath his shoe , the faint scent of new flowers .
the wind whistled here among the pines .
he held to the trunks of two small pines as if they were the bars of a prison , and he looked down into the dark little space in which they played , dancing in their small and ludicrous circle .
and he let himself keel over and land upon the forest floor , so that he could see straight up through the lacy branches of the pines , the stars spread out gloriously above the fleece of the clouds , and the moon sailing gently northward .
the moon drew her veil and then lowered it again , and the soft breeze made the pines shiver ever so slightly , and the wind swept down as if urging him onward .
the branches of the pine or whatever tree did not lose their leaves .
and there , many feet above , was the path to the great cave , a yawning mouth altogether hidden now by pine and oak and yew trees .
i think you kids should ride the pine in this one . ''
the hum of a binding circle grew oppressive , and algaliarept found himself in a dusky garden surrounded by dark pines , the sky above them still holding the fading light of the sunset and fluttering blue butterflies .
and when his eyes went to the full moon rising above the fragrant pines , his smile faded in a wash of worry .
through the smoked glass , the moon shown through the trees - tall , huge pine trees green in the snow and moonlight .
` ` kay , '' he whispered , not altogether conscious when someone smelling like a pine tree wedged a shoulder under him and lifted .
thorny berry bushes made an almost impenetrable fence , but her mother had gotten through somehow , and the old woman knelt at the base of the pine tree , her sun hat askew on the ground and her hair undone .
the echo of her anger and frustration came back to her from the surrounding trees as she stood in the rocky ground beside the dead pine tree and watched her mother jump from rock to rock as if she was ten .
arms crossed , i leaned against the prickly solidness of a tall pine tree , and vowed i would n't ever feel bad about saving susan 's life .
i sat back down , enjoying the scent of good earth and spicy pine that came from him .
the air was warm , perfect and scented with wildflowers , citrus and pine .
cool night air wafted around him , bringing with it the scents of pine , night birds , and seductive moonlight .
i sucked in a breath , the scent of sun , pine , and blooming flowers taunting me with their vibrant freshness .
swiftly bride breathed in and out , the scent of pine and sky intensifying .
pine , water , blood , with no taint of spices or food .
maybe i should ride the pine for those .
her body was warm , fragrant with pine , and every time she had moved , his nerve endings had come alive .
i ' ve been bana , pine , efron and dicaprio , as well .
` ` this is the most important mission of your lives and you 're riding pine on the sidelines ?
fur , hay , pine .
knew the land would smell of sea salt and pine .
jean - luc was a little over six feet tall and smelled of pine .
they were slightly fogged over from the warmth inside meeting the freezing temperatures outside but not enough to hide the tall pines framing the view that opened up to the crystal blue water that seemed to go on forever .
the towering pine trees ensure that the sun does not make my jeep a sauna , which in turn makes sure that i wo n't have to kill myself in the afternoon because the car is too hot .
it smelled like pine and fresh water , even though the maze was planted of shrub , and though the sun was bright outside these walls , the shadows behind them were thick , making it dark down here .
next thing i know , i ' m being hauled away in some pine box . ''
we fall into a companionable silence for a while , walking in the shadows of the forest , with sunlight falling through the tall pine trees .
she 's moved into the shade from one of the looming pines , separating herself out from the group .
the road continued to weave as the trees began thinning out , sunshine sporadically breaking through the needles of the many pines .
the whole area was enclosed by trees of every shape and size before they gave way to the pines that made up the forest .
around me , the pines were becoming taller and the gaps between them smaller .
with the pines came a more unkempt landscape , beyond the care of the gardeners , where brambles teased my skin and the juice of rotting blackberries smeared across my hands as i pushed the chains aside , snagged and strung between the lowest hanging branches .
a little closer , the thames river snaked inland , marshes at its fringes which eventually gave way to pines which sloped uphill until they suddenly broke into bare and baron oaks , which in turn gave way to a blur of lighter green and white - the main grounds of the varns ' mansion , far below us .
without making a sound , he etched nearer to the creature , which was completely oblivious to the predator until the light from the moon , creeping between the pines , was blocked by a large shadow .
but my attention did n't linger long on such a depressing place , as the ground leveled out and pine trees began to appear , lining the road for a good mile .
the scrub pine was a bright , almost neon green , and the few trees in view boasted brilliant leaves of orange and yellow and red .
coop pulls me back into the shadow of a pine and points over to a sea of bodies dancing and laughing within the well - manicured yard of some ritzy estate .
the pines weave together at their distal points , leaving pinpricks of lavender sky up above .
the scent of dirt and pines mingle with the wind , intoxicating , as if it 's casting some primal spell over us , and it makes me feel heady .
cooper the small army of pines stamp around sleepy hollow like overgrown swords spiked into the soil .
it 's cold as hell with the frost already coating the pines - the grass .
the air holds the scent of pines and unearthed soil as a few restless bodies sprint by , sacrificing sleep for fitness .
kres pines for me , and i ' m not remotely ` ` into '' her anymore .
the cedars and pines interlock sharp as knives until it 's almost impossible to move any further .
asterion snatches coop by the ankle and swings him like a baseball bat against the fat trunk of a pine .
the bushy pines open up to a clearing .
i remember her words and the soft mannerism in which she spoke them as i stumble from branch to branch , ripping a hole in my jeans , and losing my jacket on the offshoot of a pine .
he pulls me to safety behind the trunk of a pine and then lunges at the monster .
something darts out of the pine to my left , and i let out a sharp cry .
my stomach does a soft roll as i pick up speed , heading into the atmosphere , high as the uppermost branches of the pines .
wesley 's voice roars across acres of woodland , vibrating the needles on the pines around me .
i do n't remember any night in kansas looking so magical or smelling so alive with the ripe scent of pines - the sweet fragrance of white oak layered just beneath .
i ' m pretty sure pines lack the ability to bend in that manner .
he pauses , leading us over to a ponderosa pine , sturdy and stout , a true architectural feat of nature that 's immense enough to house every bird on the planet .
the reserve of moonlight filters through the pines and glazes his hair a wash of powder blue .
i ca n't stand myself for wanting that - for secretly hoping that cooper flanders pines for me on some level .
wes comes around and holds me just shy of the curtain of ebony pines .
the stench of sour milk spikes through my nostrils - ruins the efforts of the pines as they bleed their rich scent into the night .
i sail past the first few layers of pines before looking back at the dull cast of light emanating from the paxton house .
kenny pulls me along until we 're tucked behind the b and b , with a tall row of pines buffering us from it .
i trail around the pines and in and out of the shadows , taunting her to catch me .
every now and again you can see a touch of the ocean through the pines , and if i were n't hauling a psychotic to her brother 's trailer park i 'd offer to take her to the beach for a while .
i take in a deep lungful of night air coated with the scent of pines and honeysuckle .
i gaze out the window at the pines that trail down as far as the eye can see and take a deep breath .
i give his chest a playful scratch as we take in the sharp scent of the pines .
pine tree cove is about seven miles up the coast , and thanks to my good sense of direction , and even better gps , we manage not to miss the turnoff .
pine tree cove .
the sweet scent of pines perfumes the air as the heat expels their oils into the air .
skyla and i walk out front where the cool night air sifts over us , infused with the scent of ripe pines .
something catches her attention off in the ebony pines , and i follow her gaze .
we veer off the main road and drive down a curtain of pines .
i pat my head for signs of blood before glancing at the glorified stick neatly planted in the trunk of a pine just shy of where i ' m standing .
it 's bliss just hanging out , watching mother nature rouse from her slumber , sleepy - eyed , as the pines stretch their limbs high to the sky .
the pines etch themselves against the landscape like petrified soldiers as if god , himself , had called them to look after the residents of paragon .
the island is heated just enough to bring out the earthiness of the pines .
dudley knots my shirt up with his fists and jams me into the trunk of a pine so damn hard i swear i ' ve left an impression .
dead evergreens with pallid tendrils break our fall as chloe and i slice down the sides of the pines until i grab onto one and jump the rest of the length to the ground , soft as a whisper .
i reach the lip of the woods and try to catch my breath as the fog weaves through the maze of pines .
behind him , carved lovingly in the trunk of an enormous sugar pine , are the words gage + skyla - the word forever etched just below .
a heavy swish slices through the narrow space between us and we follow the offense to find a freshly planted arrow in the trunk of a pine .
the air is fresh with the heavy scent of moist earth and pine .
a fingerlike shadow falls from a lone pine and fills the expanse i ' m standing in .
nev swoops down from the top bough of a pine .
the pines glow verdant and supple .
a miniature replica of the island stretches for an unreasonable length , decked out in a series of fake pine trees and tiny wooden houses .
i keep low to the ground where the smoke is thin and crawl until i hit the first set of pines .
the scent of crisp morning pines infiltrates our senses .
the shadowed pines encompass it like a garrison - wrap its arms around the infirmary , thick as a cloak .
a waxy film douses the outside world with just enough fog to soften the hard edges of the pines , the needle - like protrusions of the still bald maples .
between the dark shadows of the pines i can see the pounding surf , the hard white spray of the sea sift through the fog .
the pretty one pines for you dead or alive , how magnificent that must make you feel .
i spy on gage like a hunter , listening from afar as he hums a sad song in the shower , as he contemplates what 's become of me while he lies under the branches of a hundred year old pine .
i open my bedroom window and take in a breath of fresh morning air , scented thick with pomade from the pines .
logan slips down beneath the vehicle while gage is struck over and over , pinned up against the trunk of a weathering pine .
i swat him away and manage to wrangle free a moment , only to have him pin my hands behind my back - my chest pushed hard into the trunk of a serrated pine .
lightning dazzles the sky with all of god 's vengeance and touches down its crooked torch on a lone pine to the left of the clearing .
the hawthorne bushes have grown up over the railing , and the pines that barricade our property from brielle 's have thickened .
i can see the tips of pines straight ahead and for a moment i wonder why i ' m practically above them .
next to the stalwart pine stands demetri draped in a long black trench coat .
logan appears by my side , slightly out of breath , and walks shoulder to shoulder with me as we enter the dark canopy of stalwart pines .
a steady stream of rain pats softly against the window as i pull myself up to get a good look at the bleak pines on the other side of the glass .
he throws them in the air , and they land perfectly around the fifteen - foot pine standing erect in the middle of the room .
i pause behind a small fortress of ingrown pines , trying to ration my breathing as i lie still and listen .
the pines release their oils into the night air creating a dramatic , sweet , woodsy scent that awakens your memory , reminds you of all the things you cherish .
the earth smells sweet and the pines give off their fresh scented oils as an offering to the morning .
logan walks us in between a pair of twin pines , creating the perfect barrier between us and the rest of the world .
the coast emerges as we cross the threshold of what feels like rows of never - ending pines .
the field sits nestled in a clearing amidst a circle of dense overgrown pines .
an entire thicket of overgrown pines , barricades my view .
i race down to the waterline and duck behind the shadowy pines , plucking and pulling at my clothes until i ' m as naked as the day i was born .
we 're secluded with a bed of pines all around , nothing but rolling oaks filling in the blank spaces .
we find a spot that 's partially in the shade , provided by a lonely pine shooting from the center of the mass group of boulders and take a seat .
i shake my head as i pick up a twig that 's drifted from the pine .
i park the cougar just shy of the towering pines and find a secluded clearing to set up the tent .
i embed us in a clearing under the pines and scoop reese into my arms as i take us inside our little orange love shack .
a tall row of pines campaign for my attention .
the thick scent of pines perfume the vicinity with the slight after bite of fresh mountain soil .
a sign appears that reads , welcome to hollow brook as the city turns decidedly rural , and strip malls are replaced with dense emerald pines .
the leaves have yellowed , and it 's a startling effect against the backdrop of the pale blue granite of the mountains , the supple verdant pines .
the pale glow of the moon highlights the water while the pines hover above like guardians that cole himself sent to protect my virginity .
it 's no secret ryder still pines for laney .
baya belts out a laugh , and her voice rises to the top of the pines , before spiraling off to heaven .
baya giggles it out loud enough for her voice to carry up to the pines .
i take a deep breath enjoying the scent of the pine trees and cold snow .
layne approached two twenty - three keeping out of sight behind a big pine tree .
leading up to what had to be three - story , arched , double doors was a sweeping staircase that looked to be carved from ice and up both sides were green , tapered miniature pine trees .
the vistas dotted with green pines tufted with white .
we were riding through pines that were set far apart but he steered the horses closer to one and he did this speaking .
the pine trees stark green against its white and the so - very - blue of the sky , the tufts of snow on the trees ' branches thick and fluffy .
all around it was cleared so the dark pines and leafless trees framed it from a distance making it look like something from a postcard .
the front had nothing leading up to it but a lane through a proud stand of pines that had clearly been planted in a way they looked like tall green soldiers at attention .
chapter twenty - one the path to vengeance apollo rode anguish hard through the snow , the needles of the pines whipping unheeded against his face and body , his torso ducking and swaying to avoid branches .
but i can not tell you how happy i was when the frozen tundra and snow - tufted pine trees formed around us .
twigs snapped under his feet , and thick oak trees and pines surrounded him on every side like the bars of an oversize cage .
a glance out the window confirms that we 're in the middle of nowhere , surrounded by snow - covered fields and pine forests , still far from moscow .
my fur hat is back in the train car , so the snowflakes fall through the pines into my hair , dampening it .
keep going- i sink to my knees beside one of the larger pines .
but as the late afternoon sun begins to paint the tops of the pines gold and orange , we see an encampment in the distance - and flying overhead is the red and white russian flag .
shivering , i inhaled the scent of pine and rich soil .
large pines reached around the boulders jutting out of the ground , and beyond the rocks was nothing but the fall - the fall i had to have taken .
nothing beyond a few small pine trees and the occasional culvert .
her eyes widened as she took in the large pine tree that was leaning precariously from the tub of sand it had been stuck in , defying all attempts by the vampires to stand straight .
i shivered against the cold night breeze and practically tasted the scent of the pine trees .
the thermometer hanging on the trunk of a nearby pine tree told her the temperature had dropped ten degrees since morning .
as a burst of wind shook the tall pines outside the log cabin and mary came back to the present , she realized she was standing in the middle of the living room , holding the felt bag against her chest , over her heart .
the crowds of famous actors and models with whom she 'd celebrated her birthdays in previous years had nothing on a quiet picnic in the tahoe pines with her husband .
all of her senses came to life as he carried her surely and steadily down the narrow path between the tall pines .
made of iron slats and topped with fleur - de - lis cappers , pine grove 's boundary was imposing ... and dangerous if you tried to scale it .
but a sudden rainstorm was not what he was worried about : down on the ground , in and among the pines , shadows were moving , and not because someone was working a flashlight around the forest .
pulling in between the cast - iron gates of pine grove cemetery , he checked the clock on the dash : three thirty .
instead , he was focused on the cedar trees and the maples , the oaks and the pines , looking for downed limbs , or branches that were hanging half - dead .
then he was off , his wings carrying him over the residential neighborhood and toward the area of town where the pine grove cemetery took up acres and acres of land .
whoever it was stayed hidden in and among the pines for the most part , and surveyed the property from various vantage points for approximately nineteen minutes ... before traversing the westerly border of trees , crossing into the neighbor 's property , and going down onto the ice .
straightening up so the full force of that cold blast hit him square in the face , qhuinn glared into the rush , picturing those pines ahead that he could n't see because his eyes were watering from the wind .
flashing out ahead at clips of fifteen to twenty yards , he found pines to shield himself behind as she progressed back toward the mansions , her skis eating up the snow - covered ground .
not even the limbs of the pines shifted in any kind of wind .
standing amongst the pines and oaks , his combat boots planted in the crusty snow , he looked up even though he could not see the apex of the mount .
they were at the presidio , only ten minutes from san francisco , golfing among century - old eucalyptus and monterey pine trees .
located just off maxwelton beach , tucked into a stand of thick pine trees , the house itself reminded madison of something from a thomas kinkade painting -- romantic to the point of being whimsical .
caleb parked next to a stand of pine trees and got out to have a look around .
allowing his smile to persist - at least this subject distracted him from his illness - he gazed out at the velvet - green pine trees , the clear blue sky , the black ribbon of road .
tilting her head back , she stared up at the sky and breathed in the scent of pine .
when he spotted the back of the cabin peeking through the pines , he felt a huge surge of relief .
pine trees .
the smell of pine was stronger than ever - pine and wood and moist earth .
` ` smell the pine , hear the cicadas . ''
locating a large , sharp rock , he began to dig at the base of a tall pine .
even the inside of his truck smelled clean and nice - like the pine trees surrounding his cabin .
the air smelled strongly of fresh pine , a scent that definitely had n't been there before .
yet something as simple as the crackling fire beneath the large stone mantel in the living room , the lingering scent of pine and smoke or a glimpse of the snow - covered mountains crouched protectively on either side of the house flooded him with images and snatches of conversation he thought he 'd completely forgotten .
in addition to creosote and cacti , they now saw some oak and pine .
` ` near spruce pine ? ''
` ` you know how small spruce pine is ? ''
the air smells of mountains and pines .
the wind rustles , swirling the scent of pine around our temporary campsite .
` ` so i like pine trees , '' he finishes .
the branches from the pine trees were hanging low due to the weight of it all .
the fence around the swimming pool blocks the view to rhea 's house and a large pine tree blocks the view to my house .
the road narrowed , lodgepole pines and quaking aspens crowding up against the shoulders .
in the summer we eat salmon with arugula and pine nuts .
jude yanked me against a large pine tree , crushing us into the shelter of its branches .
it took a few tries for them to answer , and i could imagine mom and dad arguing about how to do it , just like the stupid pine tree .
he 's definitely not cutting down the pine tree .
` ` oak , pine , mahogany , maple , red chestnut , cherry , walnut . ''
the pine , the hint of fall in air , the way everything felt so untouched and natural , even the dust the tires kicked up made it feel like someplace i had never been before and was lucky to be now .
they both have eyes the color of pine .
miranda and i were both so exhausted from shopping that the last thing we wanted to do was walk around the lined rows of pine and spruce trees until our indecisive daughter made up her mind .
each one looked different and they were surrounded by large pine trees giving each yard complete privacy .
and i felt al the things that she had : her knees moving from side to side , the spray of snow against her legs , the cold air burning her lungs , even the blur of the ice - crusted pine trees as she zipped past them .
to my relief , i did n't spot the monster lurking in the snow - crusted pines .
i might not be the outdoorsy type , but i 'd seen enough nature programs on television to realize i had two choices : stay where i was , get swept away by the avalanche , and die or make a run for the tree line and hope that the gnarled , knotty pines would shield me from the snow .
i do n't know how long i huddled there , my face mashed against the rough bark , my whole body pressed against the trunk , my arms aching from the effort of hanging onto the pine tree .
al the other pines in the thicket looked the same , like they 'd al been scalped .
scuffles sounded , and through the pulverized pine trees , i spotted someone in a black jacket running toward me , sending up sprays of snow in every direction .
i stared at the left page and the picture of the small green plant , which resembled a miniature pine tree with both leaves and needles sprouting from its thin brown trunk .
there was more snow here too , a couple of inches on the ground , and fresh flakes swirled all around and through the dense , towering pines like bits of hard , white confetti .
so far , the only big difference i could see between the two academies were the dense pine trees that dotted the grounds like rows of soldiers , instead of the sprawling maples and oaks i was used to .
wide windows were set into all of the structures , i supposed to take advantage of the sweeping views of the pine trees that ran up to and seemed to merge into the mountain above .
the buildings grew fewer and farther between , although the rows of pines became thicker .
it featured a carving of green pine trees and the rocky gray mountain looming above them .
snow - crusted pine trees lined either side of the trail , while needles that were longer than my fingers and pinecones bigger than my fist stuck up out of the white powder here and there .
the creature hovered in midair for a moment before letting out another screech , zooming up , bursting through the tops of the pine trees , and disappearing into the cloudy gray sky far , far above .
after the endless rows of green pines along the trail , it was like a rainbow of color had exploded at my feet .
i looked around at the snow , the rocks , and the pines that towered above us .
her long , velvet gown was the same rich green as the pines , although the edges of the fabric seemed to shimmer with all sorts of opalescent colors - pinks , blues , purples , reds , silvers , golds .
` ` last time it was the woodsy pine .
the wooded pines and fir trees tangled amid acres of bright green under a cloudless sky .
from where he stood at the window of judson 's room , he could see glimpses of the river through a thick stand of fir and pine .
a bird wheeled overhead , searching for one last meal before seeking its nest in a towering pine nearby .
an old pine had fallen across the road .
jonas halted the dusty vehicle near a cluster of tall , swaying pines , switched off the engine , and sat for a moment behind the wheel .
the lake was ringed with a thick fringe of pine and fir .
he listened to the soft sigh of the breeze in the dark pines .
he made a production out of picking the perfect spot among the pines before he allowed her to settle down on the blanket he had brought along .
the sighs of the breeze - ruffled pines haunted the night as verity stood facing jonas .
the island was tiny , just an oversized piece of rock covered by a thick forest of pine and fir .
she was about to move on when she saw a small boat that had been drawn halfway out of the water and tethered to a pine bough .
she landed on her feet amid a scattering of small rocks and pine needles and raced over to where elyssa lay .
tree trunks flashed by him , the huge adrianglian pines straight like masts .
at least he could go out in a flash of glory instead of bleeding out under some pine .
he 'd climbed a pine to chainsaw a branch off so it would n't crash on his mother 's house , and fell .
to the left , sebastian dropped thirty feet off a pine , landing in a half crouch .
it flew thirty feet , its wide , tattered cloak flaring behind it , and landed at the top of a pine .
the trees ended , and she skidded to a stop on a carpet of brown pine needles .
the road took them over the hills , all the way up the spine of a mountain bristling with pines .
from his position at the root of a large pine , karmash peered at the men with guns shutting the church doors .
two miles down the road , the wood would become simply woods , regular georgia pine and oak .
an old dune buggy burst out from between the pines , splashing through the mud on its way to the house .
in the bright light of the moon , the cypresses and slash pines crowding the shore stood out , etched against the river .
the stream opened into a cove , framed by pines and stout picturesque trees with round yellow leaves .
he took a step into the ferns and saw a trail of broken stems leading away from a pine .
above it , a circular black mark , the kind a flare arrow made , glared at him from the pine 's trunk .
a young woman in the pine .
two eyes glared at him from the darkness between the branches of a pine .
whatever it was in the pine was about to pounce .
the tiny glow of a lantern swayed between dark pines .
first , murid took him off , then richard and cerise rode out and climbed a pine , to get a better look at sene .
down below him mire pines stretched to scratch at the night sky .
` ` the house is crumbling into dust , and the entire place is raining yellow pine needles .
he stared at the mire pines .
tall pines surrounded them .
he lay downwind of the house by the roots of a large pine .
william sank deep into shadows under the pine trying to look smaller .
these were real woods , thick oaks and maples and pines .
they were a species she 'd never seen , with dark green needles , somewhat like pine , but the trees were studded with bloodred berries .
` ` he was climbing up the pines to get at the leech birds , '' georgie said .
mundane georgia oaks and pines replaced the ancient dark trees .
he watched them play chase up the blue spike pine .
the skin between his knuckles itched , wanting to split under his claws , but he sat still - the pine 's branches were too skinny .
he dashed to and fro , confusing his scent trail just in case , leaped and ran deeper and deeper into the wood , until finally he grew tired and scrambled up the trunk of a huge pine into the dense blanket of needles and lay on a branch , panting .
jack slunk up the tree branches , higher and higher , digging his claws into the fragrant bark , until he reached the top of the pine towering above the foliage .
the sparkling trail ended at an old pine .
colossal trees towered above them : enormous pines , straight as masts , venerable edge oaks , pale poplars ...
they reached a grove of pines .
not a single pine needle moved .
after a few miles , the road started climbing , the dry , treeless landscape giving way to pines and scrub .
to diego , the chill breeze smelled like pine and dust , but eric made a sudden , fierce growl and loped away , disappearing quickly beneath the trees .
her panther stretched and flowed , paws pounding through the soft pine needles , the sharp chill drying her sweat .
he lifted his gaze to the nearby thicket of trees that smelled of pine and cool air .
the trees at the bottom of the park blazed scarlet and gold , mixed with the deeper black green of the pines .
she 's like a pine .
tall pines framed it , the enormous dark trunks scratching at the sky .
a carpet of dark pines needles sheathed the ground .
i sat on a fallen pine .
a claw moved to the right to a pine on the other side of the glade .
tall pines framed it on three sides , with four picturesque trees shading its parking lot .
to the right , another copse of pines bordered a large open field converted into pasture .
there was a coolness here that pinched at his lungs and made his eyes water as he yawned and stretched and squinted out at the glancing sun and the needle - like pines .
he put his glasses back on and kicked at the trunk of a pine tree , then said , ` ` let 's go , '' in his best no - nonsense voice .
when he reached the old diner that was shaped like a train car , he wandered around to the side , waiting beneath the towering pines , which formed a kind of umbrella against the snow .
she smelled of cold air and cigarettes and pine trees , and she eyed him over the rim of the cup as she took a long sip .
the light from the half - moon barely pierced the tree line , and the shadows between the pines danced in the flashing red and blue lights from his truck .
he stopped , used the wide trunk and low branches of a pine at the clearing 's edge for cover .
i watched the plane until it dropped behind a stand of pines .
his eyes had looked intense on the album cover , but against this shirt , in only the weak floodlights from the mansion now that the sun had set , she could have sworn his eyes were dark green , like a southern pine forest .
` ` big pine . ''
big pine is just as small and just as backward as this place .
a ctually , my town was too isolated to have a mcdonald 's , and big pine had one , which weakened my argument .
big pine does n't have a cotton mill . ''
` ` big pine has a paper mill , '' mr .
dark pines and trees with new green leaves clung desperately to the violent angle of the gorge .
as if in agreement , the forest of pines and magnolias behind the guest bleachers bent in a gust of wind .
to her left , surrounded by tall pines , sat a large white , two - story house with a slate - blue roof and a covered veranda .
the streets were clean , lined with tall pines .
lofty green pines reached upward toward the bright blue sky with the mountains standing like sentinels in the background .
it was late when the limo turned down a long , winding road lined by ancient oaks and pines .
it was , indeed , a lovely spot , with a clear blue lake set in the middle of tall pines and stately oaks .
the air was filled with the fragrant scent of pines and earth .
denise missed us by less than a yard when she had to swerve to avoid hitting a pine .
it 's right before tall pines cemetery , which lies off a narrow two - lane parish road .
bushes and debris were littered around the clearing , and the woods behind the trailer showed signs of a great force passing through ; branches snapped off , the top of one pine hanging down by a thread of bark .
the pine pollen had begun falling two days ago .
during pine pollen season , everything turns yellow .
it was really dark in the pines .
but all the trunks close enough for me to reach in time were bare of branches ; they were the loblolly pines grown by the millions in our neck of the woods , for their lumber .
my headlights flashed past the close - packed trunks of the pines that formed the backbone of the lumber industry hereabouts .
every now and then a human voice , raised in a distant call , would make its way through the pines and the bushes and the branches of the oaks and gum trees , but the sense of isolation was overwhelming .
though i rolled to my feet and began running again , jimmy fullenwilder had gotten ahead of me , and as i plunged through a stand of low pines , each no bigger around than a mailing tube , i heard the boom of the rifle .
a cold wind was blowing across the bare fields , and the pines and oaks were shivering in the gusts of frigid air .
lattesta stood staring blankly into the pines .
they were a tangle of fallen branches , leaves , and various shades of brown , broken up by little pines of various heights that had volunteered .
he ducks down into the trees , gets tangled and caught in a pine , flails at branches .
they land on the mars - rocky shore of the loch , between the pines and the peaty water , lan and green and a luminous flying saucer full of giggling , flying teenage japanese shape- changers .
` ` you 're quiet over there , '' ryan says as he drives through the tall , thick pine trees of the mountains .
in the distance were stands of pine and spruce .
a soft , night wind sang through the pines beyond the garden .
i hurried behind the steering wheel , getting in just as it drove past the large pine at the edge of the property .
pine , sage , and a night - blooming jasmine seeped in from the back garden .
i breathed deep , inhaling the scent of laurel and pine , the saltiness of the sea air that was always in the background .
we meet over at the bakery on pine , '' he replied , sitting down on the stool at the kitchen counter .
the scent was erotic , very much a man but laced with forest , like the ponderosa pines of northern arizona .
he glanced in a slow half circle from right to left , at the slope of the hill near thumb butte , rising not steeply but littered with large boulders and flanked by tall ponderosa pines .
as the creator has designed us for service ... '' the combined voices , male and female , rose into the air , to the tops of the pine trees .
she saw only the green pines , the manzanita , the ancient junipers , the smooth - edged expanses of red boulders and small treeless mesas , the water in the creek as it made its way down and down , the startled deer jumping below as her predator wings and antony 's created shadows across the landscape .
` ` three death vampires fly over a ridge of tall trees , pines maybe , or redwoods .
pines lined both sides of the gorge , trees like the ones in nearby shreveport , louisiana , the access point between his plane and the human world .
as soon as he reached the first row of pines , he descended swiftly , the woman hopped off his booted foot , pulled her hair to the side and he was on her , his fangs nipping quickly , setting the blood to flowing .
the space between realms became a blurred blend of land , water , and sky then the pine trees emerged so that he knew he 'd reached the distant outskirts of the north american city .
she retold the vision in great detail , adding as much as came to her including the pines on the facing ridges , the shrubs , the dry streambed , the monolith to the east , the way the gorge felt tragic .
his gaze never stopped moving over the crowd , or into the forest , or even high into the night sky which was clear , star - studded , and just a circle of dark surrounded by the tips of ponderosa pine trees .
a moment later she was air - borne , the wind whipping by her , the smell of the ponderosa pines sharper because of the speed .
they cut around behind a jumbo pine tree and darted behind the garage .
the rive snakes through the hills and mountains , and everywhere is lined with wild flowers and pine trees .
not dense , towering pines like in other parts of alaska .
even as he raced , stone soaked in the scents and sounds of home - the squeak of the saddle , the whistle of the wind through the pines .
moonlight cast a dappled path through the pine trees as she walked the gravel lane from the barn to her cabin .
she had the added privacy of a circle of sprawling oak and pine trees since she lived here .
she toyed with the trailing end of the pine bough attached to the mantel , with red bows and silver glass balls .
he hesitated , wishing the towering pines lining the road could offer up some help on what he should say to smooth the way with this woman he would be linked to forever through their kid .
carson left the road for a shortcut across the lawn , past pine trees and bare - limbed oaks .
her eyes firmly on his broad shoulders , her daughter 's wide - eyed face peering back at her , sara trailed him through the dense pines and palms .
echoing through the pines .
she searched for a pine or birch strong enough to hold them .
securing her grip on the pine , she looked down again .
` ` hey- '' his deep bass growled from the other side of the pine ` ` -i make a mighty damned good potato latke . ''
she planted her feet to combat the urge to sway in the wind like the towering pines .
chris accelerated past the never - ending pines and oaks lining the street .
except for in her head where the alarm still blared and the memory of daniel slipping off into the band of oaks and pines stayed imprinted .
a muggy fall breeze whispered through the pines , the only sound on the deserted road .
old buses littered the tarmac , parked alongside the hangar and shaded by maple and pine bowers .
sprawling pines blocked the condos from view , closing them off from the world .
she dusted her toe through dried pine needles while he whipped out the blanket , fluttering it to the ground .
` ` that corner is usually reserved for joe 's hand - cut pine . ''
he shoved his hands into his back pockets , staring , she assumed , at the pines behind the building .
tall pines , gloomy and black , rose around them now , and as the wind whistled through their branches , faith seemed to hear faint cries and murmurs .
tall pines jutted proudly from the land , branches swaying in the early - morning breeze .
they forged a rapid path through the snow , the snowmobile whizzing by the centuries - old pine trees , its treads demolishing everything in their way .
do you want the honor of shimmying up this majestic pine ? ''
i placed the canister upright again and gathered leaves and pine needles to cover the massive puddles seeping into the earth .
i silently cursed the scraggly pines that sprouted everywhere throughout plymouth and offered little shelter .
i fell back to the ground , my fingers dug into the leaves and pine needles beneath me as i panted rapidly .
he halted me at the base of three intersecting pines that had nearly grown together in the dense woods .
tamarack , fir , western red cedar , and white bark pine trees grew in abundance , a thick , lush forest surrounding them , sentinels providing intertwining canopy to shelter them .
pine , fir , and dogwood stretched as far as the eye could see , and huge , towering cliffs of granite jutted up toward the sky .
` ` western white pine .
` ` the logs are western white pine .
there were vivid green beds of moss and numerous shallow ponds winding their way around stands of birch and pine .
he was testosterone , and pine ... strength and desire all rolled up in one .
neil pulled the deep scent of the pines into his nose .
the wind blew around the giant pine above him and made it creak .
a few feet away was a tall pine .
neil peered through his binoculars , noticed a flock of birds taking flight from a faraway pine .
` ` dark wood or a light pine ? ''
the sprawling two - story ranch home overlooked a private lake with tall pines and plenty of trails for the unknowing to get lost .
dakota stopped the car , looked down the snow - laden street , the tall pines were covered with snow and it was coming down so hard the windshield wipers could n't keep up even at the highest speed .
watching her father pine for her absentee mother for years had made katie hate her mother more and more .
` ` i love your arse in these jeans , but pine for the ease of a dress . ''
when we step outside , i take a deep breath of fresh air , breathing in the moon and stars and pine trees .
the forest stood before her , the pine trees swaying gently .
all of the memories from shady pines deserved to stay back in the darkness .
only this time , cooper would be the one to wind up in the pine box .
the truck shot past the pine trees , blurring their limbs .
the car swerved off the road and headed straight for the line of twisted pines .
the broken pine .
a little place on the edge of maverick , the bar , with a glowing sign that simply said dale 's , sat nestled off the main highway , surrounded by thick pines and not much else .
there 's a tree here , a pine that 's been stripped of bark . ''
they crested a small rise , then dove into a thick patch of pines .
twisting pines wrapped around the woods .
tracks that did n't head toward the pines , but instead toward a thick patch of bushes , a patch that had to be at least five feet tall .
she loved her neighborhood , with its sprawling yards , but the pine trees drew the lightning like crazy .
lash pine , swamp tupelo , even swamp chestnut oaks were scattered in the area .
the willow had been hidden , crouched beneath tall pines and cypress trees , blocked by moss .
he says a bmw nearly clipped sam and ridgeway at the bank on pines ! ''
it had shot out from a dirt road - a road almost completely hidden by the thick pine trees - and plowed right into her .
the tall pines around the house swayed back and forth .
she jumped over a fallen pine , ducked her head to avoid a slap from a branch .
luke stood near a line of pines , his hands on his hips .
luke watched them running around like ants , hauling out yellow police tape and attaching it to the swaying pines .
monica stared at the thick pine .
toward the two twisted pines that grew about ten feet away .
she stopped in front of the embracing pines .
looked like maybe another pine .
his eyes were on the trees as he said , ` ` i guess those pines do kinda look like- '' ` ` here . ''
the pines too tall .
it looked like lightning had struck a pine about ten feet away , knocking down the top section of the tree .
pine trees surrounded them now .
tall , twisting pines , their top branches stretching toward the clouds .
so many pines here .
the pine trees swirled past him , and time seemed to disappear .
one surrounded by swaying pines .
he was just passing two twisted pine trees when zoe grabbed him .
the familiar scents of pine , sun - warmed earth , and moss hit her nose .
i gaze out the windows at the pines and spruce dusted gold by the fading light of the sun , their long shadows stretching across the road .
` ` you 're looking for wild pine ? ''
it turned out wild pine really was kind of a cross between a camp and a resort .
lana meanwhile made it clear to me there were no official feeders around here and that i should n't even think of soliciting blood from any of the wild pine dhampirs .
he also smells like the outside : grass , and pine , and rich black dirt .
he glanced at the horizon , where a thin line of pink showed pure and vivid behind the black pines ' silhouette .
he looked out across the valley , trying to stretch his eyes as far as the black pines that edged the distant cliffside .
roger rowed steadily on , toward the point of the loch where the grim bulk of the ruins of castle urquhart stood amid its pines .
the scene outside was perfect in its still clarity , stone walls and dark pines drawn sharp as black quillstrokes against the gray overcast of the morning .
and with my head in my hands beneath the pine trees , i knew i would never mean it again .
think of the pine trees there - can you smell the needles ?
jared 's plantation at sugar bay was called blue mountain house , presumably for the sake of the low , hazy peak that rose inland a mile behind it , blue with pines and distance .
i could feel the heaviness of impending snow in the air , hear it in the muffled sough of the pines .
he ducked under the limb of a runty pine , hoping for a break in the drifting fog .
such trees as grew near the shore here were runty twisted pines , but the sea wind moved pleasantly among their needles , soughing in his ears with a soothing rush .
the road itself , while clear of the sweet gum saplings and straggling pines that crowded its edge , was muddy enough , in all truth .
` ` the creature is sitting twenty feet up in a pine tree , in the midst of a rainstorm .
when the shadow of that tall pine sapling touched my foot , i decided .
does he think me one of those fools who pines and swoons and looks pale for love , like abigail miller ?
they sat in companionable silence for a while , watching the wind move through the pines on the hillside opposite .
he 'd picked up a deer trail through the heather earlier in the morning , but it had disappeared in a stony fall near a brae , and now he was coming back toward the house ; he was behind the hill on which the broch stood , this side of it thick with a little wood of beech and pine .
he asked , setting down his rifle by the big pine where she 'd read to him and ian in the long summer nights when the sun barely set from dusk to dawn .
after walking for an hour or so , he found a sheltered spot among the roots of an enormous pine tree and , taking out the knife , hacked off his hair as best he could .
the trees and bushes , they were different , too - there were pines , the big caledonian pines that looked like giant stalks of broccoli .
the trees and bushes , they were different , too - there were pines , the big caledonian pines that looked like giant stalks of broccoli .
the lower slopes were forested with beeches , alders , and stout caledonian pines , but up this high there was neither shade nor shelter , and a strong , cold wind battered him as he climbed .
then he was gone and she was standing alone in the shadow of the pines , looking toward lallybroch , the shotgun cold in her hand .
` ` he 's ... er ... '' i gestured helplessly toward the doorway , where - with remarkably good timing - jamie himself now appeared , brushing pine needles off his sleeve and saying something to young ian , behind him .
william called back , and led goth into the sparse shade of a stand of spindly pines .
he made a quick staying motion toward lieutenant schnell , who wanted to speak to him , stepped behind a large pine , and let his stomach turn itself out like an emptied sporran .
murray was crumpled into a heap in the deep shadow at the base of a big pine tree , needles half - scuffled over him ; evidently he 'd tried to disguise himself but had passed out before managing the job .
it was dark by four o'clock , and long cold nights to be sleeping out of doors , but roger 's sense of urgency drove them on , and they found themselves benighted on a lonely road , with nothing but a wind - gnarled caledonian pine for shelter .
and as we reached the summit of the final pass , i thought i might explode from simple joy at the scent of the late - spring woods , an intoxicating mix of pine and balsam fir , oaks mingling the spice of fresh green leaves with the must of the winter 's fallen acorns , and the nutty sweetness of chestnut mast under a layer of wet dead leaves , so thick that it made the air seem buoyant , bearing me up .
he walked straight into a springy pine branch , which swiped him across the face with its needles .
the scent of pine is thick here .
hardy positioned her facing a clump of pines on the other side of the knoll rather than the gazebos .
but drew smel ed of pine ; i would always remember that , too .
she went back around the way she 'd come , as did we , and we met back where devon and savannah were waiting , near a smal stand of white pines that hovered at the field 's border .
one minute i was looking at the dappled stand of pines in front of me and the next i was listening to my scream bounce of the dirt walls of an earthen tube as i fell .
he reeked of pine , something i 'd never smelled on him before tonight .
she knew that brady had neighbors on either side of his house , but the generous portion of land , curve of the cul - de - sac , and abundance of tall pines obscured the view of any of the surrounding lots .
as she walked across the sidewalk up to the front door , she took in the smell of freshly cut lawn and pine that permeated the air .
the pine and palm trees thinned , then disappeared altogether , leaving him unprotected by shade , the heat bouncing off the pale rocks and tarmac .
it was a beautiful day , the air so clear you could see the mountains in the distance , and pick out every needle on the pines that lined the road .
the sun , high in the sky , glinted off the blue water behind them and the dense pines that covered the hills were an unnatural lush green .
the little pine trees climbed mountains behind it , and the sea was turquoise .
unused to the strength of even the spring sunshine , i got burnt , and by the time i headed down through the pines and landed by the side of the newcastle road , the skin on the bridge of my nose was tightening .
but there was only the glinting water , the strings of buoys that marked out the boating channels and , on the far side , the hillsides of pines stretching up to the blue sky .
i could hear the music upstairs in hannah 's room , the roar of a distant motorboat , the dull , conspiratorial whispering of the pines .
where everyone knows each other and the air is crisp and clear , filled with the scent of pine .
they tossed everything haphazardly into the back seat , before resuming their trek northbound on a two - lane highway that winded and twisted up a long valley with mountainsides covered in pines , oaks , and sycamore .
all around the lakeside grew macedonian pine , and across the lake on a terraced hillside , mike could see the tell - tale silhouettes of hemp and poppy plants .
its got everything , boys : mountain ranges , pristine pine forests , sky blue lakes , rushing rivers that flow in all directions from their sources , and vast treeless grasslands as far as the eye can see .
it was ten miles or so into town , and mike dug the winding road that descended down through a forest of pine , scrub oak , and cottonwood .
he was on his own until he found pine or azal .
black cast - iron lamps lit the area , small pine trees grew along the path , and hedges lined the last twenty feet of the walkway and around the office .
tall scraggly lantern pines filled the forest and scented the air .
scientist created transgenic plants that could survive without the sun , and they created the lantern pines by genetically modifying a yellow pine with the extra - genome of a lanternfish , producing a tree that created its own light .
scientist created transgenic plants that could survive without the sun , and they created the lantern pines by genetically modifying a yellow pine with the extra - genome of a lanternfish , producing a tree that created its own light .
i stare up at the canopy of ghostly pines .
within the serenity of the forest and in the calming effects of crickets chirping and the wind rustling pines , a realization sinks in .
the tree like the lantern pine created its own light with the help of an extra - genome from a firefly .
a large pine stood at the end of the street , guiding tourists to their destination like a welcoming beacon of vacation and relaxation .
the pine had become the image of edgetown , a monument that could be seen from miles away on the flat ice fields .
the pines heard his wretched unraveling , they witnessed his convulsing sobs , and they gave to him the serenity and spiritual surrounding he needed to unleash his own personal demons .
he suffered , he apologized to his wife and son , he begged for forgiveness to everyone including himself , he prayed , and he screamed out all of his anger , beating his self - loathing into the crispy pine needles with his fists .
the windows of the dining parlour were decked with boughs of greenery , and the centrepiece of the room was an immense tub containing a yew tree ( an actual earth type yew rather than the usual new ceresian plantation pine ) from which hung sweetmeats , almonds in paper , silvered raisins and small lighted candles .
' what a beautiful place , ' i say ; looking at the little inlet surrounded by green , pine - clad hills .
the heavy gate is open and they walk in and up a series of steps and terraces shaded by umbrella pines .
it 's beautiful with flowerbeds , shrubs and tall umbrella pines surrounding the courtyard and sea and blue hills in the distance .
he heard a loud slap when he got to a large pine tree .
he unzipped his pants and started to pee on the bark of the pine tree .
he aimed it at a large pine tree then pressed the button trigger .
a red laser beam shot out of the ray gun and immediately shot straight through the pine tree .
jake said when he saw a tiny hole through the pine tree .
galvin turned around and aimed it another smaller pine tree .
the plants sarah saw in the botany lab were hybrids she could n't even conceive of , not to mention design , plants whose scale was controlled to the micron , diminutive pine trees and gigantic chamomile , leaves of every shade but green processing chlorophyll , plants without roots that could move around at will , transparent roses , rubber trees genetically altered to secrete aluminum , cucumber plants that changed their color like vegetal chameleons , microscopic baobabs , sub aquatic corn fields , and a soy bean that tasted just like steak .
the hiking was easy in and amongst the towering pines , as the thousands of years of needles falling had made a somewhat flat forest bed .
the girls had been fast at work during the day and had gathered quite the stockpile of wild strawberries , gooseberries , pine nuts , and a number of different tubers .
one wing was crumpled against the trunk of a massive oak , and the other was nowhere in sight , perhaps cartwheeled into the far pines .
large green oaks interspersed with pine , eastern red cedar , and northern spruce rose in a cushy green umbrella overhead .
here the coastline looked very similar , for the coast at this point on the continent also comprised of long sandy beaches backed with high dunes and beyond these forests of tall , fragrant pines .
the trees here were spindly pines with dark green long narrow needles instead of broad leaves .
enormous brown pine cones hung from their branches and their trunks had smooth brown bark that looked to be flaking off in patches , the sand around each of the tree trunks was covered in the bark that had fallen from the trees .
sure enough the trees stopped and we came out into an open space through which the stream ran , the soil here was still sandy but much richer in colour as if it was mixed with loamy soil and instead of the salt resilient pine trees , there were more broad leafed trees growing and on these trees we found the purple fruits that we had enjoyed earlier .
i said , obviously the pine trees do not like the fresh water to drink , but i m glad these fruit trees do .
then our guides left the causeway and we found ourselves travelling beneath tall pine trees , massive growths , bigger than anything of this type of tree i had ever seen before .
the supply of lumber was obviously from the forest of giant pines that lay just beyond the valley entrance .
without any buildings close enough to take refuge in , i made my way to the small stand of pines near the gate .
when i finished the trudging distance to the stand of thickly growing pines , i noticed still , shadowy outlines on the dark ground .
it was hard to tell in the gathering twilight , but it looked like about a dozen bodies lying under the pines .
my eyes adjusted just enough to see hunched figures , barely more substantial than shadows under the pines , just slightly darker than the surrounding darkness .
we were standing on the other side of the not - so - busy freeway , hidden from prying eyes by a cluster of towering pine trees .
kizzy was determined there were carpets of them in the mountains spreading beneath the giant pines .
i love pine trees .
book of tobit , ch 11:7 - 8 ` ` i see the ridge of hinds , the steep of the sloping glen the wood of cuckoos at its foot , the blue height of a thousand pines , of wolves , and roes , and elks . ''
he d been running for his life after all , crashing through the snow - covered pines with barely a thought to his direction .
in the distance , thick pine trees scaled the mountains , growing at surprisingly acute angles .
would he be conscious when he died or slip into a blissful coma surrounded by dense pines ?
through the pines , a narrow streak of grey concrete could be seen .
they appear to be a species of pine .
when first arriving , the pine warned him of the storm through no effort on his part .
there s an artistic poster of a wintry , tundra - like scene showing blasted - out black castles , woolly afer cattle , and pine trees scattered around craggy gray peaks under a perpetually overcast sky .
pine trees and odd rock formations jut out of the land like knives stabbing at the sky .
regular pine trees are now making their appearances , and the mountains seem to be closer than ever , crowding out the rest of the land .
after crossing the ditch , they entered a thicket of scrub pine , thorns , and ragged rye .
wheelerville , as franklin wheeler called his tiny compound , was nt the highest point in the blue ridge mountains , but it stood apart from the towering canopy of mount rogers and smaller mountains that bore craggy granite faces topped with pine stubble .
the woman pushed through the scrub pines and high weeds , moving fast .
indeed there it was , a white cape cod style house , sitting in the midst of a well landscaped yard , in what had been an uninhabited wooded lot full of wild pine , spruce , oak , maple and birch when we left for our summer vacation only two weeks earlier .
the trees were white pine , i was sure .
through a white pine forest !
the smell of the white pine was new , and very refreshing .
the path wound through juvenile white pines for hundreds of yards , and it all looked exactly the same .
i stepped behind the pines that were along the side of the path to my right .
suddenly , when i looked around the next white pine , there he / it was , standing in the shadows as motionless as a tree , just a few steps from me !
then it stepped into the pines and was gone !
zac walked over to a tall pine trimmed of all its lower branches about fifty yards away and sat down .
the sounds of a late summer 's night surrounded them , but it was the night wind through a group of tall pines they stopped to listen to .
the early autumn colors jumped out of the dark green of unchanged leaves and the lighter greens of spruces and pines as the suns light passed over them .
she did pine for premade meals from time to time , and today was definitely one of those days .
louis finally arrived at mr . beamer 's farmhouse ; his heart was pounding in his ears , drowning out the sounds of the birds singing in the nearby pine trees .
flocks of migrating birds could be seen returning to their spring nests in the local birch and pine trees , as early spring rains filled the small streams and rivers in the outland areas .
light blue mysterious fogs hung below the nearby branches of the moss covered willow and pine trees , and the low - lying hills that surrounded the small pond and grassy fields by the rock quarry .
nae we all dance and sing but he who gaes by the fairy ring , nae dule nor pine shall see , and he who cleans the fairy ring an easy death shall dee .
a murder of crows screeched out in the nearby pine trees as short stack squared his stance , widened his hips and afterwards clutched at the small sword .
blue fogs still hung about the pine and willow trees as the night appeared to grow deathly quiet once again .
looking off to his left he saw an enormous green forest of what appeared to be a strange off - shoot of ; weeping willow , pine and birch trees .
keeping mostly to animal trails , and under the cover of tall overgrowth , large pine trees and rocky outcroppings the traveling party was now more stealthy and covert .
flanking either side of the road were tall pines .
the pines were taken from mountains far to the east .
a breeze began to rise and rustle the tall pines .
in contrast with the ochre color of the rock , there were numerous pockets of green conifers at all elevations , mostly pine and balsams thought nevin .
at about sixteen miles out of uptown , a transitional zone where the tall ponderosa pines have taken over the landscape , the bikes were still right behind us , way too close for comfort .
a fire suddenly erupted among the towering ponderosa pine trees on the canyon floor .
i looked over at my wife as we set out again on the trail , surrounded by aspens and ponderosa pines , squirrels chattering endlessly , birds calling secret messages to each other .
there was a huge color photo of a badly burned car on its roof , surrounded by charred ponderosa pine trees .
green grass was everywhere , rare in this high desert , plus clusters of familiar cactus and trees such as junipers , cottonwoods , various pines , oaks , maples , and weeping willows .
then the road levels out and takes the intrepid hiker through a forest of juniper , manzanita , and pion pine .
remember the squawking little red bird up in the tall pine tree ?
a few drab military buildings off in the distance , the drone of aircraft , birdcalls , the bare trees , elm and oak and some kind of pine .
we arrived at the top of the mountain in less than five minutes after a breathtaking ride over a forest of pines and rocky outcroppings .
the pitch from the fresh cut pine stuck to his hands , but it helped when he had to grip the beams and lead them up to the ridge beam .
this side is dryer and the air has the aroma of pine , while the costal side is lush and green , and you can smell the ocean .
indeed , the bus sat in a clearing surrounded by scrubby looking pine trees .
they pulled off the main highway and entered the first mountainous , forested area that they found , flew the bus into a secluded valley , snuggled it under the cover of a stand of pine and aspen trees watered by a small stream , and powered down most of the bus systems for the day .
already , smoke was rising from where the twirling stick was rubbing the dry pine bough .
no pine forests or fields blessed with an abundance of wildflowers .
inside smelled like cigarettes and a cardboard pine tree air freshener .
she spun the cardboard pine tree and watched it twirlfirst one way , then the other and back againbefore she put the phone back to her ear .
i passed a dead ponderosa pine and saw the garage entrance after that .
now the whole area is swept by gusts of wind and sand , bending the young pines along the fence like twigs , while the puddles are widening quickly .
it isexcept for the north - western area and part of the pyreneesa much browner place , a more parched , arid and dusty country , which even the stunted pines to be found in this north - eastern coastal area can not disguise .
the large pines provided some cover and several rocket streams ended in tree trunks .
as he turned slowly he could see wrecking crews still cleaning up the mgm ruins , and the desert pines ... one of the last of the new casinos .
you were quiet like the muttering wind on a peak , like a deep forest of unmarked snow whose thick pines have never seen the spring .
the sand , which had been green as a thick pine which has never left the spring , took on that red .
a stained and melancholy path through forests where the ancient pines look down on us , impassive , watchful , of our crimes .
thickets of birch and pine below me , boulders and distance everywhere .
great freedom great freedom , like a land of mountains frosted white with clean , bright snow , groves of pine as dark as midnight , fields of ice that almost glow .
he admired the fresh smell of the pine trees , and was pleased to see all of the grass on the ground , with no dirt .
thetra picked up a blue berry and cut into it with a sharp pine needle .
suddenly valao came rustling through the pines , pushing thetra deeper into the forest .
as thetra walked into the cluster of trees , he smelled the faint scent of pines , which meant that the trees were the same as the type of tree that were in toage .
a partially uprooted box elder tree had fallen into a neighboring pine forming a haphazard arch of branches .
i poured out a libation , i built an altar on the peak of the mountain , by seven herbs i cut , at the bottom of them i placed reeds , pines and simgar .
the treeline was marked by healthy , young pines .
the smell of fresh pine trees upon your nose and then wooohhhh !
two of them could be viewed all the way up their slopes before gradually disappearing behind a blanket of large pine trees .
the sun was directly overhead as he kept pushing through the large pine trees .
up the slope of the mountains he could see the continuation of the pine trees with small openings containing lush green grass sprinkled throughout .
her steps had a bit of a bounce to them as she continued whistling along and navigating her way through the large pine trees surrounding her .
after several miles of travelling , she came to a small wooden cabin surrounded on all sides by thick pine trees .
alice asked as they made their way through the dense pine trees .
water met dirt , bringing forth a small stream of mud and pine needles rushing away , further into the forest .
his eyes are the cool , welcoming green of a deep pine forest .
it was the only therapy i would have and for several years i rose early , made gates and fences , repaired pots and pans and sat with a beer on the porch and watched the sun go down over the pines .
as i was applying the paint , i heard something above the bird calls and rustling pines .
there is a box , tucked in a hollow under the large pine tree that forms the center of his camp .
the spruce and cedar and pine hung their branches in sad repose , almost concealed by the steam .
ravno stood as a sugar pine , stuck to his roots in the earth , as if he watched his sister tree get cut down and removed .
decapitated pines cowered and whined .
the helicopter seeds look and smell like pine .
i guess they 're umbrella pines like in spain .
jesus arranges for sapling umbrella pines to planted to replace the missing trees .
a faint outline stood erect near an old ponderosa pine .
wild bushes and pine trees dotted the rigid landscape .
abraham fell against a pine tree , panting and praying nothing had followed them .
he loved the aspens and the smell of the bristlecone pines , yet it was the implanted cottonwood in the summer he favored the most .
abraham stopped and scanned the stunted firs and assortment of pines for any sign of danger .
the view outside the windows was one of rolling pine forests that stretched eastward toward the russian border .
shouted damien , as they gazed down at the pristine pine forest below them .
i ' m comin ' child , i ' m comin ' the green hills of earth appear on the far horizon and roll out before her eyes : blue skies , puffy white clouds , evergreen pine forests and the pristine lakes of mother russia and sister latvia , to the west .
the branches of the pines were covered with snow .
richard asked when they came upon a small flat - toped knoll that was surrounded by a mixture of fir and pine trees on three sides and a small creek on the other .
once a dense blanket of green pine needles and brown cones , the top of the world was a skeleton of tar covered twigs and branches .
the dozens of trees lining the half ring were each different : from rangy , conical firs bristling with abundant evergreen pine needles to stout oaks with sprawling limbs and broad leaf hoods to towering redwoods with its fractals soaring above the rest .
he watched to make sure the man kept his hands to himself until they were back at their respective places , he on the pedestal , she leaning against one of the pine trees .
as you know , there are deciduous trees , like a maple tree and coniferous trees , like a pine tree .
sunlight beamed through the looming pines and big - leafed magnolia trees .
squirrels leaped and dived among the native georgia pines .
the pines surrounding their property gave off their now powerful rich aromas .
at the end of their propertys fields , pine trees swayed from a strong breeze , like synchronized swimmers flexing their limbs in perfect form .
dalya had found the paper a few meters away under some scattered pine needles near the bicycles .
coach whitney talked strategy as they cooled themselves with drinks and shade from an old pine tree whose branches reached over the dugout and hung down just above their heads , reaching to scratch unwary bystanders with their needled fingers .
it was dry under the pines where they had set up camp , but the logging road had flooded over , the water had receded , and now the road was a quagmire of mud steaming in the early morning sun .
some of the trees looked familiar , like pine trees , but they were oddly different , something about the color of the vegetation .
perched near the top of a large pine , he looked down at the marching group of lycans , unable to see jennie .
pine trees , man .
country with beautiful pine , spruce and aspen forests on the high flanks ; and sagebrush in the valleys .
up high , lodgepole pine and doug fir for forest , speckled with quakies , our name for quaking aspen , in thickets .
the two shooters on that side had tied their mounts to a tall pine tree , then skittered down a steep arroyo into the canyon .
21 tatonka after a few hours ride through paradise , with pine and cedar stands thickening around us , we arrive at the pass .
he took her on honeymoon to the rockies , used some of his seventy - eight years ' back pay to rent a sprawling cabin in a high valley above the headwaters of the rio grande , where the wind rolled grandly through the pines , hawks spun lazy high circles on the afternoon thermals , and the brilliant clear light blazed on white starflowers and indian paintbrush .
and after a certain amount of debate the zoning variance was granted and the buildings of the andrew martin laboratories research center began to rise amid the somber cypresses and pines of what had , long ago , been the wooded estate of gerald martin .
` ` pine , '' elliot said .
dwarf pines had been cultured along the lip of the canyon .
the world of the dinosaur included more modern plants , such as pine and fir trees , and swamp cypresses .
new trees growing , old trees recovering , squirrels dashing through the blackened pine needles , green sprouts and buds all around .
the tops of the pines and oaks rushed in .
the top branches of the tallest pine slammed into his body as the berg swung him into it .
they were all in a small clearing completely surrounded by thick oak trees and towering pines - older ones that had n't been completely consumed by the sun flares - standing on dry , brittle undergrowth .
thomas could see that they were above a small clearing in a large forest of snow - dusted pine trees - so many that the berg would n't be able to land .
the tall , thick pines of the forest surrounded thomas , reaching up to the sky like a wall of majestic towers .
he took the last few steps out of the snowy clearing and entered the darkness of the thick pines .
within the majestic walls of these pines and oaks lies a place of meditation where you 'll find food and shelter .
stan pulled over to the side of the road , into a grove of pines .
but they were trapped , driving on a narrow road , hemmed in by dense pine forest on both sides of the road amp ; something she should know .
they were plunged into near darkness under the huge , green pines .
they heard a sharp crack just behind them , and lightning flashed down the side of a tall pine , splitting the trunk open with what looked like steam and bursting the tree into flames .
` ` first , lodgepole pine comes in .
the pines and oaks and birches are still and all the world holds its breath .
here the trees - mosdy pines , spruces , and birches bent from a latewinter ice storm - were spread far apart , and hundreds of figures walked solemnly among them as though in a rustic ballroom , their bare feet scuffing through the leaves .
beyond it is a grove of old pines lit by lovely afternoon light : a haze of green and gold .
the heels of his shor'boots left a double line of tracks in the dirt and crisp brown pine needles .
some of these had buried tall pines almost to their tops .
giant spear pines from sasak occupied a knoll near one corner surrounded by mounds of flame briar from rudiria .
shortly before dawn , it swerved left down a firebreak and into a stand of pines and cedars , squeezed its way through a narrow lane there with its blowers kicking up a heavy cloud of forest duff behind .
kaleidoscopic colors from the instruments played a somnolent visible melody across cala - pine 's features - a wash of greens , reds , purples .
darkness came like a sharp demarcation as they emerged from the eucalyptus grove onto the first rise up through pines and buckeyes that hemmed the riding club 's trail .
hiding in a patch of scrubby pines , watching a car pull out from the garage of a secluded home , deciding whether to make a food run , whether it was too dicey .
they live in that yellow house with the pine trees . ''
below him , a seemingly endless pine forest passed beneath flight 29 's wings .
a light wind soughed through the pines .
sitting in groups and sitting alone ; one boy had climbed onto the lowest branch of a pine overlooking the road and was eating what looked like a jelly sandwich .
the skinny kid in the pine tree was swinging his feet idly .
a little breeze soughed through the pines .
the pines that had lined the road last night had given way to dairy queens and gas stations and little crackerbox ranchos .
suddenly the spotty stands of second - growth pine and spruce that had bordered the road in scruffy patches were gone , hidden by the first real crowd they had seen .
the comforting sough of the wind in the pines had become a hundred mad ghosts , flapping and hooting .
some fool had planted pines on the median strip .
thorne put the car in gear , and left the streambed , in moving off among ferns and occasional pine trees .
` ` i do n't know if they 're poplars or pines or goddam eucalyptuses , to tell you the truth .
richards swung left up a smooth tarred road that cut through a tangle of denuded sumac and elm , pine and spruce , scrubby nightmare second growth .
they passed a sign which read : super pine tree mall - under construction - keep out ! trespassers will be prosecuted ! !
they topped a final rise and there was the super pine tree mall .
she used her hands and arms , slipping effortlessly over to where eddie was sitting with his back propped against the tall old pine .
in that moment , sitting with his back against a tall pine in the clearing which had become home , his face crisscrossed with opposing beams of green - gold forest light , he looked handsome indeed - a young man with unruly dark hair which constantly tried to spill across his high forehead , a young man with a strong , mobile mouth and hazel eyes .
it was a huge , hoary pine , easily the tallest tree in this part of the woods .
the bear would have had him just the same , would have left eddie dean 's guts hanging in gaudy strings from the lowest branches of the pine , if another of those sneezing fits had not come on it at that moment .
the pine rocked like a mast in a gale ... but the fresh claw - marks which appeared were at least seven feet below the branch on which eddie 's feet were planted .
the trunk of the pine , easily eight feet in diameter at its base , was now no more than eighteen inches through the middle .
eddie was slowly and shakily descending the pine , but she did n't see him .
the bear took no notice , it marched drunkenly to the pine which had been eddie 's refuge , tried to grasp it , failed , and sank to its knees .
the needles of the pines and spruces pointed that way .
when she opened her eyes , they were already in florida , driving down through the dark pine forest from the interstate to the road that ran along the beach .
they were able to turn out lances of pine to the dimensions he specified , but were astonished to hear he wanted an initial order of twenty .
soon they had traveled a hundred yards or more , into an area carpeted with gnarled , scrubby ground pines .
fortunately they were now among the scrubby low pines ; no trail was visible .
the tree was a spindly pine , and his weight was slowly , slowly bending it over .
oh , maybe it 's feasible in really ancient pine forests , where the ground is mostly clear , or in those vast oak forests where they love to shoot robin hood movies and adaptations of shakespeare 's work .
' if the safety had n't been on , you would have blown my tickle - stick into yonder pine tree .
he probably would have sprinted straight down the access road to little bitch if the other survivor of the backdoor raiding - party had n't grabbed him by the shoulder and shoved him against the trunk of a large pine .
the air was redolent of those smells which would always remind him of mejis : sea - salt , oil , and pine .
as they walked , she noticed an odd thing : many of the pines had been stripped of their lower branches .
it was the pine - boughs , of course ; the ones which had been whacked from the trees on the slope .
roland inspected along the line of tangled pine branches , then stopped and plucked several aside .
some of the screening pine branches were turning yellow at the tips , but the recent spell of rain had kept most admirably fresh .
the sky had the peculiar late - autumn crispness , very blue and clear and cloudless , beautiful flying weather , and they had scarcely been half an hour aloft before gherni suddenly plunged beneath them , and trembling went to ground in a wooded clearing of pines .
one old dead pine caught like a torch and went into a perfect crackling blaze , while everyone else squawked and jumped to their feet .
i looked at the soft beige pine trees painted along the base of it .
but i could see the familiar hills and tall pines of italy , and i knew then that that was where i was going though to which city i was about to find out .
in his mind 's eye he saw not the east texas field before him or the dark rows of oaks and pines beyond it , or even the clay path that twisted across the field toward the trees like a ribbon of blood .
it was then , when she was feeling rushed , that she discovered a u - store - it outside mentor with a stockade fence and a dirt road running through the pines behind it .
she brushed away the leaves and pine needles and laid the pitchfork beside it for scale , narrating as she panned along the fence .
the morning was cool and fragrant with the smells of pine and wet earth .
after a few minutes they found a gas station set back from the road in a pine grove , with an old - fashioned pump out front and yellow light streaming through a screen door .
he began to see palmettos among the loblolly pines and pin oaks , and spiky plants he did n't recognize .
the pines surrendered to palmettos and prehistoric - looking trees with gnarled roots that thrust up from pools where egrets and herons stabbed at frogs .
the forest around me had been purged by fire at some time in the not so far - off past , and i made my descent through stands of scorched , shattered pines , the hillside all blackened and charred .
it spurred him : with an effort he pushed to hands and knees and then up , to stagger indecorously along the shore and fall again at the foot of several gnarled old pines clinging to the edge of the beach .
there was a smell in the air of pine - needles , and the stream ran over the rocks in a steady gurgle , mingling with the more distant sound of the ocean , the scent of salt on the wind .
we will not go far , we will only go along the coast- '' indeed , he did not go so far that he did not hear the thundering crash of the first pine , coming down ; he did not wish to risk overlooking any sign .
` ` perhaps it was only another pine coming down- '' ` ` that noise was no tree - fall , '' ferris said , urgently , and temeraire could not disagree however much he wished to do ; he turned back towards the bay and crested the trees just in time to find , to his appalled surprise , maximus and lily and the others all mantling towards a monstrous sea - serpent rearing itself up out of the bay .
he sprang to junichiro 's side and caught the heavy panel , lifting it aside ; together they slid through the opening and into the gardens , small pebbles rolling underfoot and a fragrant smell of crushed leaves as they forced their way past a few small pines .
laurence caught sight of a large old pine , gnarled and twisted , roots erupting from the ground in low arches .
the air was cool and fragrant with man - made lake and pine and dirt .
` ` the warming shack is nestled among that group of black pines .
the english trio raced toward the scraggled copse of pines protected in a hollow .
a sharp smell filled her nostrils , sweet with resins , like green pine logs in a hearth .
in his study of botany , he was well familiar with insect damage to trees : mountain pine beetle , european elm bark beetle , raspberry crown borer .
a thin strand of beach fringed a dark wall of forest , mostly palms and mangrove trees near the water with caribbean pines and walnuts up higher .
five minutes after hitting the beach , jack led his team through a grove of pines .
they followed a truck loaded with pines , weeping a path of dry needles behind it .
built in 1971 from scottish oak and uruguayan pine , it was the largest vessel of its era in the world that was still seaworthy and in active service .
the bower of black pines hid all .
green swards of hillsides opened in parklands , dotted with occasional sheep and shaded by umbrella pines .
the surrounding landscape of vineyards and umbrella pines lay steeped in shadows and gloom .
waterfalls , fir and pine trees , meadows full of rhododendrons , streams lined by hemlock and spruce trees .
trees grew heavier here , mostly pines and birches .
earlier , using the knife , he had chopped a three - foot - long branch from a scraggly pine outside .
as he reached the glade 's edge , a low branch of a neighboring pine whipped around .
the man had backtracked , hidden behind the pine , and ambushed him , hauling back the branch that had cracked across his shins .
the forest was a mix of myrtle , birch , and pine , along with massive oaks that looked centuries old .
not far off , a large pine toppled into the forest , taking smaller trees with it .
we just have to calm ourselves , take a moment to collect- a pine exploded directly behind them .
down below , a black pine forest rose out of a sea of fog .
she turned as a tall man in a stetson rode through a thick stand of lodgepole pines atop a chestnut quarter horse .
chapter 7 may 30 , 3:52 p.m. utah wilderness hank leaned low over the mare 's withers , avoiding low - hanging branches as the horse raced downhill through a forest of douglas firs , western spruce , and lodgepole pines .
iris had gathered the seeds from the native pinon pines growing here .
did you know the pitch from pinon pine trees was used as chewing gum , or that it also acted as a balm on cuts and wounds ?
the thousand - foot - tall cinder cone rose above islands of pine and aspen .
they climbed toward the crater , passing through a sparse pine forest , along a route marked as lava flow trail .
farther out , dark meadows and black stands of lodgepole pines stretched toward the distant plateaus and mountains .
the seven - story rustic hotel , with its steep roofs and heavy beams , was the largest log structure in the world , built from locally harvested pine and quarried stone .
in the background rose towering clifflike mountains , fringed by lodgepole pines , so detailed that each needle had been carefully scratched in place .
painter gaped at the towering cliffs , the dark stands of dark lodgepole pines , and the green meadows that rolled outward from the confluence of two silver creeks .
he pointed to a boulder at the edge of a stand of pines .
she fled through a dark forest of oaks , pine , and spruce .
it was mostly broken rock and patches of grassland , crisscrossed by forests of larches and pines .
of all the varieties of pine to rise off earth , lodgepole pine had been the most robust in low - g environments .
of all the varieties of pine to rise off earth , lodgepole pine had been the most robust in low - g environments .
in the wild , lodgepole pine would n't geminate without fire ; the resin in the cones encouraged a hotter fire , even when it meant the death of the parental tree .
she noted a faint pair of tire tracks aiming away from the gravel road and out into the open terrain of sagebrush and scrubby pinyon pines .
the road climbed higher into the scrubby hills , the view interrupted by occasional stands of jeffrey pines .
until now , the hills had looked normal enough , covered by sagebrush interspersed with monkeyflower , phlox , and a few stands of pinyon pines .
all that would be left would be ash and the burned trunks of some of the larger pines .
the toyota was parked near a small path that led back through a stand of ponderosa pines .
after a turn in the pathway , a quaint cedar - plank cottage appeared , nestled among the pines .
the buildings of downtown lifted above the pines several blocks ahead , and he could hear , for the first time , the noise of cars in motion , distant voices , the hum of ventilation systems .
a three - story building next to the cafe with a sign overhanging the stoop : wayward pines hotel the smell of coffee beans pulled him off the bench .
` ` this is wayward pines , idaho .
he arrived at the corner of fifth and main in front of a two - story brownstone with first national bank of wayward pines stenciled across the glass double doors .
skozie mack and jane 403 e 3rd st w pines 83278 ... ... ... .559 - 0196 he skimmed the last two pages - skozie was the only mack listed in the wayward pines phone directory .
he crossed another road , moving slower still up the next block as he passed under the branches of three enormous pines that overhung the street .
alpenglow had given the rock surrounding wayward pines a pinkish tint , the same shade as the darkening sky .
nurse pam had left the blinds open , and when he tired of clock - watching , he turned carefully over onto his good side and studied the happenings of wayward pines .
rent a car for the long trek out to wayward pines .
stepping inside , he thumbed through the directory until he found the street address of the wayward pines sheriff 's office .
how many had discovered wayward pines by accident , fell in love , stayed ?
he 'd seen pictures of wayward pines the night before he left seattle , but none of them had even come close to doing this little valley justice .
* * * the placard above the glass double doors : office of the sheriff of wayward pines moving toward the front entrance down a walkway lined with baby pines , he felt a new impulse of frustration course through him .
* * * the placard above the glass double doors : office of the sheriff of wayward pines moving toward the front entrance down a walkway lined with baby pines , he felt a new impulse of frustration course through him .
he walked several blocks down to the wayward pines hotel and climbed the stone steps to the entrance .
the boiling pine resin gave off the sweet smell of a candle .
` ` welcome to the wayward pines hotel .
` ` and so you 're , like , on an investigation in wayward pines ? ''
if anyone gets this message before then , please call me at the wayward pines hotel .
in wayward pines ? ''
the seedy side of wayward pines ?
he 'd come to the eastern edge of wayward pines and behind the houses that lined this street , civilization came to an abrupt end .
a steep hillside , wooded with pines , ran up several hundred feet to the base of that cirque that enclosed the town .
completely isolated from what little bustle downtown wayward pines could muster .
` ` what were they doing in wayward pines ? ''
` ` and he has a connection to wayward pines ? ''
i ' m staying at the wayward pines hotel , room two twenty - six .
` ` look , i ' m up here in wayward pines , idaho , in the middle of a shitstorm .
` ` tell him to call agent ethan burke at the wayward pines sheriff 's office , or at the wayward pines hotel , room two twenty - six .
` ` tell him to call agent ethan burke at the wayward pines sheriff 's office , or at the wayward pines hotel , room two twenty - six .
* * * ethan 's jacket and shirt smelled marginally better as he slid his arms into the sleeves and started down the street , away from the wayward pines sheriff 's office .
on a romantic vacation , he figured , enjoying a completely different side of wayward pines .
they had a two - and - a - half - hour meeting , and then ethan and stallings left boise at approximately eleven fifteen a.m. '' ` ` and they were going to wayward pines to look into ... '' ` ` among other things , the disappearance of agent bill evans and kate hewson . ''
` ` at this point , they were an hour outside of wayward pines . ''
at 3:07 p.m. , at an intersection in wayward pines , agent stallings had pulled out in front of a mack truck .
if ethan had ridden in that car for three hours on the drive from boise to wayward pines , this team would ' ve at least found some molecular trace of him . ''
` ` if i told you that you were in a hospital in wayward pines , would that jog anything loose ? ''
` ` wayward pines . ''
nothing , in fact , but the sound of birds cheeping and wind pushing through the crowns of three tall pines that loomed over the hospital 's front lawn .
it seemed impossible as he considered it - to have had no contact with his family , with hassler , with anyone outside of wayward pines .
i ' m still in wayward pines .
` ` marcy , it was regarding a dead secret service agent in wayward pines , idaho . ''
tried to lay everything out , all that had happened since he 'd come to wayward pines .
` ` so what are you doing in wayward pines , ethan ? ''
followed them for several blocks as they walked slowly ahead at the pace of two people who had not a care in the world , holding hands , their voices and laughter lilting up into the pines .
the front porch under the shadow of an old pine tree .
there was enough fuel to blow out of wayward pines .
there were no signs of habitation here , the road on a straight trajectory through a forest of pines so giant they could ' ve been first - growth .
in block letters , under the perfect smiling family : welcome to wayward pines where paradise is home ethan accelerated past the sign , the road moving parallel to a split - rail fence , the headlights grazing over a pasture and a herd of cattle .
back in the mist and the towering pines , he searched for a sign , for some indication of where the road veered off toward the pass , but there was nothing .
it should barrel on through these pines another half mile and then begin the long series of switchbacks up the side of that mountain to the south .
these trees ... he 'd never seen pines so tall , and with little in the way of undergrowth to contend with , moving between the massive trunks was easy - a forest with breathing room .
` ` so what i ' m wondering is ... why 'd you really come to wayward pines ? ''
` ` i do n't know what you 're trying to do , what game- '' ` ` my theory , agent evans had been pursuing you , finally caught up with you here in wayward pines .
because nothing in wayward pines made sense .
he 'd already experienced plenty of fear , homesickness , and hopelessness since arriving in wayward pines , but now he bottomed out into complete despair .
they entered a cemetery filled with crumbling headstones interspersed with scrub oaks and pines .
` ` what is wayward pines ? ''
why are you my only friend in wayward pines ? ''
` ` how did you wind up in wayward pines ? ''
i 'll have been in wayward pines a whole year . ''
waking was wayward pines .
` ` the people here ... they do n't talk to each other about anything outside of wayward pines , '' she said .
he thought of all the quaint victorian houses in wayward pines and of all the families who lived inside them .
i started to see how people could grow to accept a life in wayward pines .
` ` fourth time i ventured out , i went south up the main road , the one i 'd driven into wayward pines .
it said , ' return to wayward pines .
evans was one of the secret service agents i was sent to wayward pines to find . ''
` ` every telephone in every house in wayward pines is ringing right now .
` ` there are just over five hundred people living in wayward pines , and every one of them will be looking for you .
he shut it all away - the fear , the agony , the cold - and tore through the pines , dodging gravestones .
though he could n't see it in the dark , on his left lay that grassy riverbank where he 'd first come to consciousness in wayward pines five days ago .
lights from the cemetery , the river , and the pines on the north end of the park had converged in that open field in a luminescent swarm that moved toward him now as a single entity , accompanied by a jumble of voices drunk with the giddy exuberance of a chase .
her five years in wayward pines , there 'd been only four fetes .
kept to the sidewalk , hauling ass under the pitch - black shade of the pines .
three strides before he reached the pines , the voice of a child shouted , ` ` he 's going into the woods ! ''
he rushed into the trees , gulping air perfumed with the bittersweet fragrance of wet pine .
those who did n't , ethan charged , feeling a bit like an elk trying to scatter a pack of predatory coyotes , but eventually he chased off all but one , the children screaming as they vanished into the pines as if the devil was after them .
adult voices rang out , a new squadron of flashlights twinkling in the pines like emerging stars .
` ` where 'd you live before wayward pines ? ''
lights broke out of the pines into the meadow .
on the other side , an old pine forest swept up a mountainside for several thousand feet into roiling clouds .
on ethan 's side of the river , the bank climbed steeply for forty feet to the base of that same red - rock cliff that encircled wayward pines .
he passed into a grove of soaring pines .
the rocky ground gave way to soft , moist earth covered in a cushion of dead pine needles , ethan thinking , worse comes to worse , i 'll sleep here .
but at least he 'd have some protection under the canopies of these ancient pines .
scrambling on all fours up through the pines and then out of them onto a field of shattered rock .
they were down in those giant pines by the river and so well hidden in shadow that he could n't gauge their number .
thirty seconds later , they emerged out of the shadow of the pines , onto the crushed rock at the base of the slope .
in the new light , he could finally see the damage he 'd sustained fleeing wayward pines .
* * * by early afternoon , the nature of the canyon had begun to change , the river narrowing until it could only be called a stream , pines shrinking , growing fewer and farther between , and those he encountered were stunted and gnarled , dwarfed victims of punishing winters .
signage on the fence advised : high voltage risk of death and return to wayward pines beyond this point you will die ethan stopped five feet from the barricade and made a thorough inspection - the fence was constructed of square panels of wire , the side of each square approximately four inches long .
after his time in wayward pines , it felt surreal to be this alone again , so far removed from other people .
return to wayward pines ?
during her time in wayward pines , she 'd seen the man around town on numerous occasions , but they 'd never spoken - she 'd been warned about that from the beginning .
not wayward pines , or the canyon , or those creatures , or even you .
a view of main street in wayward pines .
the shelves were forty feet tall , three deep on either side , and extended the length of a football field , ethan figuring they contained enough linear board feet to rebuild wayward pines five times over .
but it listed only one destination ... wayward pines 3.5 ethan glanced back at all the cars , thinking maybe he could borrow one of the older models , which were much easier to hotwire .
ethan glanced out the window - endless pine forests streaming through valleys and over hills that occasionally climbed above the timberline into sheer rock escarpments .
ethan said , ` ` ever since i came to wayward pines , you ' ve done nothing but f**k with me .
meanwhile , pilcher had been looking for a small town to house his cargo , and when he stumbled across wayward pines , he knew it was perfect .
it was n't perfect , and we did lose some material , but enough survived to rebuild the wayward pines infrastructure , which time and the elements had completely erased .
` ` your colleagues , kate hewson and bill evans - when they disappeared in wayward pines , they were trying to find me .
` ` so you abducted people who came to wayward pines . ''
` ` what wayward pines is .
without the protection and infrastructure of a place like wayward pines , no one could survive .
i even made the decision to broadcast the coordinates of pines on the remote chance there were other humans out there .
i went to sleep shortly after you so i could still have twenty - five years in wayward pines postsuspension .
` ` that 's why you ' ve built fences around wayward pines . ''
` ` wayward pines is just a shrunken world .
in pines , the boundaries are the cliff walls that protect the town , and the mysterious presence in the mountains , aka me . ''
there 's an underground contingent in pines who presents a facade of compliance .
you understand that would mean the end of pines .
when they were seated and facing each other , pilcher said , ` ` all you ' ve wanted to do since you woke up in pines is leave .
` ` how long have they been in pines ? ''
you were never going to accept the reality of wayward pines .
they know nothing about the world outside of pines .
you can reign in hell here on the outside , or serve in heaven , back in pines .
but if you come back to pines , if you want that safety and support for your family , for yourself , it 's on my terms .
` ` help me run pines .
these last few days , he 'd been fighting to get back to his life outside of wayward pines , but it was gone .
it was pines .
the lights of wayward pines glowed against the cliffs that boxed it in , and for the first time , those steep mountain walls seemed inviting .
in no way am i suggesting that pines is as good as lynch 's masterpiece , or even something that is likely to take you back to the feeling of that series .
but i feel the need to express how much pines is inspired by lynch 's creation of a small town in the middle of nowhere - beautiful on the outside , but with a pitch - black underbelly .
from the open platform , he had a panoramic view of the surrounding peaks , the canyon , the forest , and the town of wayward pines , which from four thousand feet above , was little more than a grid of intersecting streets , couched in a protected valley .
2 there were still moments , like this one , when wayward pines felt like a real place .
ten minutes later , he pushed through the glass double doors under a sign that read : office of the sheriff of wayward pines reception stood empty .
in wayward pines , she was the town 's sole realtor , which meant she spent her days sitting behind a desk in an office on main street that people rarely entered .
was n't sweeping him away from the reality of wayward pines .
as far as he knew , he was the sole resident of wayward pines who knew the truth , and it was his job to make certain it stayed that way .
the road went on , and he walked its shoulder into a forest of towering pines .
he glanced back toward wayward pines .
two hundred yards from the road , he reached the boulders , a collection of granite blocks scattered between the pines .
every resident of wayward pines , himself included , had been chemically suspended in that room for eighteen hundred years .
the centerpiece was a large table that displayed , under glass , an architectural miniature of wayward pines , accurate even to the color of ethan 's house .
he was the billionaire - inventor ( when money meant something ) behind wayward pines , behind this complex inside the mountain .
at this very moment , beyond the electrified fence that surrounded wayward pines , lived hundreds of millions of what humanity had devolved into - aberrations .
ethan bristled internally at pilcher 's mention of his son , but he only said , ` ` the residents of pines are in no state of mind to make art . ''
he saw a swarm of abbies two thousand strong only twenty miles from the center of wayward pines .
the road into pines was empty , and ethan walked down the middle of the double yellow .
most buildings in pines had one or two blind spots .
it was n't the kind of thing he could say to theresa ( with people listening ) , but he 'd often thought that out of all the terrible hardships attendant to their life in pines - no privacy , no freedom , the ever - present threat of death - this daily milk from the dairy in the southeast corner of the valley had to be the one bright spot .
here in pines , she waited tables four nights a week at the biergarten .
out the window , the lights of pines were coming on - streetlamps , porch lights , houselights .
these were , without a doubt , the prime eating months of the year in wayward pines .
in pines , he taught lessons to anyone who wanted to learn , and every night of the week , played music for the town .
` ` good evening , wayward pines .
of something other than wayward pines .
ethan had still not recovered from his son growing up in wayward pines .
when people failed to pair up on their own , marriages in pines were often suggested .
ethan hated the surveillance and the abbies and pines 's culture of illusion .
ben had lived in pines for five years , almost as long as he 'd lived in the world before .
whereas ethan suspected that the adult residents of pines struggled every day with the memory of their past lives , ben was very much a product of this town , of this strange , new time .
the question had haunted their marriage before , but in pines it had assumed an entirely new gravity .
there 'd been a tearful reunion , but five years as a resident of pines had made her a stone - cold pro .
more and more , he was coming to realize that living in pines was like living in an elaborate play whose curtain never closed .
shakespeare could have been writing about pines : all the world 's a stage , and all the men and women merely players .
nighttime in wayward pines .
cars were never driven in pines at night .
after the hospital , he hit the high beams and pushed the gas pedal into the floor , accelerating into a narrow corridor of tall pines .
the man stood ten feet away beside the trunk of a giant pine , dressed in dark clothes and a black baseball cap .
` ` and by that , do you mean my house in wayward pines ?
because from my perspective , you ' ve been in pines all of five minutes .
her clothes as black as the shadows under the pines , only her eyes and her teeth visible .
welcome to wayward pines where paradise is home ethan sped alongside a split - rail fence .
ethan started back toward town , the lights of the houses of pines twinkling in the valley ahead .
ethan said , ` ` i was driving back to pines after peter mccall .
we ' ve never had a murder in wayward pines . ''
it 's the only way to keep a finger on the true pulse of wayward pines . ''
she 's a product of pines , and you have no idea what she 's capable of . ''
since her arrival in pines , she had wondered if this was her afterlife .
over the years of her residency , it had steadily dawned on her that pines felt much closer to a prison than any afterlife , although perhaps there was no meaningful distinction .
in pines , it was only ever small talk , and getting accustomed to that level of interaction had been one of the toughest hurdles to her integration .
and of course , it 's not like we can just sit down and talk about pines .
ethan was the subject of a fete , and the only person in the history of pines to escape one .
theresa said , ` ` i guess i just see pines as a new phase of my life . ''
what can the children of pines aspire to be ?
that maybe in pines there 's joy to be had in just surviving .
do you secretly fear that , as bad as you think it is in pines , it could be a million times worse on the outside ? ''
` ` were you aware of alyssa 's activities in pines ? ''
` ` you understand not everyone in wayward pines is responsible for her death . ''
in pines , she got to live in a house all to herself , but she missed sleeping in her room in the mountain .
education in pines was compulsory from age four to fifteen , and the curriculum was a mystery .
it happened in june , and around wayward pines , the celebration rivaled christmas and thanksgiving .
show us some of the best properties pines has to offer . ''
ethan supposed he understood pilcher 's thinking - life in wayward pines was struggle enough .
brad had been traveling through idaho on a two - week summer road trip with his new bride when they 'd stopped in wayward pines for a night .
like everyone else in pines , the fishers had woken up eighteen hundred years later in this beautiful prison of a town .
ethan was beginning to understand that in wayward pines these periods of shared quiet were normal , expected , inevitable .
but as a whole , conversations in pines unfurled at a measured , almost plodding pace , with a rhythm distinctly alien to the world before .
it was a forty - minute presentation , and for the duration , his mind was elsewhere - in the tiny town of wayward pines , idaho , that was more and more feeling like home .
ii 8 tobias finished tying off his bivy sack and descended the pine tree .
since he 'd steeped pine needles in a pot of boiling water and let something warm run down his throat .
he felt reasonably safe in this little grove of pines , but there was no sense in pushing the luck he 'd already pushed so many times to the breaking point .
dropped in a handful of sharp - smelling pine needles , fresh off the branch .
the chances of a swarm stumbling through this grove of pines were admittedly slim .
two hundred yards out , he glanced back at the grove of pines dwindling behind him .
for meeting pilcher 's number three , the man tasked with spying on the people of wayward pines in their most private moments .
we had a far more extensive exterior network when pines began fourteen years ago , but the elements have exacted considerable damage .
twenty - five monitors now merged into a single image - an aerial photograph of wayward pines .
he returned the screens to the aerial image of pines with the dayglo overlay .
` ` so aside from a few blind spots in each house , most of indoor pines is thoroughly wired .
and as you move away from the center of pines and toward the cliffs , it only gets worse .
ted 's fingers worked the touchscreens and the image of wayward pines and brad fisher 's lifelong trajectory switched back to twenty - five separate images .
ted reset the screens to the single aerial view of wayward pines .
wayne had come to wayward pines , idaho , on august 8 , 1992 , as a traveling encyclopedia salesman .
in the evening , after one sale , he 'd checked into the wayward pines hotel and then walked to a family - style restaurant .
ethan had only spoken to her once since coming to wayward pines , in the midst of his horrifying integration .
kate had lived in wayward pines for almost nine years .
one year later , she was missing in a town in idaho in the middle of nowhere called wayward pines , with ethan off to find her .
in this short exchange , it was obvious that kate had mastered the superficial conversational flow that the best of wayward pines could achieve without straining .
the bells jingled on the inner doorknob of wayward pines realty associates .
it was one thing to help someone who 'd been in wayward pines for several years upgrade to a new house .
weird even for wayward pines .
here among the dead at the south end of town , the lights of wayward pines were all but invisible .
the kate who 'd lived in wayward pines for nine years .
and if she 'd ever held out hope for leaving wayward pines , ethan had just destroyed it .
i ' m not saying anyone at the treasury department is ever going to forget that we had one agent killed and three go mia in wayward pines , idaho .
` ` wayward pines .
she 'll be happier with me in wayward pines than she 's ever been in her life . ''
` ` so ... '' ` ` we 're having a party on new year 's eve in wayward pines .
five hundred yards away , the abby emerged out of the forest of lodgepole pines .
it was n't the first time he was faced with the prospect of not making it back to wayward pines .
by his reckoning , wayward pines lay nestled thirty or forty miles east of his position .
fir and aspen starting to mix in with the pines .
dreamed of dreaming about his home in wayward pines .
theresa had warned him that in the heart of winter there always came a month - long span - the four weeks that framed the solstice - when the sun never made it above the cliffs that encircled wayward pines .
walking down the middle of the road , he glanced up at the wayward pines ` ` goodbye '' sign - a family of four frozen mid - smile , mid - wave .
we hope you enjoyed your visit to wayward pines !
that same perfect , smiling family on a billboard , greeting everyone with : welcome to wayward pines where paradise is home it was n't that ethan did n't appreciate the irony , and on some level , even the humor .
from this vantage point , the valley of wayward pines stood in shadow .
` ` you mean she did n't agree with how you ran wayward pines ? ''
` ` we have everything we need in wayward pines . ''
i ' m ethan burke , sheriff of wayward pines . ''
the wayward pines welcome manual issued to each resident upon their arrival lay open across the table 's faux - wood veneer .
seventy - five pages of dire threats sugarcoated as ` ` suggestions '' for living a happy life in pines .
` ` every person in wayward pines has sat where you sit , including me .
if you ever dreamed of leaving wayward pines , i destroyed that sliver of hope . ''
` ` this is the first time we ' ve been together in wayward pines without the cameras watching . ''
the lights of wayward pines looked hazy through the snow .
17 standing in the forest among the pines , she thought there was nothing prettier than snowflakes falling through night vision .
it was his second night in wayward pines , and night two was historically a night for runners .
standing in the dark between the pines with the burning specks of green falling all around her , she could n't make herself stop smiling .
this could ' ve been the catacombs beneath some european city , although in all likelihood , it was simply one of the last remaining pieces of infrastructure from the original , twenty - first - century wayward pines .
ethan kept looking back down the hillside , straining to see the lights of wayward pines , but it was all as black as pitch .
we talk about wayward pines .
in wayward pines , this crowd walked the line like perfect little townies .
he would ' ve pegged most everyone here as full - on converts to everything that life in wayward pines entailed , and yet here they were , freed of their microchips , at least for a few hours , drunk and happy and dancing in a cavern .
it 's funny - the week before i woke up in wayward pines , i thought i had finally arrived at the prime of my life .
stayed in boise for the first night , and i still remember that morning over breakfast when nance picked wayward pines off the map .
` ` we checked into the wayward pines hotel .
it 's been a lonely couple of years since i woke up in pines , and that 's why meeting harold and now all of you - people who i can share real moments with - is the best thing that 's happened to me in a very long time . ''
brad fisher had said he was born in 1966 , but the man could n't have been older than twenty - nine or thirty , which meant he had come to wayward pines , idaho , in the mid-1990s , with bill clinton president and 9/11 still five or six years away .
` ` what about his wayward pines wife , megan ? ''
ethan could see wayward pines now .
they merged into a single aerial overview of wayward pines , and a red blip appeared overtop of the mountain south of town .
just before 1:30 a.m. , the blip moved out of the mountain , through the forest , and onto the road into wayward pines .
ted switched to the aerial view of wayward pines .
ted pulled an aerial map of wayward pines , zoomed down onto kate ballinger 's house , and exploded the interactive blueprint .
they are n't risking their lives to go to these meetings just to sit around and talk about the good old days before wayward pines .
this was the busiest time of day in wayward pines , with school having just let out and the streets wonderfully noisy with the laughter of children .
` ` i ' m the sheriff of wayward pines .
he created all of this , everything we have in wayward pines . ''
` ` at school of the pines , '' she went on , ` ` we believe in a community approach to- '' ` ` yeah , private .
certainly not since she 'd woken up in wayward pines and attained this position of power .
to go from that brilliant sliver of freedom last night back to the day - to - day enslavement that defined life in wayward pines must be a crushing thing , he thought .
the ground was soft and patches of snow lingered in the shade between the pines .
and considering all that it was expected to keep out of wayward pines , and what it was intended to keep safe , it seemed so very fragile .
21 superstructure wayward pines , idaho new year 's eve , 2013 pilcher closed the doors to his office behind him .
moving past the architect 's miniature of the future wayward pines , he opened the closet , where a pristine tux hung from the rack .
earlier in the day , he 'd caught a glimpse of the jagged cirque that formed the amphitheater on wayward pines 's eastern wall .
he 'd already fixed his bivy thirty feet up in one of the overhanging pine trees .
none of the ten residents of wayward pines on the other end of the line breathed a single word .
on the outskirts of wayward pines , it was cold and dark .
wayward pines lay straight ahead .
remind them that the fete ultimately preserves the safety of wayward pines .
` ` but in their hearts , they hate wayward pines .
` ` so the question arises - why do they hate wayward pines ?
do you love life in wayward pines ?
` ` have all of you , '' ethan asked , ` ` resigned to wayward pines ?
once upon a time there was a place called wayward pines .
he did n't know it , the people of wayward pines did n't know it , and the sick f**k that built this town sure as hell did n't know it , but he had come to pull the wool away from their eyes .
he might retaliate against ethan , but the residents of wayward pines now knew the truth , and that was that .
you should all take a good look at it , and know that there are millions and millions of them outside the safety of wayward pines .
he stared down through the glass at the architectural miniature of wayward pines , tracing his finger across it to the intersection of eighth and main .
she put the residents of wayward pines in danger .
` ` because i know that no matter what i ' ve done , it 's all been in the service of creating wayward pines .
of protecting wayward pines .
25 1040 sixth street wayward pines three years , seven months ago on their last day together , she prepared his favorite meal .
i can see the mountains that surround wayward pines from my camp , and with any luck , i 'll come out of the cold tomorrow afternoon .
because the closer i get to wayward pines , all i can think about is you .
toward wayward pines .
prelude david pilcher superstructure wayward pines fourteen years ago he opens his eyes .
they all see a boulder - strewn pine forest in the midst of a snowstorm .
he says , ` ` i think this is where the road into wayward pines used to be . ''
the snow has let up , and , for the first time , he sees something familiar - those massive cliff walls that almost two thousand years ago surrounded the hamlet of wayward pines .
this is all that 's left of twenty - first - century wayward pines . ''
glimpses movement in the pines - pale forms pursuing him on all fours through the trees .
she 'd say , ` ` i had the strangest dream last night , '' but as she 'd try to explain it , all that she 'd experienced in wayward pines would slip back into the fog of forgotten dreams .
he weaved between the pines , now running alongside the quiet fence .
high beams blazed across the billboard at the edge of town , showing a family of four waving , smiling those carefree 1950s shit - eating grins over the slogan : welcome to wayward pines where paradise is home not anymore , ethan thought .
the outskirts of wayward pines .
the wayward pines hotel .
wayward pines realty associates , where ethan 's wife , theresa , worked .
people were emerging from their disbelief and shock in the wake of ethan 's decision to tell them all the truth about wayward pines .
kate 's disappearance in wayward pines had brought ethan to this town two thousand years ago .
brad fisher , wayward pines 's only lawyer , sat awkwardly in the destroyed front passenger seat of ethan 's bronco , clutching the handle on the door as ethan hit sixty on first avenue .
she thought of all the other residents of wayward pines .
two weeks before they 'd come on their fateful trip to wayward pines , she and teddy had spent a saturday at riverfront park in spokane .
ii pilcher wayward pines twelve years ago it 's morning .
when completed , the phrase will read , ` ` welcome to wayward pines where paradise is home . ''
it ran beneath the town , and , aside from the cemetery , it represented the last original construction leftover from twenty - first - century wayward pines .
mist swept across the road between the narrow corridor of pines .
wayward pines lay straight ahead , enveloped in darkness .
at least not beyond the electrified , razor - wired fence that surrounds the town of wayward pines .
david pilcher , hassler 's boss and the creator of wayward pines , estimated there were half a billion abbies on this continent alone .
he puts the duster on wet and grabs the rest of his gear and jogs across the clearing toward the stand of pines .
the sun pushes through the pines in splashes of light .
to wayward pines .
his wayward pines wife walked over .
` ` before wayward pines , i mean . ''
wayward pines was somewhere out there , the town still dark but filled with distant screams .
iv pilcher the town of wayward pines lay in ruin - buildings turned upside down , cars scattered , roads cracked in two .
this architectural miniature of wayward pines had been commissioned by david pilcher in 2010 , and he 'd spared no expense for the elaborate model , whose price tag came in at $ 35,000 .
they triggered off the microchips embedded in every resident of wayward pines , and , my , were they popping tonight .
she 'd watched them running north toward wayward pines from forty feet up a pine tree .
two of the monitors were smashed , and the architect 's miniature of wayward pines had capsized , the glass that had once covered the model town shattered across the floor , houses and buildings crushed amid the shards .
wayward pines is n't the streets or the buildings or the suspension units .
this morning , there had been four hundred sixty - one souls in wayward pines .
in the town of wayward pines , eighty percent of humanity had been wiped out .
did ted know what was happening in wayward pines ?
there 's a chance we 're all that 's left of wayward pines . ''
the man responsible for the deaths of our families and our friends , for you even being in wayward pines in the first place , is alive and well two miles from where we stand .
hassler the nomad had planned to spend one last night in the wild , but the moment hassler zipped into his bivy sack at the top of the pine tree , the realization hit : sleep would never find him .
he could n't be certain , but by his estimate , wayward pines was just a few miles to the north , and now that the swarm of abbies had moved out of his path , he was in the clear to go home .
there had been only eight nomads sent out beyond the fence in the history of wayward pines .
he was n't an extrovert , and even though they existed for him only on surveillance monitors , ted felt he spent every working second with the residents of wayward pines .
he would make the residents of wayward pines his subjects .
the stories had poured out of him and the paper had accumulated beside his desk like snowfall until he had thousands upon thousands of pages detailing the lives ( as he envisioned them ) of the people of wayward pines .
his working title was the secret lives of wayward pines , and he imagined the cover as a collection of all the faces of all the people who lived down in that valley .
` ` i made a choice , ted , in that previous life , that nothing , nothing , was more important than wayward pines . ''
she led them into the pines .
after a quarter of a mile , the terrain leveled out and they emerged from the woods behind an old , decrepit house on the eastern edge of town , the same house , ethan realized , where he 'd found the mutilated corpse of agent evans when he 'd first arrived in wayward pines .
` ` just another ploy to make wayward pines feel real .
the man holding open the door was spitz , the wayward pines postman , an inventive position for a town that had zero need for the mail .
the forest of towering pines looming in the distance .
wayward pines dwindled away in the rearview mirror .
if he had to bet , pilcher was planning to make certain that every last resident of wayward pines had been wiped out and then tell his people there had been a terrible accident .
` ` and he also told me to shoot you , so- '' ` ` people are dying in wayward pines , marcus .
they still had a long way to go , but progress had been made , and the tops of the pine trees were only twenty feet below them .
ben nodded , glanced down the face of the cliff into the welcoming darkness of the dense pine forest .
by her estimate , they were approximately a mile from the edge of town , but she was n't confident that heading for wayward pines was the safest play .
the left side of the wall showed feeds from wayward pines .
the only thing stopping him really was the sense that this man 's death belonged mostly to the people of wayward pines .
` ` little town called wayward pines . ''
they had reached the outskirts of wayward pines but had somehow traversed the entire forest to the north side of town .
most front yards in wayward pines were enclosed by white picket fences , so she and ben jogged up the sidewalk .
theresa could see the tall pine trees in the distance that soared out of the front lawn of the sheriff 's office .
as they crossed the lobby , theresa glanced toward the entrance , saw the pair of abbies running up the walkway lined with baby pine trees , seconds away from entering .
at the far end , theresa saw the black bars of wayward pines 's only jail cell .
night had fallen over wayward pines .
the gunshots were louder here , the reports issuing from somewhere deep in the tunnel that led down through the mountain into wayward pines .
if we 're going to roll out in force into wayward pines , we better take every last weapon in our arsenal .
he said , ` ` so the residents of wayward pines get to spend another night in the dark , in the cold , with no food , no water , sharing that valley with a swarm of abbies . ''
the truth about wayward pines ?
it felt strange to look at this entire group , which for fourteen years had worked together to keep its fellow human beings , the residents of wayward pines , living in the dark .
i told the residents of wayward pines the truth .
the idea of wayward pines was always more important to him than the people who called that town home , and i ' m sorry to say , it was more important than any of you .
she believed the people of wayward pines deserved better than 24 - 7 surveillance , than being forced to murder one another , than never knowing the truth .
arrival and departure times for transportation going back and forth to wayward pines .
tonight , it would show david pilcher , the creator of wayward pines , murdering his only daughter .
` ` i would n't have survived wayward pines without you , adam , but i thought you were never coming back .
viii theresa wayward pines five years ago she stands in the rain , barefoot , her hospital gown soaked straight through to her skin , staring up at a twenty - five - foot fence whose barbed wires crackle with electricity .
two signs nearby warn : high voltage risk of death and : return to wayward pines beyond this point you will die she crumples down in the dirt .
struggling up onto her feet , she digs in for a sprint , feet sliding in the wet pine needles .
` ` you 're in wayward pines , idaho . ''
` ` i figured you had gone to wayward pines looking for ethan , so i went looking for you . ''
` ` you 're looking at the sous - chef in training at the aspen house , nicest restaurant in wayward pines . ''
behind every door he passed , residents of wayward pines slept safe and sound .
theresa she walked with hassler through the forest south of town , snowflakes drifting down between the pines .
he walked her slowly back against a pine tree , and as he pressed into her she ran her fingers through his hair .
in silence , they headed into wayward pines .
` ` i monitor the systems that keep the superstructure and wayward pines functioning .
` ` four hundred sixty - one living in wayward pines .
the end of wayward pines has been coming for a long time , but david did n't want to face it .
` ` before wayward pines , hassler and i used to work together .
` ` how did adam hassler come to be a resident of wayward pines ? ''
i let him have one good year in wayward pines , and then i sent him out on a suicide mission beyond the fence .
ethan was n't sure what it was - maybe the lateness of the day , the darkening clouds , the cold , gray indifference of the towering cliffs - but wayward pines felt , possibly for the first time since he 'd come here , like exactly what it was : the last town on earth .
if kate had never transferred to boise , she never would have come to wayward pines .
` ` what if i were to tell you that we could n't stay in wayward pines any longer ?
it feels hopeless sometimes , and now more than ever , but we have everything we need in wayward pines . ''
on all fours , he scrambled up through the pines that clung to the steepening hillside .
there were plenty of other fatal options on the cliffs that surrounded wayward pines , but this particular precipice had the benefit of being the most sheer .
were you two married in wayward pines ? ''
we lived together in wayward pines , and she never knew she was here because of me .
flashlights , torches , held by the residents of wayward pines , and by his own people from the mountain , all of whom surrounded him in a tight circle of bodies .
a fete was on the table , but in the end it did n't feel right , putting you to death using the same self - policing approach you forced upon the citizens of wayward pines . ''
at the curve in the road , everyone stepped off the pavement and headed into the woods , pilcher thinking , i never even looked back , never got one last glimpse of wayward pines .
the starlight coming though the tops of the pines was insufficient to light his way .
if you 're willing to force this on people , then what was the point of ever telling them the truth about wayward pines ? ''
we 're here right now because of the choice i made to tell everyone the truth about wayward pines .
` ` francis leven is here from the superstructure and he can walk you all through the particulars , explain exactly why our lives are no longer sustainable in wayward pines .
he missed hecter gaither 's piano , the sound of it coming through the radios in all the houses of wayward pines .
` ` last meal in wayward pines , '' she said .
he sat up on one elbow and watched his family , watched them all through the night , until the sky lightened in the windows and dawn broke on their final day in wayward pines .
even though he knew the message that was coming , it still twisted his stomach up in knots as he held the receiver to his ear and listened to his own voice say , ` ` people of wayward pines , it 's time . ''
kate stopped in the middle of the road , the last residents of wayward pines moving past them .
as the last of the crowd pushed on past them , they lingered where the main road out of wayward pines entered the darkness of the forest .
at length , they turned away and moved on down the road together , into the woods , away from wayward pines .
men in white lab coats were helping the residents of wayward pines to climb into the suspension units .
because the residents of wayward pines will face it together .
with a bunch of us heading off to four pines , she knows we ca n't have her loose . ''
they had decided to pretend that several of them would be teleporting to a preserve called four pines in canada .
` ` four pines should be secure , '' trask announced , sliding a dagger back into its sheath , ` ` but we ca n't be too careful . ''
they passed beneath tall cedars and pines , the capricious wind stirring the limbs overhead .
kendra counted more than a dozen before she tripped and went sprawling onto a moist mat of old pine needles .
the lower they went , the taller the pines became .
dipping below the treetops , the immense predator plowed through the tall pines , bulky body noisily felling trees as it smashed to a halt .
the peryton swerved , and suddenly they were weaving through a slalom course of pines .
seth enjoyed being outside -- the smell of the pines , the cool thin air , the ice - fringed streams full of smooth , glossy pebbles .
when they landed in a grove of tall pines , raxtus set kendra on her feet .
after covertly dropping them off beneath a stand of pines , the griffins had flown off to continue the search for kendra .
the red dragon swept low over the trees , a roiling inferno jetting from its jaws to set a long strip of pines ablaze .
` ` i promise , '' she said and kissed him back . < br/ > 01 : initiation the tower , which was not supposed to be there , plunges into the earth in a place just before the black pine forest begins to give way to swamp and then the reeds and wind - gnarled trees of the marsh flats .
the tall pines , with their scaly ridges of bark , rose on both sides , and the shadows of flying birds conjured lines between them .
the rest of the time , i spent up a pine tree , binoculars focused on the coast and the lighthouse .
02 : integration in the morning , i woke with my senses heightened , so that even the rough brown bark of the pines or the ordinary lunging swoop of a woodpecker came to me as a kind of minor revelation .
03 : immolation now a strange mood took hold of me , as i walked silent and alone through the last of the pines and the cypress knees that seemed to float in the black water , the gray moss that coated everything .
a second look , and from the direction of base camp amid the swamp and far distant pines , i could see strands of black smoke , which could have meant anything .
in a while , i would encounter the black water and cypress trees , vanguard for the sturdy utility of the pines .
it petered out into bushes and pine needles and the thick trunks of trees , the bark scaly and dark .
there were forests in the mountains east of tol honeth and around tol rane , of course , but those forests were fir , pine and spruce - all softwoods .
it was not particularly cold , and the damp snow clung to every limb of the widely scattered pines in the vale as i trudged toward the tree and my regular morning appointment with mother .
the land is gently rolling and dotted here and there with dark pines and with groves of snowy trunked birch and aspen .
the tamul mountains were one of those geographic anomalies which crop up here and there , a cluster of worn - down , weary - looking peaks with no evident connection to neighboring and more jagged peaks forested by fir and spruce and pine .
he rode off some distance into a thick grove of spindly sapling pines and dismounted .
they rode on back to where their friends had taken some small shelter on the lee - side of a pine grove .
sparhawk suggested , pointing toward a pasture backed by a pine grove .
that tumble and roar of waters rushing to their destined meeting with the great river magan was accompanied by the soft , melancholy sighing of an endless wind passing through the deep green forest of pine and fir and spruce which clad hills that reached toward the sky in a kind of unthinking yearning .
the reddish - hued peaks were jagged , and their lower flanks were covered with dark firs and pines .
it was thus that he was not actually aware of the robed and hooded figure standing beneath a broad - spread pine until he was almost on top of it .
the morning sun was very warm , and the shade of the tall , fragrant pines was pleasant .
she picked wildflowers as they wandered among the tall pines and firs and wove them into a garland for herself .
the sun sank low above the snowy peaks , and they made their camp in a small clump of stunted pines .
there were aspen trees and birch scattered among the pine , fir , and spruce , and the leaves of those particular trees had begun to turn , spattering the evergreen forest with patches of red and gold .
there were birch trees and oak scattered among the pines and firs of zelana 's domain , and their leaves were changing color now at what appeared to be an unnatural speed as he worked at his anvil .
the undergrowth was scanty , and the tall , straight trunks of fir and pine rose like great columns toward the blue sky overhead .
the wind stirred the branches of the pines around them , making a mournful , sighing sound .
on this side , however , the dominant tree was the pine , and the undergrowth was sparse .
they crossed the ridge and angled down toward the pines clustered at the bottom of the basin ahead .
the thick stand of sapling pine in the basin blocked the force of the gale , but the snow swirled about them as they reined in .
they set up for the night in the shelter of the pines .
back among the pines that carpeted the valley floor , garion heard a familiar barking .
a small mountain brook trickled from its mouth , and a dense thicket of spindly pines filled it seemingly from wall to wall .
the pines around the inner edge of the clearing , pressed by the limbs of the others in the thicket , leaned inward , almost touching above the center of the open area .
` ` young pine trees babble a lot . ''
then i noticed a movement near the dark line of arborvitae and thick dwarf pines separating the stone terrace from the rest of the grounds .
it promised a turn - off in two - tenths of a mile , and a few minutes later there was a faded red arrow pointing us towards a dirt road that disappeared into a forest of pines and high shrubs .
a strange harmony , unique to the singing cicada bug , rose up around us , lending a spooky air to the place , as we slowly pedaled our way over the sand and pine - needled pathway .
everything was crystal clear , the air cool and crisp , clean and smelling of pine .
beyond was dense forest of pine and spruce , and the mountain like a black wall , but the steps were there , chiseled deep into the rock , ascending into the sky .
chapter sixty - two tyrion on a hill overlooking the kingsroad , a long trestle table of rough - hewn pine had been erected beneath an elm tree and covered with a golden cloth .
green pine .
imagine old gnarled oaks and tall pines , flowering thornbushes , grey stones bearded with moss , little creeks running icy down steep hillsides .
` ` you have forests of tall pine and old oak .
jon went to gather fuel , digging down under deadfalls for the drier wood beneath and peeling back layers of sodden pine needles until he found likely kindling .
to south and east the wood went on as far as jon could see , a vast tangle of root and limb painted in a thousand shades of green , with here and there a patch of red where a weirwood shouldered through the pines and sentinels , or a blush of yellow where some broadleafs had begun to turn .
she liked the sharp smell of the pines and sentinels , the feel of grass and dirt between her toes , and the sound the wind made in the leaves .
he remembered their godswood ; the tall sentinels armored in their grey - green needles , the great oaks , the hawthorn and ash and soldier pines , and at the center the heart tree standing like some pale giant frozen in time .
sentinels and soldier pines grew thick about here , and there was nothing as dark and gloomy as an evergreen forest .
the pines and sentinels gave way to huge dark oaks .
qhorin came and stood over him as the first flame rose up flickering from the shavings of bark and dead dry pine needles .
over bare rock they rode , through gloomy pine forests and drifts of old snow , over icy ridges and across shallow rivers that had no names .
he padded over dry needles and brown leaves , to the edge of the wood where the pines grew thin .
a few pines along the edge of the wood had been scorched , but deeper in the damp soil and green wood had defeated the flames .
the island was densely wooded , a tangle of willows , oaks , and tall pines that cast deep shadows across the rushing water , hiding snags and the rotted trunks of drowned trees .
the soldier pines were dressed in somber greens , the broadleafs in russets and faded golds already beginning to brown .
it was growing colder , and pale white mists were threading between the pines and blowing across the bare burned flelds .
chapter seven jon the world was grey darkness , smelling of pine and moss and cold .
he had followed the riders at a distance all day , as was his custom , but when the moon rose over the soldier pines he 'd come bounding up , red eyes aglow .
in an open space surrounded by tall green soldier pines , rattleshirt dismounted .
trees clung to its lower slopes , pines and hawthorn and ash , but higher up the ground was bare , the ridgeline stark against the cloudy sky .
the sun hung above the tall pines huge and red , and below him the trees and hills went on and on as far as he could see or smell .
these woods belonged to them , the snowy slopes and stony hills , the great green pines and the golden leaf oaks , the rushing streams and blue lakes fringed with fingers of white frost .
giant grey - green sentinels loomed above them now , and spruce and fir and soldier pines in endless profusion .
owls hooted through the dark and flew silently between the pines , while pale goats moved along the mountainsides .
the day was growing old by then , and long shadows were creeping down the mountainsides to send black fingers through the pines .
so many stars , he thought as he trudged up the slope through pines and firs and ash .
the mouth of the cave was a cleft in the rock barely wide enough for a horse , half concealed behind a soldier pine .
even if by some mischance a patrol should happen to pass atop the wall tonight , they would see nothing but hills and pines and the icy sheen of starlight on a half - frozen lake .
and above the soldier pines and oaks and ash and sentinels stood the wall , the ice pale and glimmering beneath the dust and dirt that pocked its surface .
huge bare oaks , tall sentinels , and hosts of soldier pines stood all around them .
only the spruce and the soldier pines still showed green , thrusting up at the belly of the clouds like tall dark spears .
in the higher hills , they came upon a tiny isolated village surrounded by grey - green sentinels and tall blue soldier pines , and clegane decided to risk going in .
they had beds stuffed with straw and not too many lice , the food was plain but filling , and the air smelled of pines .
dany pictured jorah moving amongst old gnarled oaks and tall pines , past flowering thornbushes , grey stones bearded with moss , and little creeks running icy down steep hillsides .
the fires were leaping from tent to tent and some of the tall pines were going up as well .
merrett glanced about , and saw nothing but gorse , bracken , thistle , sedge , and blackberry bushes between the pines and grey - green sentinels .
only the soldier pines and sentinels still showed green ; the broadleaf trees had donned mantles of russet and gold , or else uncloaked themselves to scratch against the sky with branches brown and bare .
there , where denyo pointed , a line of stony ridges rose sudden from the sea , their steep slopes covered with soldier pines and black spruce .
the right - hand fork followed the coast , meandering up along the shore toward crackclaw point , a dismal land of bogs and pine barrens ; the left - hand ran through hills and fields and woods to maidenpool .
the black sky went grey as slate ; the black sea turned grey - green ; the black mountains of great wyk across the bay put on the blue - green hues of soldier pines .
chapter twenty brienne east of maidenpool the hills rose wild , and the pines closed in about them like a host of silent grey - green soldiers .
it 's the pines for us from here on . ''
sentinels and soldier pines rose all around them , towering green - clad spears thrusting toward the sky .
it rained a bit , stopped for a time , then started once again , but amongst the pines they scarce felt a drop .
the pines drank his song , as they drank the wind and rain .
they rode through pines and bogs , under dark skies and intermittent rain , past sinkholes and caves and the ruins of ancient strongholds whose stones were blanketed in moss .
with nimble dick leading the way , they rode back into the pines .
one moment they were in the depths of the forest , with nothing but pines to see for leagues and leagues .
soldier pines were everywhere , drawn up in solemn ranks .
nor would the braavosi cut the pines that covered the outlying islands around their great lagoon and acted as windbreaks to shield them from storms .
below stone the steps were broader and less steep , winding in and out of the tall pines and grey - green sentinels that cloaked the lower slopes of the giant 's lance .
they were riding through a gloomy wood , a dank , dark , silent place where the pines pressed close .
bran never said the words aloud , but they were often on his lips as their ragged company trudged through groves of ancient oaks and towering grey - green sentinels , past gloomy soldier pines and bare brown chestnut trees .
the next hill was covered with pines , and the sharp scent of their needles filled the air .
the queen 's men had made it from the trees of the haunted forest , from saplings and supple branches , pine boughs sticky with sap , and the bone - white fingers of the weirwoods .
at dagger lake the qhoyne comes rushing in , the darkling daughter , full of gold and amber from the axe and pine - cones from the forest of qohor .
banners flew above its walls : a moose , a battle - axe , three pine trees , longaxes crossed beneath a crown , a horse 's head with fiery eyes . ''
the sun was sinking behind the tall pines of the wolfswood as asha climbed the wooden steps to the bedchamber that had once been galbart glover 's .
the air smelled of pines instead of salt .
the sound of the waves washing against a rocky shore was in her blood , but there were no waves at deepwood motte ... only the trees , the endless trees , soldier pines and sentinels , beech and ash and ancient oaks , chestnut trees and ironwoods and firs .
` ` what 's here that you should hold so tight to it but pine and mud and foes ?
two long coastlines , a hundred hidden coves , otters in the lakes , salmon in the rivers , clams along the shore , colonies of seals offshore , tall pines for building ships . ''
the wooden watchtower was the tallest thing this side of the mountains , rising twenty feet above the biggest sentinels and soldier pines in the surrounding woods .
tall soldier pines and gnarled old oaks closed in around them .
these ships are made of rope and pitch and canvas , of qohorik pine and teak from sothoros , old oak from great norvos , yew and ash and spruce .
banners flew from its square towers , flapping in the wind : the flayed man of the dreadfort , the battle - axe of cerwyn , tallhart 's pines , the merman of manderly , old lord locke 's crossed keys , the umber giant and the stony hand of flint , the hornwood moose .
snowflakes drifted down soundlessly to cloak the soldier pines and sentinels in white .
ghost bounded toward the trees , slipped between two white - cloaked pines , and vanished in a cloud of snow .
the soldier pines and sentinels wore thick white coats , and icicles draped the bare brown limbs of the broadleafs .
the snow clung to their boots and breeches , and the wind rattled the pines and made their cloaks snap and swirl .
in amongst these chestnuts and elms and soldier pines he had found secret places where he could hide when he wanted to be alone .
along the walls the banners hung : the horseheads of the ryswells in gold , brown , grey , and black ; the roaring giant of house umber ; the stone hand of house flint of flint 's finger ; the moose of hornwood and the merman of manderly ; cerwyn 's black battle - axe and the tallhart pines .
` ` i do n't care what she says , '' muttered dolorous edd , as val vanished behind a stand of soldier pines .
faded and stained , torn and mended , their banners and surcoats still made a riot of colors amidst the winter wood - azure and orange , red and green , purple and blue and gold , glimmering amongst bare brown trunks , grey - green pines and sentinels , drifts of dirty snow .
most are scattered working in the orchard , wearing heavy work aprons , all the men in long sleeves , the women in long skirts , cutting down pine - like fruits with machetes or carrying away baskets or working on the irrigashun pipes and so on .
` ` crested pine , '' hildy says .
it 's a pretty big barn , seventy - five to eighty metres from end to end , maybe , and about half full of baskets of crested pine .
from the time i could stand , i worked with her in our orchards , picking apples and crested pine and roisin fruit . ''
he takes out a crested pine from the top and immediately shoves it in his mouth .
a lone , twisted pine had managed somehow to grow from the sheer face of the stone .
instead , he spun around and fled into the pines .
his rage was complete , consuming him as fire envelops the needles of a pine .
a quarter mile up the creek , black harris found a spring , surrounded by a thick stand of pines .
henry glanced at glass , lying on the litter in the shade of the pines .
they had fresh meat to smoke , a buffalo calf , and the shelter of the pines gave them added confidence in building fires .
from a crack between two of the great stones grew a lone , twisted pine .
the tree was a sibling to the lodgepole pines that the local tribes used to frame their teepees , but the seed of its origin had been lifted high above the fertile soil of the forest below .
there was no straight path to sunlight , so the pine grew sideways before it grew upward , worming its way from the crevice before turning toward the sky .
but none grew higher than the twisted pine on top of the rock .
bridger walked again into the pines , this time looking for a tree with loose bark .
fitzgerald worked his way from the willows to the pines .
once glass emerged from the protective shelter of the pines , the horizon broadened in a landscape broken only by rolling buttes and scattered clumps of cottonwoods .
jack rode on a sturdy horse in the inaccessible forests of snow covered taiga , among the spruce , larches , pines and conifers .
jack searched in the birch forest of khimki , the karakan pine forest , in the forest of ural mountain , romincka forest and forests of caucasus .
on both side of the road , there was a dense growth of conifers - mostly pines and firs , which blocked out most of the sunlight .
it struck the trunk of a distant pine tree , with a loud noise .
lining the edges of the clearing were sprawling live oak trees and tall loblolly pines .
wilder woods consists of more than one hundred acres of spindly pine trees , saltwater estuaries and raised swamps .
the loblolly pines surrounding the clearing cast long shadows that make it seem more like night than dusk .
a couple hundred feet in , the path narrows and winds through spindly pines .
i peered from around the thick trunk of the pine and sucked in a breath .
we did not go far from the redoubt ; we followed the stream just to the edge of the pine grove .
and if you do nt get out , i shall drive you through the pines until your pelt is dripping in blood from your still - living limbs .
she turned on the spot and whisked away into a thick grove of pines , kicking up leaves into his face and hearing his howl of fury as she disappeared .
she dove into a pile of dead leaves amongst the pooled shadows of a pine tree , her white pelt melting into the darkness as though it had never been there .
mustard - yellow eyes scanned the grove of shadowy pines , flickering sparks in the darkness .
something large and heavy rammed into alanki from behind , sending her spinning off into the shadow of a nearby pine .
alanki watched them from among the shadowed roots of her pine , crouching as close to the thick trunk as she could .
they would nt happen to be the wolves in the pine grove back there , no ?
had she scented me , even through all the blood and fear in the pine grove ?
she had to hide ; the pack would be coming soon , there was a shadowy hollow just beyond a row of dark pines .
that was the first question alanki asked when she prowled into the pine grove from which the answering howl had come .
the silver wolf was standing beneath the low , snow - laden branches of a pine , surveying the battle scene with cold eyes .
the two grappled with each other , rolling out from beneath the pine tree and out into the thick of the battle in a cyclone of fur and snapping fangs .
the moonthe bloodfire moonhung suspended above the tops of the black pines like a paled crimson disc .
taffy back steps from the rose garden twirling her body to the left around the thorns then dumps her boots into an open clearing as she jerks and jukes around the sky high southern pine trees , scouting for her team then eye burns the waving flag pole known as rusk , and dashes into his open biceps .
the zipper and i quickly plummet like a hard rock into commerces atmosphere while i t - zap several times with telekinesis guiding us ( me and zipper ) safely down into a patch of dirty water puddles into a really rough landing between a batch of tall thin woodland pine trees .
i swing the single lens at the nest of blue birds resting in the high tree tops of the pine tree .
and , rann smells like a batch of spicy pine trees and a touch of citrus orangey tangy stuff as i close my eyelashes reliving ranns touch and his smell .
jack - hole # 1 and jack - hole # 2 occupy on the opposite side of the room at both end arm rests of the chocolate brown clothed sofa as tilly ties like a christmas bow of beige ropes upon her hard wooden chair in the dark corner as jake rotates his stiff neck muscles around the old and stained white plastered squared four walls inside the tiny shack , smelling the familiar odors of cooked bacon grease and piney fragrance of the shaggy southern alabama pine trees near the college campus then finally notes that priscella is missing from the tight space then worries with flipping invisible butterflies inside his guts .
these green areas are thick woodlands of maple , pine , and oaks trees while the brown scattered semi - squared patches are farmlands and blue is water.lots and lots of water .
sprawled out in front of us was a massive , adobe home with thick smooth - trunked aspen groves surrounding it and lodge - pole pines intermixed .
there , under a tree were our horses tied neatly to an old bristlecone pine .
we tied our horses to the decaying trunk of an old pinion pine and scouted around the area but could see no tracks or signs of anyone .
there were no signs of any wild game to be seen , and the valley seemed eerily quiet other than the harsh wind whistling through the pines scattered throughout the rocky cliffs .
i walked to the window and saw charles and mr . mac cutting up a huge pine tree that had fallen across the driveway .
i could see boot prints and what appeared to be scuff marks leading into a thick pine grove .
i searched the pine grove grass until i came upon a small stream .
suddenly , our eyes focused on the small opening in the pines ahead .
the broom and its two riders swept over the forest trees , their feet touching peaks of the pines .
i could only imagine the foliage of palms and oleander , vastly different from the pines and oak trees i had been catching glimpses of in my travels ; and now cactus in texas .
they could smell the nearby pine trees ; they could detect traces of moisture coming from the large freshwater lake sitting off in the distance as well as pick up the fragrant scent of numerous wildflowers all scattered about .
she did give charleston one thing , the smell of marsh and pine was a heck of a lot better than that of car exhaust and garbage .
kira used to love coming home to her dorm where her roommate sarah and her would decorate a blue spruce pine tree .
still , the shade of the pines blocks out any warmth from the sun .
he still smelled amazing , like fresh air and pines .
would it be painful if i rammed my car into the tall pine at the curve of the road ?
stately pines make the perfect backdrop to the mountain lake scene .
rising high over the peaks , they had a view of deep valleys full of pines , cottonwoods , and sequoias clutching the ridges .
a smattering of spruce , larch and pine struggled up the mountain from the pebble beach to the tree line .
straggly pines struggled to survive at the foot of the cliff .
the grounds looked like a ghost town with the wind blowing through the white pines making them hum as if they were alive .
scots pine , birch and oak trees sprouted to the sky .
he opened his mouth to do so , when an enormous wolf shot out of the pines , followed by two others .
they left the path and made their way into the cool shade of the pine trees .
kaelah ducked out the door and disappeared into the nearby pine trees .
they entered the cool , filtered light of the pine trees .
he ran and ran into the pines until he collapsed , too exhausted to run anymore .
after awhile , kaelah followed the others out , but instead of going to the tribal lodge , she hid in the darkness of the nearby pine trees .
it took some many days , but between building a small hut , picking berries , and snaring rabbits , she found her grandmother : a lone pine , as tall as herself .
kaelah pointed a few lengths ahead , where a young pine stood alone .
i dropped the brush and walked slowly towards the bushes and pines .
here the ground was sandy , straggling pines growing down to the water , their roots bracing the sandy soil .
several yards away , two pines had collapsed together .
rena stood up and walked over to the group of pines .
from away under the pines came a loud grunt and crash , as if someone had walked into a tree .
it 's complete with a setting sun , small pine trees and a glistening lake .
we turned and began to walk back toward the field , when out of the brush , stepped an elderly woman , thin as the pines around us , trudging wearily , wearing a dingy , mud - stained pair of jeans and a possibly once - blue sweatshirt with large lettering on the front .
taylor is shocked to learn that big bear lake is n't just glittering lakes , towering pines , and breathtaking mountains ... there 's more ... way more than meets the eye .
with his back leaned against a large red pine and his axe resting loosely in his large hands , hal let his gaze and his senses expand out into the fast fading night .
the trees of hollows point are ancient pines , towering over me and completely blocking out the sky .
god bless you , miss pine .
drive on , broadley ; miss pines safety is our main concern today .
sorry , miss pine , he said , indicating that she should get back into the car as he moved towards the drivers door .
god help him , miss pine !
your uncles men , the captain chuckled wryly , giving a backward nod of his head to draw her attention to the truck following on behind , are all half trained like those men back there , miss pine .
well the turks , miss pine , they ve run and known what this countrys like for more or less a millennium ; and even for a normal nebi musa procession , they d flood the streets with thousands of soldiers .
( lillianne could nt remember at what point on the long journey she had taken to calling him harry but , as he had nt objected , as he had in fact seemed to become more at ease with her , she had insisted miss pine being too formal , lillianne far too tiresome that he should either call her lilly or , better still , like all her closest friends , lil . )
miss pine !
your chaperone , miss pine ?
miss debussy is my name ; and i have been left in charge of the household and of your wellbeing too , miss pine until your uncles return .
then it may well be for the best that she did not come my point exactly , maam ; we thought it best for everyone that she remained where she was as would have indeed been the best course for you to take as well , miss pine !
these are not good times to be visiting jerusalem , miss pine , and had we had more notice of your intention to visit rather than a seriously delayed letter and an ambiguously worded telegram miss debussys eyes widened in fury as she was interrupted again , this time by the poorly suppressed giggling of the maids .
there s been a coup in syria , miss pine ; with faisal installed as king captain , i m sure miss pine has no interest whatsoever in the politics of this region !
there s been a coup in syria , miss pine ; with faisal installed as king captain , i m sure miss pine has no interest whatsoever in the politics of this region !
however , having said that , its just one more thing that makes the timing of your arrival even more unfortunate , miss pine .
then can i hold you responsible for miss pines safety , captain ?
miss pine can be very insistent , maam .
of course , to ensure that all things take place within the bounds of propriety , i shall naturally choose someone suitable from amongst the girls making up my staff to accompany you as chaperone until the arrival of your friend , miss pine .
she nodded , understanding his concern that maam would be furious if she discovered that they had lost miss pine .
thank you , azar , for helping lil miss pine but now we must harry , lil said , lightly placing a hand on his chest , looking up at him excitedly , imploringly , azar has said he has a house nearby ; a house that s thousands of years old !
you have to ensure lils miss pines safety , yes ?
pine ; the names pine , lil insisted irritably .
they d go on a complete , murderous rampage , with no one to sto miss pine !
two of the places on the map were labeled silver city and lone pine .
small pine trees that grew no more than waist high created a maze that had to be navigated on the way to the summit .
he felt like a giant treading among the small pines along the gradual slope of the mountain .
returning to hidden pines is the last thing allie collins wants to do during her final summer before college .
birds twittered in nearby pine trees .
it was known for its giant pine trees and the hostile phantoms that lurked within .
inhaling a deep breath , the aroma of battle stung my nose first , but i also smelled fresh grass , pine , and salt .
the mixture of the scent of the green grasses , the pine , and sea was unlike any fragrance she had taken in .
brushy pines cemetery .
i look up , squint , then read : brushy pines cemetery .
brushy pines .
brushy pines , yes .
the diameter of the massive pine was about fifty feet .
the earthy aroma of the native pine filled the cozy store .
he stared out the windows into the rustling pines outside .
along the sides of the fairway were pines and shrubs and grassy knolls .
up ahead , a row of pines and a grassy valley stretched in the distance .
the row of pines was thin and not high , and on the other side was a yellow patch of hay .
kiethara made contact with the highest branch of a tall pine , continuing on to the forest floor .
the rest of the drawer was full of basketball photos and my favorite vacation memories , most of them from our time at hidden pines .
the thought of hidden pines put a damper on my already apprehensive mood .
these inquiries had little to do with our relationship and more to do with what happened at hidden pines last summer , and how i was handling it .
every other year , dads side of the family met up at our cabin in hidden pines , located in the heart of the sierra nevadas in california .
that was another reason i loved hidden pines .
so it was no wonder that on our last day at hidden pines , maddie and i found ourselves climbing one more time to take in the beautiful view and capture the fresh scent of nature drifting through the air .
despite our tragedy , hidden pines continued to move and fill the air with carefree laughter , oblivious to the screeching halt in my lifealmost oblivious , that is .
the motor was already running , as though they were anxious to escape hidden pines .
he wanted me to spend at least a month with him back at hidden pines .
there was someonesomeone out there , i said , but except for the rain playing its unique melody against the pine leaves , the forest was quiet .
at the top , i slid off his back and picked up my bike helmet , which i d tucked under a lone stunted pine tree .
my feet touched bare rock , and i veered to the left , making for the lone stunted pine tree above the cave .
with the power of the spear she looked into the darkness , seeing everything with supernatural clarityevery green leaf , every twig , every dry brown pine needle on the ground .
neither said a word as they broke through the remaining grass fringe that encircled the stand of pine , willow and water oaks .
he shook his head , stared into the tree , said , i doan think so ... fifteen minutes later , just before the streetlights were due , a peculiar rustling whispered down from the upper reaches of the closest pine .
oh , it was a horrible time for the birches , the oaks , all the maples and pines , the huge pecans and delicate chinaberries !
all three - hundred and sixty - five of them , ranging in size from no larger than a twig to the size of small pines lined up side by side in a forest grove .
there were horrible smells issuing among the pines .
and it dove out of the pine , making for the thicker woods on the far side of the highway without another word .
the tree house , approached from the direction of the buffalo wallow trail , looked to be no more than a scattering of lumber stuffed into the upper reaches of the blasted pine .
they were so involved that they did n't even notice the crow until the sound of its ponderous weight settled suddenly into the middle branches of the closest pine tree .
a tiny breeze tickled through the spine of the broken pine .
the crow sat at the top of the pine .
the bird cackled and glided down from the pine to land in a cloud of dust at their feet .
he grabbed her and yanked her back so that they were both hidden behind a pine tree , just as sage turned in their direction , she s not someone that you can easily sneak up on .
five miles on pine , he said .
after dialing she said , tell the expendable one to come to the warehouse on pine with a truck .
where is it ? ... on pine ? ... be there soon .
duey mccaliker purchasing for a facility on pine .
an hour or so later they reached the pines at the foot of dragontail watchtower .
as he stood at the end of the driveway the sun filtered through the oaks and pines and illuminated every leaf that was still left .
there was no clean , fresh breeze carrying with it the scent of pine and salt to wash it away .
that feels like a dream i had once , of walking over the land , seeing places with green hills and towering pines .
the skies of the overcast day silvered the venetian waters into a long dark mirror reflecting the chains of shuffling umbrellas , balancing the jostling walkers as they crossed the pine planks that began to fight the disturbance as it undulated almost causing those crossing to tumble , stirring the crowd into outbursts of cheering ; infectious laughter echoing to the tower of st . marco square .
they look at the trees , smell the pine , listen to the birds sing , and smile .
we were surrounded by mountains and every time the wind blew you d get a whiff of pine .
sami has seen pictures of them , standing very stiff and proud in a scrubby pine forest .
the shark teeththe pine treethe ostrich when she deposited the lightening boltseveninto its space , once again the green button appeared .
i believe the last time we adventured was our quest in the pine ridge .
a narrow pathway ran between the pine trees , passing the occasional farmhouse .
dagdron sat on the ground , leaning his back against one of the pine trees .
the exterior of the building was constructed of dark brown square stones that matched the color of the trunks of the surrounding pine trees .
viktor rested his back against a sappy pine tree and peered out from around the trunk .
often romulus quizzed viktor until he learned to identify different plants and their uses , from norway spruce to scots pine to the shiny white trunk and brilliant green leaves of the silver birch .
the snow was icy and hard underfoot as the blood brothers crept past caragana and pine trees adorned with climbing holly .
the orange split exploded on a pine tree , flooding the air with needles and an auburn glow .
in front of him , daniel saw a chubby tree with long , brown pine needles .
shaluhk amahrach , he whispered into the pines .
the pines spread , the bark rolled away , and the two of them stepped inside .
they were traveling through a forest with huge snowcapped pines in every direction .
the mountain was even more spectacular from the air , with its frozen waterfalls and statuesque , barren pines .
juniper trees , pion pines , and scrub oak took the place of cactus and sage .
when the meat was brown , she picked up a stick of pine , speared a piece , and then expertly rolled it around the skewer before handing it to him .
he breathed in the smells of pine , earth , and water .
my first is in grape but not in pear my second is in pine but not in oat my third is in under but not in tree my fourth is in home but not in crib my fifth is in angel but not in vein my sixth is in eel but not in fire he read it carefully once .
we reached a damp , narrow trail that led through the tall pine trees to the wider , more used trail that connected to a different road .
by the time i was finished brushing my teeth and picking stray pine needles out of my hair that i had nt noticed until now , lucy was curled up into a ball on my bed , fast asleep .
the tall pine trees cast ominous shadows across the dirt road leading to the abandoned rangers station .
the sloping landscapes of corn , wheat and pine trees were beautiful but also filled mary elizabeth with a strong sense of unease .
wrapped in the comforting heat of the bubbling jet water while observing the snow covered pine forests below , the old man was finally able to take a well deserved break from the rush of political life as he let the frustrations and hardships melt away .
the woods come in white birch , black walnut , orange beech , dark red cheery wood , yellow chestnut , light brown elm , tan hickory , brazil kingwood rich violet black streaky markings , honey colored pine or orange - reddish teak wood .
they were on the outskirts of the village and could see a thick pine forest up ahead .
instead of garbage and sweat , his fresh scent , a mixture of pine and sandalwood , tickled my nose .
i do nt know how long he held me before i calmed down and started noticing little things like his clean pine scent or the gentle way he rubbed my back and murmured into my hair .
tears streamed down her face , as she sat in the grass against a tall pine tree in a dense wooded area .
as she came to the tall pine tree the tree where she and eli had first met their tree , she stopped and sat down for a minute .
danika set out on foot to their special spot the tall pine tree in the woods where they 'd first met .
snow covered corn fields , and patches of dense pine trees blurred in the peripheral as i raced the jeep through the postcard countryside .
but when my back hit the rough bark of a tall pine tree that lined the field i knew i was in a bad place .
jan , kelly and cindy talk about their ski trip to white pines resort .
she decided to take her sheet music and try to arrange for access to a piano while she was at white pines resort .
they collected their luggage and loaded it into the hotel van that was waiting to take them to white pines resort .
they all craned their necks to see the four - story stone and timber lodge nestled among tall , snow - covered pines .
` ` welcome to white pines resort ! ''
their room overlooked the mountain side where they could watch the skiers zig - zagging their way down trails bordered by snowy pines .
we ' ve had a report about someone who tried to attack a young lady at the white pines lodge . ''
that one game riding the pine hurt a lot .
the interior barn is an array of two by four staves of various colored wood from beige to tan to light brown from a variety of local tree barks of oak , pine , maple and elm depending upon the wood available as the barn grew wide enough to house two full sized plow tractors or eight horse stalls or three / fourths of a football field that accommodates our 150 field hands including their spouses and children for my annual birthday gala .
i shift back the binoculars to the right spotting a pair of flying squirrels between the pine trees having hang - gliding fun in the slight breeze .
i quickly drop the binoculars from my eyeballs , staring at the actworth patio , seeing them as small ants against the tall pine trees .
i slowly crawl out like a ladybug that surprising deep ditch and up the slope like a snake upon a smooth level patch of dead pine needles and yellow maple leaves then quickly gun it straight between the columns of tall and short trees consisting of shaggy pines , tall oaks , and short maples but the poor maples do nt get much sunlight crouched between the big story cover oak canopies .
the trees set the proper property line boundary between my farm and becks farm as i roll up the slight hillside of brown pine needles and dead yellow leaves feeling the motion in my stomach quiver with seasickness then hit a plateau leveling my stomach and the atv of tall trees on my right and a deep valley of vertical rows of cotton on my left growing with a series of tall and green stalks which will bloom with a set of big white bushy tails of cotton like a bunny rabbit next week as i giggle with a girly twang .
i think too much , tromping far on a right boot then a left boot over the wet pine needles then hit the pavement carefully walking along the loose gravel away from incoming cars .
tall , leafy whitewoods , and broad thick sentinel pines line the way before us .
i finally emerge from the pack like a lost explorer in a dense forest of sentinel pines .
after following the stream at the bottom for over a day , the rocky , sentinel pine covered faces of the canyon slowly gave way to scrub and stunted bushes .
sara and i were sitting under the cool shadow of a secular italian pine , enjoying the view .
i threw my head backward to contemplate the blue sky and the heavens above , lost in my reverie while slices of light filtering through the pine branches were playing tricks on my peripheral vision .
under the shade of the italian pine tree , with sara , the dark - eyed guy , and the tyrrhenian sea as witnesses , i lay on the ground in a peaceful and dreamless slumber while my body gave my mind time to recover from the shock .
kurma smelled pine trees as she crossed into the park .
bluek dynasty the high pine trees blocked out the sun long enough in dover park square .
in addition , four years previously , william had temporarily become guardian of the three siblings after their parents had mysteriously disappeared during a hunting trip into white pines national park .
they continued on , after a couple more miles , passing by the entrance to white pines national park , which included fort ridgley , a fort that had been mainly used as a commerce port during the late 1800s and early 1900s .
they were walking down hill , hurrying to get back to their campsite as the sun had set and the moon was rising up over the tall pines and maple trees .
your father and i were exploring a cave , one accessed only at the foot of a very old tree , at the base of white pines mountain .
sadly , i have only been able to put together little bits and pieces i know that after i shot and killed that man , we set out that very night for the old tree in white pines , determined to find out if we had at last found the isles power source .
she grinned coolly , wondering how the howard witches would react to the not so subtle message shed left them in white pines national park last night .
truth is , she continued , i just came back into town from a crime scene , out in white pines national park .
i was thinking , since were heading into white pines anyway , maybe we should take a side trip to the old tree .
he d had the thought himself , but could nt decide if it was appropriate considering the circumstances for their visit into white pines .
he was also using his enhanced hearing and sight to track any unusual sounds or movement as they wound their way through narrow roads of white pines national park .
question right now is , do we continue into white pines and the old tree , or just leave and get home ?
this comforted his nerves only in the aspect that it did nt appear any magic had been performed in the area recently , therefore , most likely it was coincidence that the alpha had been in white pines .
pine from the trees .
in the middle of white pines , precariously close to a crime scene , and the old tree .
yes and no , she answered , thinking back to her trip to white pines .
sometimes we d just sit and listen to the wind humming through the dune grass and whistling in the primeval pines .
the aspens , birch and pines were lush from a couple days of rain .
the wind rushing by the truck was filled with the scent of lake water , warm pine trees and occasional road kill .
they have him up at bay pines .
the girls settled in for the long drive into maine and its beautiful , green pine forests .
large granite rock canyons hugged the road on each side , topped with clusters of green pine trees .
kaceys group of kids was waiting for her under the pines at the camping cookout area .
the burning kindling flew up in all directions , and landed on the dry leaves and pine needles , catching fire .
a gust of wind blew across his face stinging his skin with cold crystals , bringing with it the crisp clean sent of pine from some unseen grove .
a lone pine grew from the rock , its gnarled roots fracturing the stone .
under the trees the thick pine bows sheltered the ground and dry wood was easy to find .
the last rays of the sun silhouetted the mountaintop highlighting a lone pine , its top blackened by an old lightning strike .
the pine .
he found a large pine tree that blocked the wind .
i passed beneath towering trees , inhaling the clean scent of pine and air freshly washed with rain .
the air was clear , full of the earthy smell of the swaying pines .
this time her spirit forced a sharp sound , and a looming pine cracked nearby , leaving a huge branch directly over the trail .
he was standing by one of the large pine treestheyd decoratedthat lit - up the snow covered yard .
the fresh smell of pine coming off the tree filled her nose in the thin , cold air .
he missed the jagged mountains and snow - dusted pines .
he buried his nose in his sisters hair , tears springing to his eyes as he inhaled the familiar scent of pine and clean outside air .
the white snow stretched on for miles in front of them , giving way to jagged purple mountains with white snowcaps and towering green pine trees .
its warm and soft and smells vaguely like the winter pine of my homeland .
the tall pines stretched to the sky , dropping needles in our hair one minute , then we were out in a field moving through low grass and wild flowers .
the central point was a neat circle of radiata pines .
the tracks followed a line of trees , pines and spruces , green and towering .
luckily , the radiata pines that surrounded our chosen meeting place were tall , strong , sturdy trees with plenty of straight , easy - to - climb branches .
he pointed across the circle to the other big pine .
the grey , rocky mountains contrasted with the pines .
i was reading about the pines .
on the other side , we were looking up at the mountainside , straggly pines clinging to the loose , grey dirt .
juvenile pines , only my height , stretched as far as the eye could see .
large , dry branches had fallen from the straggly pines above and there was more than enough .
it was stupidly idyllic , with a creek running through the valley and plenty of well - shaped adolescent pines that would make perfect logs for a cabin .
nothing , shane replied and looked out at the rolling hills covered in brown fescue , pastures separated by stands of twisted pine trees and rusting barbwire .
even carrying me , the buck moved like a graceful shadow , eating up miles through the woods until he dropped me on the outskirts of a small town named pine tree .
the top was hidden by thick pine trees .
when joyah got past the thick pine trees she nearly gasped .
gone were the tall pines .
when he turned the key , his freightliners diesel roared to life , the deep , soothing sound echoing off the dark pine forest lining the freeway .
somethings going on beyond those trees , aaron said , pointing at a thick grove of pines growing alongside the runway .
harriss imagination evolved under the swaying pines surrounding his familys log home .
they would wait at the fork in the path , where one way led upwards to the deeper woods of firs and pines , mixed with aspens that thinned out again on the high hills .
the magic actually smelled tart , like sap from an old pine tree .
they look after our trees nowsinging oak , pine and such .
it continued to bang and bounce against granite boulders until a pine tree stopped it .
in the forest clearing , the tall pines cast deep shadows across the purple carpet of dense heather .
the crack of lightening overhead drowned her voice and a loud crash sent glass showering them from above , stanton had instinctively shielded kates body against the bookcase as a large pine thrust at the window above them .
chapter 8 high in the secret meadow hidden by the forest of pines which surrounded it , a pair of eyes peered out from under the huge slab of rock near the edge .
alice sprinted up the hill , keeping to the shadows once again , coming to a stop between the great pines facing the front of the house , he waited in the shadows .
he motioned for her to come away from the door and towards the protruding pine which had invaded the room earlier .
just ahead , a clearing where the great lake rested and where the snow had not reached , finally her legs buckled and she fell in a heap beneath a large pine , her breathing harsh , her lungs stinging with exhaustion as she lay there crumpled on the ground , her face thrust forward in the mud as the breaths slowly found a rhythm .
chapter 15 i really should do more sport i think as i ' m panting my way up to the opening through the great pines up ahead .
i stop at the entrance and lean against a tall pine , trying to get my bearings , i peer into the darkness of the canopy .
the leaf laden towering oaks and soaring pines had seen to that .
the intoxicating mixture of lilacs and pine had been replaced with an odd stench of sulfur .
he pushed back several pine limbs .
before long , i d reached the tree line and heard the roar of several cars whizzing by as i emerged from the tall pines .
his normally stubble - speckled face was clean - shaven , and i even caught a woodsy scent of fresh pine trees .
after i d camouflaged myself behind one of the larger pines , i peered out from behind it and began to survey the woods .
i clambered up the side of the pine tree , growling and wincing the entire way .
its force was so powerful that even the massive pine i was hiding in started to sway .
lazarus placed his hands on the trunk of the pine tree .
with that said , lazarus brandished the diamond wand like an ax and in one swoop , sliced clear through the base of the pine .
he could make out jagged cliff faces , the tops of pointed pines , flat grassy hilltops , even the smallest bit of gold ore shimmering against the sun .
perhaps it was the subtle jealously that i felt as i watched her pine over the virtual projection of a guy she had never met before .
baylet spread a thin length of bear skin under a half - dead pine tree , covering the layer of dead needles that blanketed the ground .
the pine trees thinned out here , and the ground was hard and rocky .
here above the pines of owls fortress , the wide sky was open and crowded with stars .
she watched her erstwhile messenger climb high over the surrounding pines before losing sight of him for good .
tasha climbed out of the shallow brook in time to watch the sisters bound through the pines like cats , moving through the knotted obstacle course with agility she did nt think possible .
shabby - looking pine trees and bushes zoom by in a flash .
the ground was covered with glossy brown pine cones from the apache pine trees , and pine needles from the ponderosa pines .
the ground was covered with glossy brown pine cones from the apache pine trees , and pine needles from the ponderosa pines .
he felt pine cones crunch under his feet and smelled the pine , and sap , and dew .
under the ponderosa pines in the forest the leaves were wet , and snow clung to the branches making the trees look like standing faceless angels .
rey thought of the ponderosa pines all around them , each with a new annual ring , each tree different than the others , like human spirits , soaring with hope a miniature revolution inside each and every one .
the scent of the pine trees calmed me as i cuddled up in a fleece blanket in the brisk cold weather .
and so , with chewy strapped to his mothers back , they trekked up the broadside of a steep incline , having little more than a thin dirt path to follow before they caught sight of the tiny shack , smoke billowing out of a weak , brick chimney , amongst a corral of pines .
jake remembered the smell of the tall pines and the crispness of the air , and going fishing with his dad .
he rose suddenly from the bench and walked to a large pine .
he had created a lake of deep greenish - blue , streaks of sunlight sparkling on the surface , held close between a ledge of stones and a line of tall pines .
a small cabin hugged the side of a gentle slope , edged by more pines and scattered clumps of brush on one side , and a clear stream on the other .
he , sean , and caroline were standing together by the big pine tree .
the next page was an intricate pencil drawing of a forest pool surrounded by ferns and towering pines .
tall pines encircled the tiny glade , feathery ferns and pockets of flowers dotted the grass and led up to the waters edge , the pool itself a clear , unbroken surface except for the still figure standing in a shaft of greenish light .
they headed back to the cabin in silence , and alex was barely aware of the wildlife around her : the redwoods and cedars shaking off their pines whenever a squirrel jumped from one branch to the next , or a bird descended to drop off another essential for its nest .
all that could be seen were the dark and elongated contours of the pine trees surrounding them and , in the distance , the silhouette of a building in ruins , probably an old church .
luna followed her , enjoying the smell of the damp earth , the pines of the pine trees , the fresh air ... she liked the feeling of walking on that soft and bumpy forest floor , so different from the hard and smooth sidewalks in madrid .
luna followed her , enjoying the smell of the damp earth , the pines of the pine trees , the fresh air ... she liked the feeling of walking on that soft and bumpy forest floor , so different from the hard and smooth sidewalks in madrid .
they re at 217 pine forest road .
here , i assumed we 'd start to see the tall pines that sat thick on the ground of both slopes of the mountains we planned to cross .
outside of johnson city , we soon found ourselves amongst the high pines .
by ten , our profits nestled snugly away out of sight , we had the turbine of the cordwainer belching steam and the nose pointed up towards the steep climb , and the tall pines above us .
we were again safely nestled amongst the tall pines and steep hillsides of the mountains , and we let ourselves relax our guard .
towards the 10th green , an obese man in a bright yellow shirt was chipping onto the green , just inside the shade of some adjacent pine trees and with a slightly larger playing group than normal .
they led me under the pines ; one pulled back his jacket to reveal a silenced pistol in a shoulder holster .
pushed them into a pile just on the other side of those pines you planted along our north property line .
if they singe so much as a needle of my pine trees .
often , you could hear the surf crashing from my remote campsite , but today only the lightest breeze wheezed through the tall pines , and the ocean was at peace .
the sea might be at rest and the breeze weak , but salt air reached my nose while i was still well back in the pines .
they had rolled back toward the pines .
the boardwalk started as soon as the pines stopped .
after probably ten minutes of nothing but background white noise , no changes in the ambient light , and only a slight slippage of the moon through the pines , i concluded my awakeness must be a random firing in my brain , a synapse spasm , a nerve cramp , or something equivalent .
emerging from the pines , however , i noticed a person sitting on the dune - top boardwalk rail where i had taken in the evening scene yesterday .
the salt meadows that opened out in front of me as i left the pine trees were also a kind of land / water transition .
just as i reached the trail again , the person emerged from the pine trees , head down , following her weak flashlight .
so once out of the pines , i turned it off .
after five or ten minutes trying to feel as rugged and strong as the environment , i turned to look back to see tall pines whipping around and streams of sand blowing landward off the dunes .
once in the pines , i looked back .
even in the campground under the pines , a mixture of sleet and snow was coming down fast , blown by a fierce wind .
in the damp chill , anthea surveyed the greenery and took in the wondrous scent of lavender and pines .
surrounded by a forest of oaks , dark green pines covered the jagged peak up to its snowy summit .
the rain picked up and the winds howled among the brush and the scraggly pines .
the boughs of a large pine impeded the momentum of his fall , and he had managed to grasp a branch , changing his trajectory into a violent arch that allowed him to swing out and drop to the ground without serious injury .
it really was nice , made of solid logs , with a green tile roof , and surrounded by old pines .
neither gregory nor klava had any idea what was going on in their peaceful logged cottage only the pines around the house knew the secret , but they kept silent .
the day was pleasantly warm , with light fluffy clouds drifting lazily over the dark green , fragrant pines .
luckily , his destination was not too far , and soon vadim was following the narrow lane flanked by the old pines , overlooking the grey unfriendly sea .
it stood at the far end of komarovo with the high pines hiding it from the nearest neighbour .
the preacher , ecclesiastes what s that pink clump by the pine tree ?
she notes a yellow glow of water from a small swimming hole where the river snakes along , mindless , seeming to have lost its way , diminishing in grandness , futile and wasted , to finally pool in obscurity -- rarely viewedvisible beyond the patch of sugar maples and pines .
they stopped at lone pine and its pine tree , and beside it , a memorial and the scrubby landscape folded across hillsides and slopes , falling towards the dardanelles and sea of marmara ; this landscape now silent .
judas headed straight into the trees , where he could no longer be seen , but fortunately he followed a dirt trail cutting through the clusters of oak and hickory , sassafras and dogwood and soft pine .
two the timber bay cabins and lodge occupies a quiet cove on lake superior , buffered on three sides by a forest of spruces and pines that stretches past the freeway in the west and grows thicker out toward the northern iron range , beyond the horizon and farther into canada and north dakota .
pine trees and tex - mex food and front lawns and churches everywhere even though her family did nt belong to one .
the moonlight turned the tall pine trees a deep , dark green against the sky and made the snow - topped mountain peaks glisten behind them .
teddie wished that she could feel the cold crispness of the air , blow smoke out of her mouth and smell the pines .
chapter 2 pine mountain observatory , near bend , oregon ( july ) thunderstorms started building in the afternoon over pine mountain observatory .
they walked the food up to a large overhanging pine tree to eat in the shade .
the car crashed into the underbrush and struck a pine tree .
53 turning in by the hotel sign , i was now on a private tarmac road that led between tall pines and over humps in the road that were spotlit by small round lamps at either side and painted with diagonal yellow lines .
this went on for fifty yards until the pine trees fell away and the glare of the unicorn hotel itself came into view .
shamus and george started pacing off along the shore line and millie and butch walked about a hundred feet back inside the pine trees looking for a level site .
they did nt say anything but walked around in an area about two hundred by two hundred looking between the pines .
flinging it beneath a large drooping pine tree , he tossed the bag in the backseat next to janet and hopped into the jeep , putting it into gear .
below , the stark brown of winter fields contrasted with the green of the pine forests .
the narrow road winds its way through thin , scrawny scrub pine , continuing past the baseball field to the compound gate .
a hundred yards into the scrub pine thicket i heard a bolt slide back and forth on a rifle .
completely isolated from the rest of the harbor , it is surrounded by casuarina pines , palm trees , and palmetto bushes .
on the sloping hills of abaco dark pyramids of casuarina pines stood immovably straight in defiance of the seasonal hurricanes , their needles trembling in the sun and wind .
except for a rare grove of green scrub pine , there is nt any color to see back there .
red cedar and white pine trees reach up into the blue sky .
tall bristlecone pine trees shade most of our yard and neewas play area .
on the other side of the stream has hundreds of meters of low - lying lime colored fertile farming pasture , surrounded by olive scrub pine and golden aspen trees shimmering in the dry breeze .
chester displays a rare bit of enthusiasm , there is plenty of pinyon pine trees in the mountains surrounding the marshes .
the weathers good and its time to harvest the pine nuts .
chapter 36 - pine nuts so chester , where do you think we can start gathering the pine nuts ?
chapter 36 - pine nuts so chester , where do you think we can start gathering the pine nuts ?
piling into the van we drive a couple miles and stop near a hill dotted with dark green pine trees .
according to chester the growing and harvesting of pine nuts is supposed to work like this .
each pinyon pine tree grows hundreds of pine cones with seeds in them called pine nuts .
each pinyon pine tree grows hundreds of pine cones with seeds in them called pine nuts .
jackie and i reach the first pine trees and run under them glowing with excitement and the anticipation of discovery .
but there are no pine nuts .
no , no pine nuts , there are pine cones but no nuts in them .
lucky thing these are scrub pine trees .
no pine nuts , i frown throwing the remnants of the cones onto the ground .
its clear to jackie and i , there are no pine nuts here .
there are no juniper or pinyon pine trees blocking my inspection .
we found empty pine cones and plenty of bugs in pine cones , but no pine nuts .
lance asked , pointing to a large pine at the side of the road .
smooth tabled lawn meandered gently down to a strip of mangroves and scrub pines .
in gaps between the mangroves and pines , koenitz caught brief pink flashes of flamingos strutting in cagills man - made lagoon .
i race through a forest of smoke , ignoring the sting of blackberry brambles and pine branches on sensitive cheeks and bare arms .
we were on a dark path , thick with sharp - needled pines and scrub brush , when diggs slowed his pace .
i chalked it up to the physical exertion and the thick stand of pine and birch shielding us from the wind .
the buzz of bees at her ankles , the sweetness of pine and sea salt on the wind , the call of island birds basking in the warmth of their summer home .
seated on a boulder in a thicket of pine and spruce , she hears the crack of a dead tree limb underfoot .
kat and i stood there for a split second before she grabbed my arm and we ducked into a grove of spruce and pine .
it lay on the pine trees and fields like a great white , fluffy blanket .
to one side the woodlot came right to the edge of the path , the pines seemingly planted quite close together , the bright , winter sunlight barely reaching through to the thick ferns below .
a diminutive figure appeared out of the pine trees close by .
the scenery was very peaceful , and the combination of pine , weeping willow , and a variety of flowers created an unusually lovely and fresh aroma .
steve turned left and through massive clumps of spiky grass growing in from both sides in front of black pines a few meters back .
* accompanied by the two dogs , janice walked back along the dark road with only the silhouetted pine trees to guide her .
soft pine needles accompanied by the unique smell of pine trees made the brief journey almost pleasant as lavina , with her hand in steve 's , edged forward through a gap between two trees and continued further until they found a small embankment to crouch behind .
even here : amid the shabby money - transfer joints , bookmakers and caribbean grocery stores there were odd organic cafs and bijou restaurants , newly sprung like pines on a war - wasted hillside .
she s admitted to forest pine hospital .
forest pine , right ?
amber offered to drive to forest pine hospital .
there were probably a dozen trees in all of oroville , none of which were pines .
the whole exercise was very tedious and made jessie pine for a bong hit .
when we arrived at the window tommy pointed down at my bed frame , firmly lodged in the branches of a big pine tree , about the level of the fourth floor .
he listened to the wind in the pines and thought about other wilderness trips where susan had difficulty keeping his frenetic pace .
this is much better , he said , a breeze whistling through the tall pine , you do nt have to worry about keeping up .
lunch had helped , and the smell of pine and the cool breeze made him feel alive as it always had .
the wind blew fiercely , flapping the nylon tent and bending the thick pine forest around them , then came waves of rain spattering their camp .
lying flat , his face against the rain soaked pine needles , he fought for breath .
he focused on the opposite shore , listening to the rapids blend into the swishing of tall pines in the wind .
shadows crept across the front porch , the sun a red ball pierced by the tall pines , the air cooling rapidly .
hiking furiously , curving up a trail through tall pine and meadows strewn with boulders , clouds floating near the treetops .
the early snows had barely pierced the forests canopy , and the rust - colored pine needles beneath our feet provided a dry but dubious footing .
a hunting cabin squatted just on the other side of the summit , burrowed beneath the crown of pine and all but invisible except from where we stood .
the complex was positioned near the summit of a peak and was surrounded by thick oak and pine forests .
he turned the corner , and saw the modest brick faade of the hotel flammarion , gilded revolving doors flanked by tall green norwegian pines .
we passed the whispering pines and the grand oak rooms before we came to the evergreen room .
from there , i picked up speed as i followed the gravel path through the pines and up the hill .
i followed the treeless ridge along the hill , sun in my eyes , and crossed the drainage ditch that cut through the trail at the pines .
sovant was concealed in a cluster of pines and dwarf birches - though this was hardly any great consolation to him at the time !
as the trees yielded before another open meadow , where the moon and the stars were no longer eclipsed by even the tallest of the white pines , sovant looked up to see the battlements of a castle silhouetted against the sky .
this path through the pines and spruce was a familiar haunt to haakon and sergio , but pamela and maria almost never went this way .
the path descended the mountain on a course through birch and spruce , pines and firs , blackberries and choke cherries .
al loved the sweetness of the pines in this exquisite forest .
he swam to shore , got out of his wet clothes and into dry garments , and in 30 minutes they had all concealed themselves amid the dwarf pines and the scrub birch which ran down to the beach all along that shoreline .
the gale blowing off superior was swaying the tops of the pines far above his head , reminding him now of sea - breezes washing over nova scotia and over a beach on the gulf of mexico - that was a place where he had once memorably reclined in sunshine , just as he was doing now .
the fragrance of the fir cones and the junipers , of the pines and the ferns had sergio wondering if he would ever see his beloved cottage again .
and just where was the nearest policeman , right now , wondered sergio , as he walked beneath the pines trees , scanning to his right and to his left , looking for lawmen .
pamela , al and amanda were concealed amid the pines and birch trees on a headland that jutted out into lake superior .
she watched in horror as he hid himself beneath some pines .
they were all lounging in the shade of some pines when lunch was served .
and then it 's a coniferous paradise with miles upon miles of firs and pines and spruce stretching off into eternity .
these can be hidden beneath a forest of towering pines , with only a short walk to a spring for fresh water , and with only a short walk to the pacific . '
sovant saw himself walking under pines and junipers , firs and spruce .
this raft - the result of 27 trunks of pines trees lashed together with nylon rope - gave buoyancy to all of their garments and guns , gasoline tanks and fishing gear , ammunition and books - all the provisions and supplies they required to survive in the wilderness for years should they choose to lose themselves for years .
* * * chapter 23 - mount rushmore , south dakota arriving in south dakota doug found an rv park called the pines and set up his motor home .
for example , the stone footpath on the left side of the pond may look as if it goes on forever , but that 's just part of the art : the stones get smaller toward the back , curving in and out among the azalea bushes till they make one last twist and disappear among the red pines and maples at the rear .
countless trees surrounded the shoreline like a blanket made of wood and pine , reaching up into the sky like rockets .
chris continued to stare at the glowing light as it softly reflected of the dark water with the tall pines along the shoreline sure looks like it coming towards us .
a warm breeze blew bringing with it the fragrance of native crimean pines .
the driveway wound inward through a series of switchbacks that came into view several times ; a clandestine approach was nt possible unless you planned on walking the mile in from the main road , using the thick lodgepole pine as cover .
whitefeather led the sheriff around back where they walked a hundred yards into the dense pine forest .
behind each oak , maple or mountain pine , one can still sense the essence of he and his loyal penacook warriors and allies -- the saco and the abenaki -- as they wait , silently , patiently crouched , prepared and ready when needed to strike out against injustice , to avenge the honor of their peoples and their desecrated lands .
and on those days when the teacher droned on , and the weather was warm , and an enticing spring breeze whirled through the classroom , he would stare from behind at the gentle curve of her cheek and imagine the two of them walking together on the spongy carpet of needles in the old pine forest behind the city park .
wequai lined the pit with soft needles from the small pitch pine trees that grew near the shore , to provide the warrior a comfortable resting place .
last year , jessica mallins hit a big pine tree head - on behind the elementary school when she went roaring down the hill on her toboggan .
rufus picked up one of the clovers of pine needles , he tore a single green pine needle from the rest and stuck it into the corner of his mouth .
james dean on the other hand had selected a single brown pine needle over to his left that had been there since autumn or perhaps the autumn before it .
the dirt road was behind them , so were the adults and the brown pine needles that rufus so achingly wanted to taste .
they came down here quite often and they always picked up pine needles and shoved them into the corner of their mouths .
they stopped long enough to pick up pine needles .
her smell was that of pine , oak and clean forest soil , and he found himself dreaming of a forest again the night of the fifth , but with no darkness or blocked paths to follow , and therefore had a good nights rest .
following the town the vision quickly moved into the maples , oaks and pines above the town .
the steep sides and the very dense collection of scrub oaks standing beneath the pines and other evergreens became too much to move through , though his confidence in his path grew with every step .
very tall spruces , pines and cedars mingled with a patch of quaking aspens that seemed to span out far to the east and were just beginning to turn the yellow dan would have expected in the fall , surrounded him entirely .
thatchers wood was a mixture of broad leaf and pine trees , planted years ago for tax purposes by a landowner now long forgotten .
* -- * -- * -- october had arrived in all its glory.-the gold and crimson leaves were vying with the gorgeous sunset in the age old effort to show the world what true colors were all about.-the dark green of the pines and cedar trees shouldered their way between the colorful maples and the yellow and brown of the giant leaves of the oak trees were a counterpoint to the purple and magenta of the cottonwoods , the sweet gums , and hickories.-the rolling hills put the colorful varieties on display with row upon row showing one behind the other as far as the eye could see .
i shook and shivered and my mind craved a hit like a bear pines for honey , but now i thought of the stuff as poison .
as the road naturally turned to the left , i steered to the right and headed up a steep embankment into the forest full of thick pine trees .
they watched the other boat all the way in to watts island , a tiny patch of scrubby pines and rocks with the all - steel buildings showing quite clearly .
he stared out over the low hazy west virginia mountains , smelling the pine in the air , hearing the rustle of leaves in the breeze , wondering about the future .
i was becoming so god damned selfish ... ` ` oh shit ... '' i heard jesse yell faintly , moments later what seemed to be a shell from a bazooka or rpg flew past us , about ten yards from the side , exploding into a massive pine tree .
donnet inhaled deeply of the night air , smelling fresh grass and pine trees and a damp - leaf bonfire burning nearby the sort of smells you did nt get in central paris overlaying the petrol and diesel fumes from the nearby a - road .
he could not see very far ahead of him in the haze of stinging pines , so he closed his eyes to avoid permanent blindness .
it was buried beneath dozens of sticks and about a billion pine needles but , its reddish bark still glowed beneath the tree products .
no houses behind her for a quarter mile , just untamed pines and underbrush and a steep hillside rolling away from it and eventually into the deep - blue lake .
fifteen steps or so later we were between the trunks of two large pine trees .
giant pines everywhere .
a little white ghost of a personage blending in perfectly with the snow , save for her dark hair and green reflective eyes , standing at the farthest reach of the light , between the trunks of two large pines .
down the snowy slope , between the pines and catching very little light was magdalena .
writhing in a bed of dried pine needles , each looking to get the upper hand .
nothing more than orange ghosts floating just beyond the pine trees ; streetlights and lethargic needles .
a bullet hit the pine tree .
louie cautiously got up and peeked around the pine tree .
when they reached the pine tree they found that the ground in front of it was flat and decided it would be a good place to pitch their tent .
there was a local pub only a half a mile walk from misty falls called , the pines , and i could n't wait to get out of the place to sup on a couple of cold ones .
chapter eleven the pines was one of those places where they did family meals and had a lounge area for where they served those particular meals .
so out of principle , we decided to go to the pines after our evening meal , and save our money for real special events like the one we had coming up with all six of us .
all five of us were going out for a meal for don 's birthday and the visitor had landed a day ago and was due at the pines at 8 pm .
it was n't something we wanted to do at misty falls , as it was n't private enough and there were too many distractions , so the pines seemed the perfect venue for don 's surprise .
we sat in the lounge area of the pines , and was pleased that it was relatively quiet .
take me to the pines , john .
out of the corner of my eye in the edges of the thick pine forest that grew on our side of the lake i noticed something , the way you do .
i do nt know what we would have done if it had led us to a dark cave mouth , strewn with bones thankfully it did nt and following the track silently for nearly twenty minutes we came across a small , but neatly maintained log cabin nestled in a clearing in the middle of a tall pine forest .
the tall pines gave way to a mixture of broad leaf trees , and then opened again onto farm fields .
my little rearview mirror pine tree is sorta beat down by now , ca nt fight that stuff so good .
the web stretched from the large pine just off the sidewalk to the front of the house .
the scene was markedly different from the idyllic pine forest in which it was contained : wooden spears had been stuck into the ground , and at the top , impaled doll heads .
light spliced in beams through the branches of towering pines and zachary reached down and touched water rushing through a ravine of moss covered rock .
i continued moving on the trail , even as boondoggle kept henry occupied by the foot of a big pine tree .
it was also the night sea pines resort had its official halloween celebration , so there were several festive events scheduled at various venues located within the resort property .
he charged them a shilling to watch him climb to the zenith of the majestic pine trees that graced the borders of their white home .
we always fell fast asleep against a wayward pine before making the journey back the following morning .
chapter seventeen the rolling hills where the wayward pines sheltered the damp earth that played host to hundreds of wild mushrooms were unmistakable , and the miles of sprawling sweet alfalfa fields were just a short journey to the west .
the most recent time i was here was when i had escaped the demon in my truck by somehow pushing my mind and body into this place , but there was another time when this place was real and alive and vibrant with color , when the dark sky did nt bring total darkness , when my friends and i frolicked under the moonlight and fell asleep amongst the pines until the day i was murdered , and my blood ran as cold as the heart of the man who killed me .
the beautiful backyard featured a gigantic pine tree that i could tell was missing the conversations it used to have with my peoplethe mages .
i found myself out in the garden , peering up into the large pine tree .
people are dying in whispering pines , and the murders coincide with mcfall 's return .
the gambrel roofed mansion was named summit pines and occupied a large block in an exclusive stretch of yonkers .
they crossed a dark , chillingly exposed paddock , straddled over a sagging , decrepit barbed wire fence and moved into the cover of a pine grove .
i figured it was the only way i d ever see the inside of quest pines .
trece and the white boy appeared from the pine grove to stand beside alex .
he aimed his shotgun at another imposing pine five feet away .
* * * the morning shadows of pines and locusts drifted across the gravel road that rolled up and down the ridge where scottish farmers had plowed , planted , and harvested for the last two hundred years .
the four figures moved through the light and shadows under oaks , maples , birches , chestnuts , and an occasional blue spruce or white pine .
bounding down the steps into the sunlight , he passed into the stretching shadows of pines and maples cast by the late - afternoon sun .
the moon , tucked behind a tall pine tree , flickeredtwo chips of light breaking through the branches like eyes gazing on her .
the laughter became uproarious as the two boys emerged from below the pine .
the sycamores , maples , and pines bestowed the sweet doxology of robins , jays , and cardinals , filling the air with trills and warbles .
as it neared the ground , it shot back up , but elijah noticed a glint of gold under the out - stretched branches of a small pine tree where the beams dappled the ground .
as the six men stood quietly , all that could be heard was the wind high above them in the pines whistling an unsettling melody .
there were many dead horses on the battlefield and hank guessed that there might be stray horses in the surrounding wilderness that fled the scene and as he rode through the lodge pole pines he spotted a total of 11 .
it rustled the leaves on the birch , cypress , and oak trees , and pressed against the pines , seemingly locked in an anticipatory bracing against the coming winter chill .
pingmei began to haunt the pavilion and , it was said , her tears irrigated the cypress and pine trees growing beside the tomb .
there are snow covered hills and pine trees as far as the eye can see .
hanson looked around along the edge of the tree line and spotted a yellow ribbon around a tall pine .
the two sat and gazed at the purple - black sky that topped the distant pines .
low flying dark clouds raced southward , the billows tickling the crowns of the mountain pines .
there was still more climbing to do as they turned southward on a fairly well - worn narrow trail through the pines .
chapter thirty - one - aftermath autrys house , secluded in the shade of towering deciduous trees and pines , was the typical long on breadth , short on depth ranch house that was so prevalent in appalachia .
` ` we 're almost there , pa , '' i said , the smell of freshly - cut pine trees assailing my nostrils .
hinto waited for me in the shadows of the big pines .
once he slung the sack over his horse 's back , he hopped on top and disappeared deep into the thick pine trees that crowded the top of the slope .
i watched the last of hinto 's back disappear into the thick pines as he and his paint climbed the steep slope .
i dismounted and led daisy toward where jaw - long was busy pulling discs out of the rough bark of a gnarled ponderosa pine .
i tracked the blade through the air in a straight line to the pine .
i maneuvered us behind a stand of half - dead pine trees and gingerly hopped out of my saddle , hun 's sides still heaving as he struggled to catch his breath .
brady stood alongside her , his back to a dead pine .
interspersed among the pathways were old pines , cypress trees , and native vegetation .
though closer to the river , landscapes tend toward the swampy , surrounded up here instead by the remnants of what as an imaginatively if passively landscaped yard , virginia pines , numerous varieties of oak , and dogwoods at the apex of their bloom cycle proliferate .
the forest surrounding them is predominantly populated with pines of varying species .
the platforms are open air , bordered by iron rails that have been painted a soothing green somewhere between pine and primary .
ribbons and pine branches decorated the entrances of each department , and a christmas tree dominated the elegant atrium , sitting just in front of a statue of caesar .
the clearing was strangely beautiful in the snow , which hung from the branches of the pine trees and across the forest tracks .
most of the wood had been cleared , and they were getting ready to move on to the next sector where the cut up remains of a once mighty pine tree lay when they heard ' alarm ' , the usual shout of warning , when a tree was about to fall , quickly followed by a further shout of warning .
she circled around and headed in the direction of the lions gate bridge that would take her over the georgia straight to her safe home in amongst the old pine trees of north vancouvers suburbs .
go east and you will cross a bridge over a wide bog where georgia feeds out into florida again - scrub oaks , pines and palmettos thriving in flatwoods muck - then the sandy east coast and the atlantic ocean .
the small frame houses , separated by paling or rail fences and lanes running north and south , on merry gay 's side , ran out to green pines and palmettos and embedded black streams .
he tried to tell them it was n't necessary to streak so deep into the pines to make the gum run , only down to the cambium layer , and even proved it .
plus , deep gashes lessened the life of the pine .
the old - timey technique of cutting boxes into the pines for the gum to collect in was about to be replaced with the hanging of clay pots called herty cups below the streaked faces .
boxing was sure death to the pines .
hot air , grit and cinders , but the air smelled fresh , of pine .
the boat itself likely treated with her own pines ' pitch - she could smell it now , cleansing but roily in the heat .
he leaped from the wagon with his jug , legs like tomwalkers and shadow like a pine .
she dashed across the sliding quavering grate over the car couplings and holding to the railing each side of the steps she leaned out , expecting to see buck and charlie rolling down the ditch like mike ruis , but saw only pines streaming past with streaks of the low crimson sun like the woods were on fire .
the eastern sky was bloated with fast moving gray clouds and the wind was picking up , rattling the palmettos and leaves of the hardwoods , limber pines rubbing their upper trunks together and creaking like the timbers of a ship .
already the turpentine hands had begun raking and weeding a three - foot clearance around the pines to keep the controlled burns they would set in fall from damaging them .
after the sunrise service , outside in the blooming green and fuchsia light of azaleas and pines , shirley strutted up from the crowd in their homemade easter garb to speak to hoss .
another fire had cropped up on the west side of the tracks , fire racing along the fat pine fence - rails like rats .
tommy whispered , hiding behind a stout pine trunk with merry gay hanging to her right shoulder .
shots rang out , the fire snapped and lashed and sang with the wind in the pines of the bordering woods .
smoke rising from chimneys , normal ; bacon frying in the kitchens , normal ; tart smell of pines and creosote of the crossties , normal too .
as soon as they hit the tram road and the woods had closed the path created by logs snaked out by oxen and mules , she crawled over into the bed of the wagon and climbed up on the yellow pine box .
his voice boomed out over the frosty green pines and palmettos .
somebody had left a rectangular metal scrape bucket and a square - hooked iron and hoss opined one of the hands had quit and moved on , having found the scabbed tar , the cheapest grade of resin , too stubborn and bothersome to scrape from the cat - faces of the pines .
the same tall longleaf pines as in moniac formed a fortress around the little town , same railroad tracks bringing the outside in but seldom taking the inside out .
it was almost dusk when hoss and merry gay stopped along the tram road for him to chop down the white - pine sapling she 'd picked out for a christmas tree .
honeysuckle , trumpet and fox - grape vines spewed like fountains from the clustered scrub oaks and pines .
the rickety buckboard followed the three - path road cut by horse and wagon wheels out of the wiregrass and palmettos and pines to get to the church cemetery which shirley claimed was on his property now .
soon , they were in a crop of pines with glazy orange cat - faces ; spotted about were the weather shelters , lean - tos of two - by - four slats , then bushes again .
the clean earthy smell of decaying leaves and tart pine claimed the hot rubber smell of the ponchos and the mare 's sour wet hide .
on both sides of the tracks , pines have been limbed and treated for power poles , the tiered black wires an ideal place for the fat doves to perch .
on the way in to moniac after noon , claude had admired their handiwork : the shiny new tins tacked to the streaked cat - faces of the pines , all facing east to catch the sunrise .
a slight breeze blew through the high branches of majestic pine trees , whistling softly to the forest animals .
edge of woods the high branches of the slash pines swayed rythmatically in the brisk summer breeze like pale green pom - poms applauding the latest touchdown of the local high school team .
in the woods kathy santos leaned against a large pine tree and reached down and massaged her right foot .
when he came across a nice soft pile of pine needles laying in front of a large pine tree he sat down with his back to the tree and pondered his future .
the august heat was stifling here in the pine barrens , and the humidity made it worse .
yet as familiar as he was with the area , jack still got a creepy sensation when riding into the trees and seeing the forty - foot scrub pines get thicker and thicker , crowding the edges of the path , and then leaning over with their crooked , scraggly branches seeming to reach for him .
a glance back showed eddie sitting on the sand in the shade of a pine .
another mystery of the pine barrens .
the lenape indians used to inhabit the pines .
they huddled in the center of a thick copse of young pines .
in case you have nt noticed , weez , jack said , were in the middle of the pine barrens .
the pines .
he knew nothing was guaranteed in the pines .
they approached the place where quakerton road ended and the pine barrens began .
he s a good guy , jack said as they turned onto a firebreak trail and followed it into the pines .
a few weeks ago , late one august night , government men at least jack assumed they were from the government had used black helicopters to fly backhoes into the pines and dig up the mound where he and weezy had found the pyramid and the corpse .
she knew this corner of the pine barrens backward , forward , up and down .
as they rode , the forty - foot scrub pines thickened on either side , stretching their gnarled , green - needled branches overhead as they lined the path like sentinels guarding their woodland domain .
this was the kind of day when people got lost in the pines and were never seen again .
eventually they reached a burned - out area deep in the pines .
hard to kill these pines .
the pines thickened past the burned - out area , slowing their progress .
the pines were full of secrets and surprises , but this this was over the top .
as they neared the end of quakerton road , where old town petered out and the pines began , jack spotted lester appletons pickup , parked in its usual spot next to the lightning tree .
some people said he made the best applejack in the pines a secret he learned from his father , jacob while others preferred gus sooys .
applejack was a part of life in and around the pine barrens .
no matter how many times he entered the barrens and he 'd been doing it most of his life jack never failed to feel a little uneasy as the gnarled , forty - foot scrub pines leaned their scraggly branches over the path as if looking for a chance to grab him .
finally she came to a stop near a small open area where a sturdy old oak stood tall and wide among the more spindly pines .
so anyway , last night i walked over to old town and he picked me up and drove us into the pines .
looking back , yeah , i should have been , but we were talking about the body and how it had been mutilated and about cody and about how mysterious the pines are and he said he d found a cool place he did nt think anyone else knew about and would i like to see it and of course i said yes .
telling weezy about a cool new place in the pines was like dangling a wriggling goldfish before a cat .
because the pines have lots of lost towns villages and such that just up and disappeared .
officially it referred to the multigenerational natives of the great pine barrens that ran south from route 70 all the way down to the lower end of the state .
` ` my family roots are back in the pine barrens , but i am by no stretch of the imagination a piney .
` ` just accompany me into the pine barrens .
gary shivered in the frozen predawn dimness and scanned the surrounding pines and brush for the thousandth time .
those who disappeared were n't fools from newark or trenton who regularly got lost in the pines and wandered in circles till they died .
it ran off straight as a hunting arrow into the scrub pines on either side of them .
we stopped on the forest floor underneath the shade of a large pine tree .
there was a gravel road leading up a hill , the houses slate roof shingles barely visible through the barrage of spruces and pines .
the tall pines afraid to move , lest they were only a reflection .
it is a huge ghost town , a collection of dark wooden complexes enclosed by a dense , foreboding ring of pines .
she barely noticed the woody scent of pine or the fragrance of wildflowers in her hurry to reach the cave .
a few sported small neat signs out front bearing names like the pines , ravenwood , and kelsey 's folly .
the developer named the community the ponderosa due to the many ponderosa pines located on the property .
she stood in a copse of pines on a low rise .
cody crouches on bent kneecaps crawling low under the tree limbs of pine , oak , and maple just to name a few of the native tree trunks in alabama , listening to the odd sound .
he smells the pine from the trees then absorbs the musical songs of mother nature singing in piccolo , flute , bass , baritone when a very distinct tenor echoes among the trees , his human prey .
the sandy dirt road between close pines and hardwoods is opened up by the headlight beams but smoke twirls like playful fairies in the light .
almost to the highway and still he can hear no traffic , maybe because of the wind rushing in the tall pine tops .
even with the smoke - dulled sun at ten oclock , shining through the wet sparkle bushes and wax - berry myrtles and pines with drops of water clinging to the tips of their needles , they flock to sheltons face and hands like birds after bread crumbs .
curves and overhanging branches and open sun casting long shadows of pines .
the trees look rusted from the prolonged drought and pine beetle infestation .
shelton puts the car in drive , heading left down a wind - swept lane through the dead oaks and pines , past the first row of cabinssome doors open and see - through broken windows with shudders flung wide .
very close , within feet , while the butterfly lights on a low dead branch of a pine tree , pumping its wings , kim slowly , tenderly , guides adam forward , till his finger touches the end of the branch , sliding nearer the butterfly .
the howling and the racket from brittle pine limbs dropping on the tin roof and pelting the un - ceiled walls have kept adam edgy and whiney .
the wind is bad news , not only because of the tall , slender , buggy pines possibly snapping and falling on the roof but also because of fire carrying through the dry peat bogs in a flash .
she steps behind a thick pine tree creaking so that she thinks it might fall .
devon was at the end of the yard , standing next to a big pine tree .
there was a cluster of three old pines in the yard , the tallest one stretching over 125 feet up in the air .
it looked older than the knotty pines deep in the woods behind westbrook .
it took her back to her weekend honeymoon at jack ranch in the sierras where the smoke rose into the pines in the early morning and she boiled coffee over an open fire while phil slept .
the scent of crisp pines had been as impossible to forget as the emerald landscape which rolled in waves around me in all directions .
the afternoon sun , which lay nestled in the crevice of two tall peaks , cast its golden hue upon the tips of pines .
as sulley walked in , i rolled down the window and despite myself , stuck my head out and filled my nostrils with the invigorating autumn breeze again , letting the vague sent of pine and moist earth stir some part of me that lay sleeping , dormant somewhere deep within .
sulleys street had always been quiet , the houses set back into the towering pines and only accessible through long , private driveways .
when the truck reached the top of the incline i stared at the red brick building trimmed in navy blue which sat among the tall oaks and pines .
the brush was overgrown , but i could make out the base of the huge pine tree that had broken our fall .
the car lay upside down against the great pine , broken chunks of metal and debris scattered among the brush .
my heart jumped into my throat at the sight of the expanse below and the base of the great pine that had stopped our fall fifteen years ago .
a few feet further and i could see the brush thinning and the base of the great pine tree just below .
i walked over to the base of the pine for a moment , remembering .
it poked out from among the branches of a large pine tree just off the game trail .
when we arrived at the base of the pine i saw that there were planks nailed along the side of the tree for use as a make - shift ladder up to the platform .
somewhere over there , beyond hills of pine , below clouds of purple , was enemy blue .
they were blundering through the tall pines , ben bouncing like a pinball from one tree trunk to the next .
deep in the pine forests , this one .
we were then forced to stop at a thick stand of pines since we had lost sight of him .
he stared out at the flapping soggy pine trees whipping rainwater around in the wind like hundreds of giant mops , and he longed for that fresh and warm kona breeze on his toes .
the majors third - floor corner office had a commanding view of the towering pines that surrounded much of the base .
chapter 39 : fontainebleau their chateau was spacious if rustic and it looked out over a forest studded with strange rock formations and boulders that sprouted like morels among the pines .
melissa nodded and joined him on the wide trail that meandered through the pines and crossed a causeway across a gurgling stream .
it looked like a tall pine tree headed directly for nick in front of her .
she blasted her horn but nick had already sensed the large pine tree falling .
some of the pines leaned into the lava igniting immediately as they touched the molten rock .
the tree originally a tall pine , now stood maybe twenty - five feet tall .
on the other , grassy hills and majestic pines swayed gracefully with the ever - changing atlantic winds .
trisha took a deep breath and turned next to one of the big pine trees lining the path to her dormitory .
the interior woods had been returned to their original pine and oak .
www.peteranthonybooks.com http : //www.facebook.com / peteranthonybooks http : //twitter.com/ # ! /peteranthonybks the beginning ( whispering pines book 1 ) copyright @ charles e. wells published by smashwords dublin , georgia 31021 www.wellstonpublishing.com revised december 2013 in honor of the two beautiful women who helped make this book happen .
what idiot would build a campfire in the middle of a pine thicket ?
the pines stood in orderly lines similar to a cornfield .
that triggered the vision but it was not gail 's first view of what she would come to know as whispering pines estate .
from the chair 's touch , she saw whispering pines .
the touch from the nickel triggered her first vision of whispering pines .
all she saw now was the whispering pines manson only the car parked in the drive was much larger , older , one of the ` ` big boat '' types of the late 50 's .
the front door of whispering pines opened and out stepped another beautiful woman , abatha , she was claudias sister only something emitted from abatha that felt overwhelming to gail .
it clicked with her vision of whispering pines .
his brother was telling him something about their family history and how , if he could find a way to prove it , that he and chuck would be the rightful owners of whispering pines estate .
timber is a good investment and georgia is one of the nations top producers of pine .
have you ever heard of a place around your area called whispering pines estate ?
where on earth did you hear about whispering pines ?
either way i ve read about the family and their estate called whispering pines .
snapping his eyes back to the road , chuck let her stumbling into whispering pines on the internet warble around in his mind .
type whispering pines estate into the yahoo search engine and what comes up ?
uh , yea there s a whispering pines estate down home and miss abatha pary owns it and the newspaper in west creek county .
they stay with her at whispering pines .
yea , our father always told matt and me that we rightfully own whispering pines estate and property .
she took control of whispering pines under a will he supposedly wrote the day before they were married .
he left home as soon as he was old enough to go it alone and since then he has nt set foot in the whispering pines mansion .
so how had fate put something together so nicely , something that brought her to the edge of whispering pines , something that had shoved her closer to chuck in a way that felt odd and out of place in her life ?
i took care of the trespasser so i m on my way to whispering pines to talk with miss pary .
chapter 8 whispering pines estate was a huge structure with four massive columns across the front and large , bay windows facing the yards .
he drove away from whispering pines but instead of turning left to go home , he turned right and started back toward town .
any mention of the veal name at whispering pines would draw hostility from her aunt ... or her brother , max .
so my dad went to his grave convinced that we owned at least half of whispering pines estate but we needed proof .
chuck sat speechless , then uttered , if that s true then abatha pary did nt inherit whispering pines .
if matt discovered a marriage certificate and could prove ownership to whispering pines , well ; abatha pary would go to jail and max pary would be out on the street , flat broke and destitute .
as you said , everything is leading back to whispering pines .
she lives out the rest of her life at whispering pines , dies and then max pary and his sister get everything .
he s catching pressure from the pary household at whispering pines right now and you and matt are the direct cause .
bill looked around at all the nearby , hundred foot tall pine trees .
he was in a room , a study ; it was the study inside whispering pines estate .
i m going to drop gail off at matts and then drive on over to whispering pines but i do nt want to leave her alone out there .
abatha murdered them then turned it all around so she could take over whispering pines ?
she also had to create a fake will from tom veal too so she could inherit whispering pines estate .
unknowing to either of them , it was part of the same dream chuck had just experienced during the night at the hospital , the one that took place in the parlor at whispering pines .
if that diary will hold up in court , and it should , then whispering pines estate , or at least a share of it , belongs to ... chuck and matt jacobs finished for blake .
all these trails to trouble lead back to one place and that is whispering pines and the pary family .
i m going over to whispering pines and talk with miss edie pary .
it felt cool , leathery , and soft considering how old it was and then she was in the parlor of whispering pines mansion watching a small young boy play on the floor in front of her .
she heard a grandfather clock chiming from downstairs at whispering pines .
the front door of whispering pines opened and the voices grew louder , more distinct and a few of their words became coherent .
chapter 19 bill jacobs was almost at the whispering pines mansion , but he was still undecided on whether to stop or keep on driving past .
the order to attack chuck veal came from someone inside whispering pines .
whispering pines , what is bill doing out there ?
i should never have let him see it in the first place but he was so determined to find the truth about whispering pines .
i found it hidden in the attic at whispering pines .
if nothing else , he was going to take us to court to try to take whispering pines away .
he was close to taking whispering pines plantation away from us and with how i ve got it tied in with the project ; he would have taken the land around the lake as well .
she forged all those papers that gave us title to whispering pines .
getting him out of the way would save whispering pines , it would save the beaver dam project , and most important of all , it would save our life and lively hood , our only source of income .
i m real sorry to hear that too , miss edie , but , what s gon na happen to whispering pines and all the property and stuff ?
she looked down at him lovingly and added , i m going to sign the deeds to everything including whispering pines , over to matt and chuck , full title to the estate , the project lands , everything .
jacobs asked , can you tell what really happened with abatha pary at whispering pines all those years ago ?
she was older and had been a nanny out at whispering pines many years before when she was a young girl .
so , why do nt we let it stay there since we have enough proof otherwise , and edie , do nt just sign away whispering pines to us .
chucks aunt cindy was trying to tell me , to show me , that she was there at whispering pines the night of the murders .
every vision i ve had about whispering pines involved something that called itself a nickel .
now this buffalo nickel was in my purse in north carolina and when i touched it , i saw whispering pines for the first time in a vision , but then the vision wanted me to be afraid of this nickel once it had shown me all that it held .
in 2010 he took the characters and plots and reworked them , then expanded into today 's ` ` whispering pines . ''
to see all the whispering pines series , visit the authors website at : http : //www.charleswells.us running into the darkness book one in the deepest darkness series by d. a. bale copyright by d. a. bale , 2011 isbn : 978 - 1 - 4661 - 6307 - 2 cover design by genevieve lavo cosdon , lavo design www.lavodesign.com all rights reserved .
107 thirty miles away , a black kiowa gunship chopper tore over the scrub pine treetops of northern delaware .
reacher could smell a heavy scent of pines .
the first - floor interior was one large space , interrupted by pillars holding up the second floor , paneled in broad smooth planks sawed from huge pines .
the trees around here , they 're mostly wild pines , the branches face upward , right ?
reacher was cuffed around the trunk of a hundred - foot pine .
a straggly wild survivor , forcing its way up alongside the tall pines .
jackson was crucified between two young pines .
reacher and holly sat alone in the forest , backs to two adjacent pines , staring at the mound above jackson 's grave .
they had passed straight through the sentry screen without knowing anything about it and come upon a three - star general sitting at the base of a pine .
there was a crashing noise up ahead and a patrol of six men burst around a tight thicket of pines and stopped dead in front of them .
the leading bullet was distorted slightly by the impact and jerked left , tearing through the inner pine siding twenty - two inches later .
luther was listening but he was also staring at the last tree , a crooked spindly dwarf of a pine shrub that had been passed over for good reasons .
the brittle pine needles scanlon had warned him about were still blowing in the wind between the kroger and hemlock street .
there was a strong scent of pine and mimosa in the air and the freshly watered gardens of the casino opposite , interspersed with neat gravel parterres and paths , lent the scene a pretty formalism more appropriate to ballet than to melodrama .
even that faded as they came through the dunes and saw the sea and the modest little inn amongst the pines .
he thought that their life was probably something of a struggle and that the inn must be very lonely in winter - time with the big seas and the noise of the wind in the pines .
under the water he imagined the tranquil scene and wished that vesper could just then come through the pines and be astonished to see him suddenly erupt from the empty seascape .
in fact i had come all the way from london to the dreamy pines motor court , which is ten miles west of lake george , the famous american tourist resort in the adirondacks - that vast expanse of mountains , lakes , and pine forests which forms most of the northern territory of new york state .
in fact i had come all the way from london to the dreamy pines motor court , which is ten miles west of lake george , the famous american tourist resort in the adirondacks - that vast expanse of mountains , lakes , and pine forests which forms most of the northern territory of new york state .
storms do n't frighten me , and although the nearest living soul , as far as i knew , was ten miles away up the not very good secondary road to lake george , the thought of the pines that would soon be thrashing outside , the thunder and lightning and rain , made me already feel snug and warm and protected in anticipation .
the humidity had strengthened the scent of pine and moss , and now there was also a strong underlying armpit smell of earth .
my name is vivienne michel and , at the time i was sitting in the dreamy pines motel and remembering , i was twenty - three .
it was here that i fled away from the horrible mainstream that route 9 had become , and took to the dusty side road through the forest that was to lead me to the dreamy pines motor court and to the armchair where i have been sitting remembering just exactly how i happened to get here .
despite all these gracious trimmings , plus a beautiful site , it seemed that the dreamy pines was in a bad way , and , when i had come upon it two weeks before , there were only two overnighters in the whole place and not a single reservation for the last fortnight of the season .
compliments of the dreamy pines '' ) , i heard them talking in a low voice over something that , because of an occasional chuckle , seemed to give them satisfaction .
and now this was my last night at the dreamy pines and tomorrow i would be off again .
the dripping pines were thick together , their branches overlapping , and they tore at the arms crossed over my face .
i stumbled away to the right , found brief darkness , and dived to my knees among the soaking pine needles .
it was still blowing hard , and the pine trees clashed fiercely outside my back window .
* * * it was quite a cavalcade that came sweeping up the road between the pines - a squad car with outriders , an ambulance , two other police cars , and a recovery truck that came toward me across the grass and went on down to the lake .
i walked meekly beside this large , comfortable man who had come out with these kindly - meant thoughts , and all i could think was that 1 wanted a big lunch and then a long sleep at least a hundred miles from the dreamy pines motor court .
james bond idled through the pretty approaches to royale , through the young beeches and the heavy - scented pines , looking forward to the evening and remembering his other annual pilgrimages to this place and , particularly , the great battle across the baize he had had with le chiffre so many years ago .
the exterior of the bathhouse looked like a japanese inn - some carefully placed stepping - stones meandering briefly between dwarf pines , a wide - open , yellow - lighted doorway with a vista of polished wood floors behind , three bowing smiling women in traditional dress , as bright as birds although it was nearly five in the morning , and the inevitable row of spotless , but undersi2ed slippers .
bond dismissed the thought and followed tiger along the narrow streets , gaily hung with paper banners and lanterns , to the usual discreet frontage and dwarf pines that he had become accustomed to .
he could make the story long or short , put in the weather and the way the flowers and pines had smelled on the mountain , or he could cut it short .
from them you could see a great expanse of blue water in front of you and , on either side , the upper windows of neighbouring villas and the tops of the trees in their gardens - mediterranean - type evergreen oaks , stone pines , casuarinas and an occasional palm tree .
as the pine forests began to climb towards the snow patches between the beautifully scoured teeth of the alps , he remembered early skiing holidays .
he sat relaxed , motoring easily down the curving road through the young whispering pines .
there are birds and tropical flowers and palm trees , imported fully grown from florida , in the beautiful gardens of the millionaires round the coast , but in the middle of the island there is nothing to attract the eye but the skeleton fingers of spidery windmill pumps sticking up above the pine barrens , and bond spent the ride to the airport reviewing the morning .
no one , at least in my four years at phs , has tried to push it away from the building with a bunch of flowerbeds or baby pine trees or any of that happy horseshit .
the trees climbed on both sides , pines and spruces that sloped off to naked rock headland - twin spurs of it , which cupped the crescent - shaped beach where the waves licked .
it is surrounded by a spectacular and enchanting landscape of hills and valleys covered with flowers , orchards , and pine forests : -the village itself , a cornu- copia of artists ' studios , galleries and wonderful antique shops , is a magnet for tourists from all over the world .
blue skies was approaching portofino , which even from a distance was an impressive sight , its hillsides covered with olive trees , pines , cypresses and palms .
the lodge was spread across pine - covered hills , an enormous structure built of wood and tile and stone , overlooking the pacific ocean .
to the left of the road was a stand of pine trees and beyond that a forest of electric - power lines .
it is covered by dark pine forests and cut by deep valleys and small lakes .
there 's a cracking sound and a huge old pine topples on the lines .
knots of pine - clad hills , stunted scrub , and alpine meadows , all beautiful and rugged , yet an eeriness permeated .
she zigzagged past tall pines , through dense ferns , breathing hard , commanding her legs to keep moving .
instead , pieces of pine , ash , and oak were fused together .
she lived in an old trailer with bette , her stepsister , on a gravel road in a forlorn bowmore neighborhood known as pine grove .
after he left her , pastor ott went to the cemetery behind the pine grove church and , with the help of another deacon , began digging her grave , number seventeen .
who in pine grove had hired another law firm ?
there were birch and pine and low bushes struggling to grow under a high , thick ceiling of leaves and needles .
within minutes he had disappeared among the snow - laden firs , stone pines , and larches , traveling parallel to the road but a good two hundred yards to the side .
most of the mountain pines were ` ` limbed up '' : though dense at the center , they had shed the branches that once grew at the bases of their trunks .
there were moments when he dimly recognized the dazzling beauty of his surroundings - the towering pines ahead of him that winter had turned into a castle of snow , a neuschwanstein built from branches ; the mountain peaks that punctuated the horizon like the sails of distant ships ; the roadside freshets , fed by mountain streams , that continued to gush even while all around them was frozen .
on the opposite side is a spreading pine tree ; roughly fifteen feet above the first branches is one of my men with clear sight lines to the cottage .
shrinking back under the protection of a towering pine , he watched as fadi 's messenger , holding an old - fashioned oil lantern , came out of the building and headed off between two colossal chunks of stone into the thicket of the pine forest .
five miles from the orthodox cathedral , arkadin had taken joakar into the dense pine forest .
wings fluttered by overhead as they tramped beneath the swaying pine branches .
in a small clearing she set her son down on a bed of snowy pine needles .
it stood within stands of tall pines , clumps of birch and blue cedars , old wood that had been here for close to sixty years , predating the stone house by a decade .
the study was around to the left , a comfortable wood - paneled room in a corner of the house that looked out onto a tree - shaded lawn , a flagstone terrace in the middle of which was sunk a lap - pool and , beyond , the beginning of the pine and hardwood forest that ran for most of the property .
he turned his back on it and plunged into the thick pine forest .
the moment khan had entered the dense pine and hardwood forest on alexander conklin 's estate he felt as if he had come home .
opposite was a single window through which tall pines could be seen , black and white , all detail washed out of them by the brilliant security floodlights .
when they were far away from the hacienda , in among a dusty stand of dwarf pine trees , barbara turned to her and said , ` ` you interest me .
in among the pines and oaks , perpetual shadows clung to the thick jigsaw of branches .
a narrow gap between two pines afforded him an excellent view of the front door and driveway .
there were flowers surrounding the raised sarcophagus , and two rows of dark green pine trees in huge ceramic pots lined the opposing walls .
a figure in a grey mao suit , the cut military , cautiously passed by the wide pillar in the dim outer light of the pine trees .
he ran in spurts to his right , from pine to pine to the mid - point of the curve , where again he knelt in the shadowed greenery , waiting , studying every foot of the thoroughfare 's borders , listening for any sound that did not belong to the hum of the deserted country road .
the killer who was a killer by necessity buried the knapsack with his white shirt and tweed jacket and stood up between the pine trees .
he saw -- filtered through the thick branches of the tall overlapping pines bordering the tamed grounds -- flickerings of light coming from the large house .
he reached the outer border of the asphalt and lay prone beneath a spreading pine , gathering his thoughts and his breath as he studied the scene in front of him .
he slowly got to his feet , and ducking from one pine to the next , he made his way to the end of the circular drive , and then continued down the tree - lined border of the narrow graveled road .
somewhere wheels were spinning , crushing stone and displacing it ; he rolled over and over into the dark recesses of the low - hanging , wide - spreading branches of a pine tree , swinging his body around to locate the disturbance .
he saw the outlines of a tree limb on the ground ; a rotted branch had fallen from the pine above him .
he heard the panel of the cart slam shut ; the vehicle rolled forward , gathering speed as bourne raced back into the darkness of the pine tree .
the killer writhed in the road , rolling over and over toward the bordering pine trees .
i could see a tall pine , dull and dormant , a little nearer .
on the far side , a thick pine forest stretched and climbed to the high mountains in the distance .
tonight as the sun faded in a fiery orange ball behind pines and hardwoods , tremont was standing on the roofed veranda of the first floor of his lodge .
the tall pines swayed gently , and their pungent scent filled the air .
they climbed steadily to the three - thousand - foot mid pines summit , picked up the rushing merced river , and entered the park at el portal .
a narrow steel footbridge crossed the ravine to a clearing and a log cabin hidden among towering ponderosa pine and incense cedar .
the aroma of pine filled the air .
the room occupied the entire width of the cabin , but a wing , hidden from the front , extended at the left rear deep into the tall pines .
outdoors the wind blew through the majestic ponderosa pines .
moments later , loaded and electrically charged , the rv was bouncing away down the mountainside among the tall pines and cedars and the occasional black oak .
9:14 a.m. long lake village , new york the adirondack mountain air was sweet and fresh , and the sun that morning cast long , damp shadows from the tall pines onto blanchard pharmaceuticals ' sprawling complex .
he could almost smell the thick pines on both sides as they darkened from blue to purple and now black .
on the far side of the lodge a pristine lake was nestled in the forest of pine and hardwood trees .
they lay on their stomachs on the thick carpet of duff under dense pines as they carefully analyzed the lodge 's layout and the bored actions of the trio of guards .
they slipped through the pines to the clearing .
they were gazing out at the valley where the colors of autumn had turned the sweep of hardwood trees to rich golds and reds among the green pines .
tires screeching , she sped the car off the road into the tall pines .
the pines seemed to grow straight up to the blue sky .
now janson stationed himself within a dense copse of aleppo pine and took an inventory of the others in the area .
now , as janson could see from his perch in the pines above , agger sat down on the long marble bench by the fountain , breathing heavily , looking around for his old drinking companion .
the sun filtered through the mulberry trees and tall pines , which spread their boughs protectively over the cottage .
the air was filled with the resinous scent of an old - growth pine forest , a scent that recalled nothing so much as the disinfectants and air fresheners that so insistently aped it .
he nested himself in the middle of an old pine tree , largely concealing himself behind its trunk and the profusion of its needle - laden fronds .
an electric cart awaited him and he drove through groves of oak , pine , and cypress to his home , a mansion erected in 1883 in queen anne style , flush with irregular forms and dramatic rooflines .
fifty - three bath , north carolina 11:15 am knox paced the grass beneath a canopy of oaks and pines .
the circle is known as padgitt island , a deep , dense woodland covered in pine , gum , elm , oak , and a myriad of swamps and bayous and sloughs , some connected but most isolated .
it lit steep slopes carpeted with gold - leafed aspens , towering firs , ponderosa pines , and oaks .
farther down , at the foot of the mountains , the shorter pinon pines , junipers , and clumps of sagebrush surrounding the institute 's thick sand - colored adobe walls were still cloaked in shadow .
along the northern edge of the perimeter fence , small stands of pine and juniper trees were wholly submerged in darkness .
two hundred meters away , on the edge of a small thicket of piflon pines and juniper trees , three men lay concealed in the tall , dry grass .
pifion pines and junipers along its crest stood starkly outlined against the dazzling golden light .
rural virginia three big 4x4 trucks were parked just inside a patch of scrub pines growing along the crest of a ridge several hundred yards west of burke 's ram- shackle farm .
the slope on this side was a mix of birch trees , scrub pines , and clumps of brush , all broken up by tiny patches of open ground .
another gunshot , this one in the near distance , not from the killer in the pine tree .
he found what he was looking for , a section of forest that rose abruptly above a stream , thick branches of corsican pine sweeping down to the ground on the banks .
he waded across the stream , and climbed the opposite bank to the cascading pines , he crawled underneath , opened his duffle bag and took out a small shovel , amused that two packets of toilet paper fell out with the instrument .
before god , i will come backl '' they walked out of the mountains , circling northwest beyond the hills of porto vecchio , then south to sainte lucie , following the stream until they reached the massive pine under which bray had buried his attach6 case and duffle bag .
an expert in virology and molecular biology , smith was also an army medical officerin fact , a lieutenant coloneltemporarily stationed here amid the towering pines and rolling foothills of colorado at this centers for disease control ( cdc ) facility .
nestled against sweet - smelling pines , the chalet was perched on a steep slope at the edge of broad fields and meadows in sight of la grande chartreuse , a famous carthusian monastery .
to the north , thick pine forest rose up the mountainside , embracing the chalet .
he marched mauritania to the chalet 's entry , out the front door into the hazy mountain sunlight , and to a clearing among the pines where the hughes scout helicopter was parked .
they had landed on a sloping field at the edge of a thick pine forest , near a half - timbered chalet with a high - peaked roof .
if he could slip out of the chopper and in among the pines , he would triple his odds of escaping .
when he saw a head emerge from behind a pine tree , his heart pounded faster .
the sudden cawing of a flock of crows taking off from the tops of nearby pines was the first hint he had made another mistake .
then the shadows beneath the lofty pines appeared to vibrate , undulate like a thin fog .
and dropped to a crouch beside a large pine .
he abandoned his m16 with all its ammunition in the pines and kicked duff over them .
its geography varied from alpine peaks to deep gorges , pine forests , glacial lakes , pastures , fertile valleys , and even some desert .
i was steering right and left , dodging as best i could , but a big pine tree caught the left front .
in the middle of this unruly growth are four tall pine trees .
scarlett 's company had reached a field in front of a small forest of pine .
suddenly he came to the foot of several large pines .
the small trees had actually been the tall pines above him .
a german officer , the blood on his forehead slowly congealing , stood upright hidden from the american by the trunk of a wide pine tree .
he waited for b company to start its assault on the forest of pines .
on winterthurstrasse , three - tenths of a mile from falke haus there is a stretch of straight road paralleled on both sides by towering pine trees .
the car turned onto the ring drive through a sloping campus where the vibrant green of well - tended grass and sculpted pines contrasted with drifting patches of powdery snow .
he tucked the car away discreetly behind a dense stand of pine trees and walked back to the front door of the guest house , where a small sign said empfang , reception .
the woods here were a dense collection of old birches , with peeling bark , and tall , slender pines .
metcalfe moved , as silently as he could , a few steps to his left until he was mostly shielded behind a pine tree .
the schloss von schiissler was nestled in the thick , dark pine forests about thirty kilometers northwest of berlin .
lots of coarse wormwood scrub , dwarf pine , with occasional patches of rich pasture .
the lower slopes were dotted with stands of pine and the peaks were white with snow and streaked with gray crags .
the dirt road ran a mile through pines and then broke out with a view of absolutely nothing .
he parked under a towering pine and shut down for the night .
his first thought was that a football player was checking in , but the floors in their houses were typical of old - style construction in rural america , built of boards cut from the hearts of old pines , thick and dense and heavy , capable of transmitting noise but not detail .
the first of the morning light filtered down through the needles of the towering pine and touched the white van in its summer picnic spot at the end of the rough grassy track .
he climbed out and took a leak against the pine 's ancient trunk .
but the white van lined up between two pines and drove over stunted underbrush and found itself on a rutted track , once wide , now neglected , a firebreak running due south , designed with flames and westerly winds in mind .
if we rise another hundred feet into the immaculate air and scan what lies beneath and ahead , we see kettle moraines , coulees , blunted hills furry with pines , loam - rich valleys invisible from ground level until you have come upon them , meandering rivers , miles - long patchwork fields , and little towns one of them , centralia , no more than a scattering of buildings around the intersection of two narrow highways , 35 and 93 .
five pairs of eyes , as sonny puts it , register an unbroken line of oaks and pine trees .
he thinks it would be cool to come out here by himself one day , tuck the harley out of sight , and just walk around through the great oaks and pines , that big pad of felt beneath his feet , digging the birds and the crazy squirrels .
outside is a dry but not unpleasant landscape of red rocks , broom sage , desert flowers that look a bit like sego lilies , stunted pines , and a few barrel cacti .
instead of pine , the woods pressing in on either side smell of heavy , cloying perfume : my sin .
there are old oaks and pines , there are birches like skinny ghosts , there are red maples all of them indigenous to the area but he also sees twisted , rooty growths that look like mutated banyan trees .
the willys roared and pitched its way up the road , which was no more than a two - wheel track with bushes and even a few stunted pines growing along the crown .
far across tashmore pond , the pines glimmered gray - green in the sunshine .
sugar - dusted pines bordered it all around .
` ` oh , yeah , i went out in the backyard this morning , since the weather is good , and i was like kicking around this pine - cone , and when it landed on something in the bushes around the wall '' - my backyard , like poppy 's , was enclosed by a solid wood privacy fence , though mine was definitely shorter - ` ` i went to see why it sounded so funny , and your big old cat was lying there on the ground , and she was all wet and everything , and she 's dead . ''
with my van mostly buried in ferns , creosote , huckleberry , gooseberries and sages , and surrounded by bent and twisted oaks , firs and pines , i studied the layout before me .
beyond the train yard , a perimeter barbed - wire fence rose high - and beyond that , a dense pine forest .
could be worse ... to their right , fifty feet away , a line of skeletal birches and heavy siberian pines snaked down the slope .
working together , they reached the forest of siberian pines and birches .
the tunnel had exited beneath the shelter of a pine .
swearing , he pushed into the shadowy bower of a siberian pine .
the cove here was surrounded by swamp , choked with densely packed grasses and reeds , interspersed with dead dwarf pines .
he sat alone with his back to her at a west - facing table , with the town of durango , colorado , spread out before him in its high valley , specked with the icy yellows of cottonwood and aspen , enclosed by pine - wooded hills and bare shale hills and , farther back , the spruce forests and jagged peaks of the san juans .
the pines dwindled .
2009 eighty - four abigail descended into a forest of ponderosa and gambel oak , passed through curtains of mist between the trees , rain falling cold and steady , the air scented with wet pine .
i could smell the pines again , the rich , living soil .
the white pines dripped snowmelt , and within moments , i was shivering and miserable , thinking of the fireplace at the woodside inn .
i left my shovel leaning against the largest pine tree i could find .
an owl hooted somewhere above us , and i pictured it sitting on the flaking branch of a gnarled pine , wide - eyed , listening .
through the ceiling of pines , light was coming , and the white cadillac would be plainly visible from the highway , if it was not already .
i tried to relax , visualizing my lake house in spring and imagining myself sitting out on my back porch beneath the pines , in the presence of the virid forest and the lake - chilled wind .
he 's buried in a secluded grove of pines in the vermont countryside .
the moon will have advanced high above the horizon of calligraphic pines , burnishing the empty street into blue silver .
10 in the north carolina night luther shins down the pine .
karen stared through iron bars across a half mile of pines and marshland and dunes to the atlantic .
she absorbed her surroundings - the young pine forest across the street from the lakefront houses , the cul - de - sacs at each end , the road that dead - ended into shortleaf drive , the number of houses between cul - de - sacs ( eleven ) and that serene black lake .
the drone of the interstate reached her from beyond the field , a quarter mile distant , hidden behind a sliver of pines .
when i finally saw my mailbox in the distance and the tall pines that lined my old driveway like sentries , i pulled over onto the side of the road and turned off the engine .
stopping on the smooth blacktop , i inhaled the scent of pines and remembered walking up this drive with beth and walter ten decembers ago , placing luminarias in preparation for a christmas party .
sixty - four ended at the outer banks in the town of whalebone , and from there i glimpsed the bodie island lighthouse to the south poking up out of the pines .
glimpsing the ghost village through the pouring rain and the scrub pines flailing about in the wind like an army of lunatics , i filled with foreboding .
in the distance , rundown buildings of varying dilapidation teetered amid the scrub pines .
in the village i noticed the spire of a small church poking above the pines .
scrub pine instead of live oak .
we continued southward , the air now perfumed with wet pine and cold enough to cloud our breath .
a speck of orange light twinkled somewhere in the pines .
leaving the path , we struck out into the pines in search of the light .
we walked on , faster now between the pines , and for the first time that orange luminescence seemed closer .
all i could hear was the wind stirring the pines .
she watched the black creek , lined with marsh grass , meandering west between the pines .
not surprising - the inn was way out in the boonies , not another building for miles , and the tall pine trees obscured the moon and stars .
a breeze whistling through the pines .
she watches the beechcraft that brought her here lift off the ground , props screaming , and climb to clear the pines a quarter mile past the end of the runway .
they rode down from the pass and out of the pines into empty , arid country .
when they rounded the next hairpin curve , jack saw a corridor through the pines - not a road or a path , just a little space between the trees .
the violent jarring launched jack into the dashboard , something struck the undercarriage , and by the time he was back in his seat , nose pouring blood , dee had pulled the rover into a shady spot between several giant ponderosa pines .
jack turned over onto his right side , and he tried to listen for approaching footsteps but kept passing in and out of consciousness as the sun moved over the pines and made a play of light and shadow on his face .
through the pines , the pieces of sky held the rich blue of late afternoon .
the stars shone through the pines , and he was caught up in a fever dream - crawling toward a stream and dying of thirst , but every time he reached the water and cupped a handful to his mouth , it turned to ash and the wind took it .
the road had been cut into a mountainside and the pines exchanged for hardier , more alpine - looking evergreens and aspen in full color .
they went across the road and up into the trees - tall , straight pines that offered little in the way of shelter .
they sat down against one of the pines , and jack could instantly feel the difference in his legs from just a few hours of walking on pavement .
across the basin , a herd of elk grazed the edge of a lodgepole pine forest still recovering from a recent fire and interspersed with dead gray trees .
distant mountains peeked above the pine trees , and dee sat on the surface of the desk watching the light color them in , and she was still sitting there two and a half hours later when the woman named liz walked up the path to their cabin .
we came to a tree line , only to discover that it was a narrow band of pine , and we arrived on the other side to see a ribbon of trees stretching around the summit of a hill on either side .
the main compound was composed of lawns and sculpted hedges , great shady oaks , scotch pines , and trim maples , apple trees whose fruit dropped to the tops of the wall in late autumn or tumbled onto the grass .
he walked through the door , avoided looking at pine or even acknowledging him , and i knew pine was who kevin aspired to be .
he walked through the door , avoided looking at pine or even acknowledging him , and i knew pine was who kevin aspired to be .
but pine was all stillness and economy , while kevin was a walking exposed nerve , his pupils lit with a battery charge , the kind of guy who might shoot everyone in the place simply because the idea occurred to him .
` ` pine , '' freddy said .
jack blinked and kevin leaned forward on the table , and pine 's head turned slightly to look at him , and freddy acted like he had n't noticed any of it .
i reached into the inside pocket of my jacket for the photo of jason warren , and kevin 's hand dove into his jacket and jack leaned back in his chair and pine shifted slightly in his seat .
i turned my head , saw pine sitting on the hood of my car .
i 'd sat at a dinner table with three psychotics , four if you counted pine .
i want all principals on kenzie 's list '' -he ticked off on his fingers- '' hurlihy , rouse , constantine , pine , timpson , diandra warren , glynn , gault - reinterviewed and extensive , no , exhaustive checks run on their backgrounds to see if they ever crossed paths with arujo . ''
` ` it 's chrome and metal and rubber , pine , and it could n't mean less to me right now .
as pine walked out of the darkness , he unscrewed a silencer from his pistol , his gloved hand shrouded in smoke .
37 i did n't like the way pine stood over the elevator shaft with his eyes on phil as we descended .
as we neared the first floor pine said something to bubba , and bubba stuffed his hands in his trench coat pockets and shrugged .
you 're alive because he 's convinced pine that i 'll keep you in line .
but it 'd never come to that , phil , because if pine has any reason to worry , he 'll kill you and he 'll kill me and he 'll probably kill bubba , too . ''
as i came out of the hotel onto the walkway that curled through a garden of palm trees and incongruous australian pines , i saw angie sitting on the chaise , her hand over her eyes to block the sun , looking up at a young guy in an orange speedo so small that comparing it to a loincloth would probably be an insult to loincloths .
the road doglegged at the corner of the house and i followed it back through a stretch of pine to a converted barn .
a couple of years ago , bubba , a hit man named pine , myself , and phil dimassi had met jack rouse and his demented right hand , kevin hurlihy , in an abandoned bowling alley in the leather district .
when broussard turned off into a steep , sloping driveway that led up to a small brown cape , its windows obscured by shrubs and small trees , i kept going , drove until i 'd reached a crossroad where the road ended at a towering forest of pine .
as i neared broussard 's driveway , a tall , slim woman with long brown hair holding a child by the hand stepped out at the bottom from around a corner of thick pine .
but all i could see from here were woods , parched brambles grown brittle with heat , withered birches and knotty pines , crumbling moss the texture of asbestos .
dusk was settling into the bare treetops and the air smelled of pine and damp , decaying leaves .
there was a forest here , longleaf pines taller than joe had imagined a tree could get and smaller slash and pond pines , all rising from a thick warren of overgrown palmetto and briars and scrub oak .
there was a forest here , longleaf pines taller than joe had imagined a tree could get and smaller slash and pond pines , all rising from a thick warren of overgrown palmetto and briars and scrub oak .
a swamp lay off to their left through the pines .
this time they went sideways and the rear quarter panel on joe 's side slapped a pine sapling before they bounced back into the road .
esteban did , and they both stood in the scout car and looked out at the road and the pines and the cypress swamp beyond and the hard white sky that matched the road .
he pointed , and as he did she ran out from behind a stand of pines .
back in the pines , esteban drove southeast along the edge of the swamp , running parallel to the road , but not turning toward it yet .
he had sal drive him to the edge of the campgrounds the reverend ingalls was using that night , and he made his way down a thin dirt road between a small stand of pines until he reached the back of the crowd .
the abrupt sides of vast mountains were before me ; the icy wall of the glacier overhung me ; a few shattered pines were scattered around ; and the solemn silence of this glorious presence - chamber of imperial nature was broken only by the brawling waves , or the fall of some vast fragment , the thunder sound of the avalanche , or the cracking reverberated along the mountains of the accumulated ice , which , through the silent working of immutable laws , was ever and anon rent and torn , as if it had been but a plaything in their hands .
the pines are not tall or luxuriant , but they are sombre , and add an air of severity to the scene .
the stars shone at intervals , as the clouds passed from over them ; the dark pines rose before me , and every here and there a broken tree lay on the ground : it was a scene of wonderful solemnity , and stirred strange thoughts within me .
overhead , the thin moonlight was blotted out by the densely needled tops of the towering pines .
claire threw a nervous glance at the fire suddenly climbing the trunk of the tall pine .
claire 's breath misted the glass as she peered down from the window at the lifeless stretch of grass , pavement , and pines outside .
at midafternoon , the sun was already beginning its descent toward the tops of the brushy pines and the leafless oaks that covered the hilly forested region of the state .
` ` there , '' i muttered to zeke , pointing to the branches of an old pine tree .
she screamed , and i just barely processed the pine tree before the car slammed into it and the air bags blocked my vision .
the car had hit a pine tree , crushing the front , but obviously not severely enough to crush us as well .
we drove over the pine strewn road to a lot in the back , where ben must have told teren our reserved space was .
the sunlight hazily filtered through the massive limbs high in the air above us , and the distinctive smell of the pine trees , interspersed among the redwoods , hit my nose and made me smile .
i guess trevor still pines for luna , because he asked valentine how she was doing . ''
the beating wings created a swirling frenzy of leaves and twigs and pine needles , obliterating sight .
desari broke away from him to pace restlessly across the pine - strewn forest floor .
the moss beds wound their way around stands of birch and pine .
pine trees grew in abundance and some low branches partially dipped into the wide bog , so that needles floated on the surface along with the thick vegetation .
the air smelled fragrant with both pine and wildflowers .
the konocti harbor inn , famous for its food and concerts , was built on the edge of a large lake nestled in the mountains , cool and shaded by majestic pine trees .
instantly , two men and a woman from a cabin beside the river moved at his bidding to meet him in the shelter of a grove of pine and oak trees .
behind him the mountains rose steeply , covered thickly in pine and fir .
by the time he got there , half the compound was already gathered to admire the seven - foot pine .
in niko 's silence and concentration , something started to happen deep within the center of the pine .
he looked around him , at the borrowed darkhaven in the middle of a secluded forest , the cozy great room with its fireplace and soaring rafters and the enormous pine that stretched up toward them , fragrant with the evergreen scent of the outdoors .
lucan tilted his face up to glower at the pale gray wedge of a waning crescent moon peeking through the canopy of soaring pines overhead .
they scrambled to their feet , tavia laughing as chase tried to pull her to safety behind the trunk of a thick pine .
kellan shouted , leaping out from his cover in the pines .
jenna 's unearthly battle cry shook the spindly pines and basalt towers as she charged forward , through the curtain of thick black smoke and the bloodied carnage scattered on the ground .
dawn was rising , sending slivers of pale pink light down through the thick canopy of pines outside .
it was the only building on the forbidding crag of granite and tall pines .
later that morning we 'd had a storm that knocked down a big pine by the driveway so it was blocked .
i was trying to saw up the pine so your grandfather would be able to bring the truck back up the driveway .
ahead of him , not far in the distance , a broad granite hill bristling with pines swelled from out of the surrounding countryside .
the land surrounding it was impenetrable and forbidding , a natural perimeter wall made of soaring pines and thorn - spangled bracken .
up ahead of her on the moonlit ground , shadowed by the surrounding pines and shrubbery , was a large , dark form .
` ` it was in my grandfather 's quarters , on top of a dressing table he 'd made for my grandmother out of the surrounding pines .
opened them soundlessly and stepped outside to the cool summer night , scented by crisp northern air and dense pines .
a lush , somewhat overgrown lawn stretched from the side gate to the porch , and pencil pines lined the boundary .
` ` me too , '' he said meekly , opening his door to let in a gust of sunset - cooled wind smelling of pine and water .
` ` your hair is longer , '' ivy said as we crossed the paved lot to the low wood - slatted building snuggled in among the pines .
we 'd parked in the shade of a huge white pine between the road and the motel so i could set a circle without people running into it .
the wind stirred the dark pines surrounding the small graveyard so that it sounded like the whisperings of the dead .
the wind stirred the gums and pines scattered around us , and rattled the loose tin on the roof of the buildings just ahead .
at least the thick pines gave me some protection against an attack from above or behind a clawed paw the size of a spade swept through the air .
it flew awkwardly through the air and hit a nearby pine with enough force to shake needles loose .
nor could i use telepathy - if quinn could n't touch their minds , there was little chance i could wrapping the night around myself , i grabbed several stones and tossed them into the pines .
the only plants were scrubby pine trees and unidentifiable bushes , and the ground was a mix of damp sand and rocks .
in fact , everything felt better , and i felt almost ... perky , even though my mouth felt like i 'd just licked a pine tree .
he began leading her toward a forest of cypresses , oaks , and pines .
she felt like she 'd been benched , riding the pine like second string .
at the thought , he banged his head against a stalwart pine , cracking it , bloodying himself .
forest , pine and orange blossom .
having no money to play with , my attention wandered back to my original problem - who was the lover in my past that smelled of pine and springtime ?
a second later , air ran past my nose , filled with the scent of pine , underlain with the richness of sage .
she breathed deeply of air scented with spruce and lodgepole pine .
a gruff voice rumbled from behind a large lodgepole pine .
he gazed up a tall pine tree and zeroed in on a strong branch .
phil walked over to a thick pine with sturdy branches .
about a quarter of a mile away from his destination , he parked the mercedes in a stand of pines and got out .
the white farmhouse was nothing to write home to mom about , just a wilted structure next to a cornfield , surrounded by a ring of pines and bushes .
john matthew took form in a stand of pines and bushes along with xhex and qhuinn , and butch , v and rhage .
in a flash , they dematerialized , reassuming their forms in the stand of pines at the edge of the property .
pine grove cemetery was the kind of place you needed a map of , but when you were ether in the air , you could case a hundred acres in a heartbeat and a half .
as he looked out the car window , fluffy pine trees and budding oaks stood tall in the moonlight , the forest that ran around caldwell 's edges growing thicker as they traveled away from the city proper and its choking knot of population and buildings .
i used to think he was buried in pine grove cemetery .
up ahead some few hundred feet , he could see the faint glow of the mansion 's lights through the thick cover of snow - dusted pines .
they walked down a sloping ridge , into a stand of thin - trunked pines growing in tight formation .
she shrugged off her backpack and set it down on the ground beneath a tall pine tree .
with a bit of apprehension , she began the trudge upward , using the tight growth of pines and beech to help her over the roughest of the terrain .
dylan 's trail shoes padded wetly on the damp pine needles beneath her feet as she picked up the pace and located the mountain path she 'd been on the day before with her companions .
then she could walk down through the pine forests to pln .
the afternoon 's journey was downhill all the way , through dark pines on this side of the gorge .
it looked like a boulder that had spent centuries in the damp pine forests .
the lawn that stretched from the side gate to the porch was a rich carpet of green - so lush my feet suddenly itched with the need to run through it - and the pines that lined the boundary gave the whole property a feeling of isolation .
i paused in the shadow of a pine and listened intently .
the pines and gum trees seemed to close in , and the shadows thickened .
quinn sat two feet away , his expression thoughtful as he leaned back against the gnarled trunk of an old pine , his arms crossed across his chest and long legs stretched out in front of him .
he seemed little more than a shadow of the pine , even though the sun was still too low to cast such things this deep in the trees .
his steady breathing stirred the air , as did the scent of him , a weird mix of grease and earthy , heady pine .
` ` there 's an old pine leaning over the fence near the south corner .
in the tight confines of the room , alex caught the scent of arctic air and crisp pine , as well as something wilder that seemed to cling to him and made her senses come to full attention .
kade glanced over his shoulder , toward the thick knot of pine and spruce in the crouching darkness , feeling the wild summons coursing through his veins .
for a long moment , she remained there , listening to the wind as it blew through the boreal pines , her eyes closed on her tears as she remembered happy times with her husband and daughter .
i heard diego come out of the water just as i gripped the trunk of an overhanging pine and flipped myself over the cliff edge .
the black pine trees were showing hints of evergreen .
the house was a big , log cabincstyle affair , tucked into a hol ow in the pines with no sign of any neighbors for miles around .
about twenty - five - feet in diameter , it was surrounded by an interlocking circle of live oaks , pines and maples , their branches a tapestry against the night sky .
he squatted on his heels , putting his back against one of the large oaks growing so closely to the pines he was enclosed on three sides .
the wind kicked up , making the branches of the live oaks creak , the pines whisper secrets .
the sun was shining on the high cypress trees and the pines in the garden .
the pines were spiky and blue , not the tall , soft , grand ones the soft southern breeze whispers around .
saplings stung our legs as we pitched downhill through the wet night , and tall pines blocked whatever moonlight might have slipped between the clouds .
after that there was no sound but the whisper of the pines .
he knew he was doing the right thing when he smelled the resinous scent of pine .
he bent down , every movement as unconsciously and economically graceful as a panther 's , and picked up a small broken branch of what looked like ordinary virginia pine .
shrugging , as if to say , i did everything i could , damon lifted the shaggy pine rod - ` ` no , '' cried elena .
she glanced back to see damon standing at a distance with his virginia pine rod , but she could n't find anything unusual .
she would ignore the pain and get her bearings here , here where there was a remarkable tree , a massive white pine that had a huge hole in its center , big enough for bonnie to get into .
oaks and hickories , white pine and beech .
inside it , dozens of spruce , hickory , pine , and other trees grew - all from a perfectly transparent inner membrane .
the charming cabin was surrounded by the same evergreens , hickory , and pines as grew in the snow globe .
her handholds and footholds seemed to disappear all at once , and she only saved herself by a frantic - and painful - scrambling through serrated pine needles up to the grooved , dark bark .
just as she felt a last scream of fury welling up inside her like a snake climbing a pole , she had seen elena high above her in a white pine tree .
elena knew even as she turned that it was the white pine tree .
i 'd chosen pine not only because of its simplicity , but because i privately liked the idea of comparing myself to a pine tree : ever unchanging .
something inside her was opening up , and she felt hypersensitive to everything around her : the breeze through the trees , the chirp of the birds , the fresh morning smell of pines and maples .
the cold air hit me , but what did it matter look at the deep color of the sky , look at the high white clouds traveling to the west , look at the rich and beautiful green of the tall pine tree in the neighboring yard .
there were indeed some long thin pine saplings lying near by , stripped of all branches .
icy pines jutted up out of the ground forming towering spires .
the same storm - tossed trees and scent of pine .
she pictured the innocent face through the knotted pine .
she could still smell the summery tang of pine and loamy moss , nature 's scents smothered all too soon by that of blood and death .
he set her down in a leaf - strewn alcove between two towering pines .
tiny vines , shooting through the soil , running toward the twin pines on either side of her .
well over her head some eight feet , the vines leapt across the space between the pines .
the child was ushered to him once more , her footsteps resisting , stubborn heels digging into the old pine needles and sand that littered the small slope up from the dock .
he peered through the brushy pine branches , watching several of the house 's occupants as they passed a window on the ground floor .
keller 's eyes shifted to the huge and ancient pine tree the jeep was parked under .
it was a good , tall loblolly pine , whose drooping lower branches did n't look as if they could support a kitten .
it was too late and too dark to see much , but i liked the wind rustling through the trees , the cool scent of pines , and the owl hooting not so far away .
moonlight filtered down between the leaves of ivy , and lucas was close enough that i could recognize his scent - something that reminded me of cedar and pine , like the woods that surrounded us , as if he were somehow a part of this dark place .
lucas stared at his feet as we walked across a thick , soft carpet of brown pine needles .
as i watched , he jumped for the lowest branch of a nearby pine and grabbed it , hanging easily from the branches .
for an answer , i saw a primeval forest , with huge , majestic pines rising high into the sky , and ferns crowding everywhere .
the san gabriel mountains appeared in the north , and i followed the contour of the ridge - line , rising and falling with the peaks and valleys , just a few feet above the pines and snow - covered cornices .
i asked , finally spying the clump of boulders through the pines and spruces ahead .
granted , none were as big as the pines in the pacific northwest , but that was to be expected .
the air was infused with pine and juniper , scents i love .
it brought with it the forest scent of pine , out of place here in this desert .
the volley struck the sanguinist in the lead , nailing him to the large bole of an ancient black pine .
a dozen silver bolts had skewered him to a pine a few yards away .
erin followed his gaze to dark pines , to the silver trunks of lindens bared by fall , a lake turned copper , and the golden rays of light breaking through fog .
it was still spiked by crossbow bolts to the trunk of an ancient pine , like some druidic sacrifice .
17 december 19 , 1:04 p.m. cet castel gandolfo , italy erin gripped jordan 's arm as the helicopter sped toward a quaint stone village nestled among pines and olive groves next to a large lake .
nadia motioned jordan behind the thick bole of a pine for a private meeting .
farther to the left , a giant pine lit with golden balls stretched snow - dusted green branches toward the night sky .
the surrounding pines and shrubs teemed with new life .
a large parking lot flanked by a row of dense pine trees greeted me .
i jogged about a mile , keeping inside the row of pines that lined the highway , before stepping out onto the main road .
donovan caine lived in a modest cabin home in towering pines , one of ashland 's rustic - themed subdivisions .
stunted pine trees lined the curving driveway that led up to the house , not quite matching the subdivision 's boastful name .
several low hedges and growing pines dotted the landscape between the street and the cabin .
the blast of air flattened all the stunted pine trees in the yard before sweeping down the hill and rushing down the street like a miniature tornado .
i crouched behind a tall pine on the edge , and donovan squatted beside me .
i shrugged again and tied one end of the rope around the base of a nearby pine tree .
the only way i ' m leaving this land is when they cart me off in a pine box .
maples , pines , poplars , and more flanked me like soldiers .
a few birds rustled in the thick branches of the maple , elm , and pine trees over our heads , but our footsteps and movements were small and quiet enough for them to keep a silent watch on us , instead of fluttering up into the darkness and alerting whoever might be watching .
but with winter approaching , the leaves had already fallen , revealing the bony , fingerlike fragments of the trees , interspersed with the thick , green boughs of the pines and firs that stood up like rows of jagged , mossy green teeth among the bare maples and poplars .
a few small pine trees had sprung up in what i remembered to be the downstairs living room , while weeds and winter wildflowers wound like ribbons through the black , jagged cracks in the stone foundation .
a couple of small pine trees and rhododendron bushes had somehow managed to embed themselves in the top of the rocky shelf , giving him even more cover .
finn might have taken the primo spot at the front of the ridge beneath the pines , but a few scraggly rhododendron bushes clung to the far left side , along with a tangle of blackberry briars .
tall trees flanked the road , huge pines and dogwoods , still green despite the impending october .
tall pines rose straight and smooth like the masts of a gargantuan underground ship .
the vamp leaped onto the nearest pine and perched twelve feet off the ground , its body nearly perpendicular to the pine 's trunk .
the vamp leaped onto the nearest pine and perched twelve feet off the ground , its body nearly perpendicular to the pine 's trunk .
beyond the pines lay a sunlit glade , sectioned by neat rows of herbs .
i had a nice big pine to my left .
her hands spread before her , she stumbles on the corpses , searching blindly , grabbing the trunk of a pine for support , and calling , her voice barely above a whisper , ` ` megan !
finally it darted off onto a side road , under a canopy of tall pines .
chapter 31 tall pine trees rose like old gods from primordial soil .
past the pines a glade stretched , silver with moonlight .
the first two turns were easy enough ; the left was a tight squeeze between two pines .
human pine .
dense underbrush flanked the crumbling asphalt road , and past it tall ashes and poplars reached their way to the sky , vying for space with mast - straight pines .
ahead the ground leveled off , the undergrowth of fuzzy pines thick enough to provide good cover but thin enough to power through in a hurry .
i charged through the pines .
the pines were thick in places .
look for a tall white pine growing out of the base of the mountain and you 'll find it .
ray was secured to a massive pine tree on the other side .
he walked us out of the circle of pines , and as we passed through their protective branches , the foggy night air opened around us .
the road had stopped abruptly at the end of what appeared to be a solid wall of old growth pine forest .
rich pine boughs or salty ocean was my best guess , possibly with a hint of fresh rain .
it ran without stopping straight into a wall of densely packed pine trees .
pine trees grew in such rich abundance on the hillsides that the sacred hills looked black from a distance , thus giving them their name .
it was a colorful land - green with pines and red with shale and sandstone cliffs .
it was a wild and beautiful land painted in vivid hues , from the rusty reds and earth tones of the shale and sandstone cliffs to the deep green of the pines .
the hills were a magical place , filled with beauty and mystery , a vast expanse of pine - covered mountains with trees that were so dark a green that they looked black from a distance .
closing her eyes , she visualized the hills - an isolated mountain range that ran from south dakota to wyoming , a place of towering pines and craggy bluffs and clear , crystal streams and lakes .
tall pines grew close together near the compound , shielding the occupants from casual observers .
chapter 1 lake tahoe , nv kaitlyn sherrad rolled down the window of her baby blue porsche and stared up at the log cabin set alone in the midst of a cluster of tall pines .
della scanned the area , seeing only tall pines mixed with a few oaks and tons of thorny underbrush .
but she did n't check it until she got in the mix of trees - pines , a few oaks , a maple or two - away from steve 's line of vision .
with at least eight pines in the brush , and more surrounding her , rogues could be hiding .
he sat there with his right hand on the clutch , revving the engine of his motorcycle and speeding up route 22 on his way to visit his twin brother , hunter , at the mount pines preparatory school in the catskill mountains .
as benji was stopped at a red light , right outside of the mount pines campus , he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket .
hunter was always dressed immaculately , he wore a suite and tie with a crisp white collared shirt- ` ` mount pines est .
as benji drove out of the long windy driveway of mount pines , the sky opened up , and it began to pour .
many hung at the family castle , but he kept some of his favorites for his dorm room at mount pines .
hunter knew the powers that violet had , and he knew she was backed by the greslins , an evil pack of vampires that lived at mount pines .
she looked up and saw the braches of the tall pine trees that lined the driveway .
he was excited because it was the day of the fall social at mount pines .
she was a very nice girl , and popular among the female vampires at mount pines .
it was much different than day school , or public school , where hot lunch was disgusting and not cool ; it was actually good at mount pines , and all the kids enjoyed it .
she looked by the pine tree , but he was n't there .
the small pine they hit snapped in half , the jagged piece of it scraped down devon 's back and ripped into his skin .
nothing grew beneath the high bows of the pines shadowing the forest floor .
she hated to interrupt their dinner plans , but ... she lunged from the covering of a pine tree , the needles brushing over her cheek , her stake raised .
` ` it 's too dark , '' victoria said , peering up at a particularly overbearing pine that obliterated every bit of residual light from the moon .
the bushes that had rustled were part of a large clump of pines and holly oaks that grew in a thick cluster close to the tomb , casting the area in wide shadow .
dumpsters and storage trailers lay ahead , before a few large box containers , and then some scrub brush and hardy , gray , wind - whipped pine trees , their branches full of snagged trash .
i do n't think pines have electrical outlets . ''
they 're the new , improved pines , '' sali declared .
` ` yeah , wi - fi pines .
` ` well , i ' ve heard of singing pines , '' ashe said .
` ` yeah , you do n't want to talk to the plants - the pines play disco , '' ashe said , sending sali into a snorting fit of laughter .
visions of tall pines i would have to mist through to avoid mutilation came to mind .
i hovered around a stand of pines waiting for things to get started , trying to pick lester and bart out of the crowd .
it was difficult , climbing a tall pine tree with a fully - grown man over my shoulder , but i did it .
haggard best described how weldon looked as he shuddered slightly and gripped the trunk of the pine .
weldon was about twenty feet above the ground in a huge pine and pretty well hidden .
` ` it 's not every day i carry naked men up and down tall pines , just so we can avoid a pack of rabid wolves . ''
i call , closing the door and heading for the stairs and the sanctity of my room , inside which no pine sol is allowed .
the rental , more wel -appointed than either of our cars , smel s faintly of pine and strangers .
if i help him , i could end up riding the pine this season , and if i do n't help boy21 acclimate to bellmont , i 'd be disobeying coach for the first time in my life .
i lay on my stomach on the floor , with my head tucked under the lowest branches of the fat white pine , just as i always had .
after nine more hours of hell , we turned onto a winding road lined with towering pines and spruce trees so thick it reminded me of a christmas tree farm .
as i opened the balcony door , the breezy perfume of pine and earthy rich soil filled me .
some were ancient - looking pines , and others looked like oak and maple , but i could never tell the difference between them .
inhaling the scent of pine and soil , i forced my body to phase .
i would never forget the pond and the trees and the smell of honeysuckle and pine .
unfortunately , the night air and smell of honeysuckle and pine was eclipsed by the more terrifying event afterwards .
i had n't said anything , but mom had known that giovanni deserved no part in this - it was just her and me , taking out the palm - sized rocking chair that my great - grandmother had made for my mother 's doll house and dangling it from a bow , then taking the worn - out washcloth from when i was a baby , its lion face still peering through the cartoon woods , and balancing it on the pine .
they still loom , gloomy and vacant , behind thick stands of ancient pine trees .
and then another image : more growth , a narrow river winding between the pine trees and willows .
i desperately tried to focus on the spinning blur of pines and oaks .
a pine near one of the turns had fallen against a few other trees , reminding joanna of a drunken girl propped up by her friends at the end of a long night .
there were three patios , a sunroom , and a pool out back , and the whole thing was surrounded by thick , shapely pines and an elegant garden .
catherine chose to plant japanese maples in their front yard , instead of run - of - the - mill sequoias or pines , trying to make their little split - level just on the outskirts of the main line stand out .
i shoved helplessly through the brittle pine trees , leafless branches clawing at my flesh .
the soft pink glow of the sunlight spilled over the snowy mountains , kissing at the tips of the pine trees .
as i was plucking a piece of a dead pine needle out of my hair , i heard a branch snap from behind me .
steep mountains and pine trees everywhere .
` ` you know , things were never supposed to come to this , '' stephan said , jolting me to the side as he swerved around a dead pine tree .
the lush green faded , giving way to rich , warm hues scattered among the tall pine trees .
there were n't any other houses near this one , and other than the forest full of pines , the land was empty .
the white stuff blanketed the limbs on the pines , weighing them down .
one of the pines just came down , hitting the power lines . ''
a giant pine had snapped in half , a black silhouette against the snow .
my arms pumped at my sides as i pushed my way through the thick underbrush and dense pines .
` ` are you positive that this- '' i reached out for a piece of pine , my blood still on the bark .
ridges of mountains surrounded me , and everywhere there was snow and rocks and big pine trees heavy with needles .
the wind rustles the fragrant pine trees .
at night , with the fireflies lighting up the trees in gold , and the fragrance of warm , musky pine overwhelming the air , it 's not hard to trick my mind into believing i ' ve transported myself into a completely different century .
i 'd gone to spinning classes and zumba at the gym with vee , but out in the clean air , saturated with the smells of pine and dewy tree bark , i decided that hands down , i preferred sweating outdoors .
the view in all directions was unfettered , nothing but pine trees and mountains , like a giant postcard advertising oregon !
oberon 's gaze followed me as i took a few steps forward , grabbing the boughs of a small pine as i stared into the night .
when it was done , no trace of the winter prince stood in the spot beneath the pines .
two figures circled each other beneath the branches of a silver pine , a pair of swords held in front of them .
grateful for the interruption , i hurried to where the faery waited for us beneath the branches of a large pine by the side of the road .
stopping beneath a thick pine , he pushed his fingers into empty air and parted the real world like a curtain , revealing the darkness of the between through the gap .
when orsino pines for the cool olivia , i feel that pang in my gut from all the times i ' ve crushed on guys i was invisible to .
chapter two i perch my arms on the cold windowsill and watch the snowflakes fall from the dark sky and settle on the side of the mountain , which is dotted with pine , cork oak , and beech trees , with patches of craggy rock mixed throughout .
the night air is cool and fresh , carrying a scent of pine , and the wind on my face brings me instantly back to life .
the fresh air carries hints of pine .
the noise came from a patch of pines , thick with needles and offering excellent cover .
he 's wearing a strange little smile as we move towards the pines , ready to destroy whatever emerges .
the pines rustle again , and one of the lower branches moves .
the sky was clear and the air carried a light musky scent mingled with pine .
i broke off a pine bough and swept the ground of any signs of the mortal struggle that took place there .
the wind whistled in the bowed heads of the spruce and pine .
we were out of breath and near the end of all endurance when we reached the spot over which the scavengers patrolled - a towering white pine , upon whose upper branches several of their fellows perched , as serene as church deacons clustered about their afternoon repast .
the skin of the pine was slick , the branches thick toward the bottom but tapering as i rose .
there definitely was n't much to smile about in fresh pines mobile park .
the betting slips blew all the way to fresh pines mobile park , carried on the soles of muddy boots , snatched up by the metal underbelly of passing trucks before escaping on the wind .
of course that meant she 'd still be stuck in carp , but at least she 'd be out of fresh pines mobile park .
it showed she was growing up okay , the way that everyone else did - that maybe she would n't be messed up just because she 'd grown up in fresh pines with ants parading all over the spoons and krista fumigating the house .
the road leading to fresh pines was full of ruts , sucking black mud , deep water .
she kept seeing the little figure huddled underneath the pathetic birch , practically the single tree that fresh pines boasted .
she did n't open her eyes until they were just bouncing out of the entrance to the pines and onto route 22 .
as soon as heather saw the sign for fresh pines mobile park , she felt like her stomach might drop out her butt .
away from the too - close smells of beer and old cigarettes and other people 's breath ; far away from fresh pines , where she had never intended to return in the first place .
she unrolled her window a little , inhaling the smell of pine and climber moss .
she 'd get kicked out of anne 's house ; they 'd have to move back to fresh pines or go on the run .
she was seized with a sudden and irrational fear that anne had taken lily back to fresh pines .
when waking up in fresh pines to the usual explosion of sounds - cars backfiring , people yelling , doors banging and dogs barking and loud music - she had dreamed of just this kind of home , where mornings were quiet and mothers did dishes and got up early and then yelled at you to get up .
funny how in such a short time , anne 's house had become more like home than fresh pines had ever been .
the longer she stayed away from fresh pines , the more certain she became : she would never , ever go back there .
it was warm and bright and , if it were n't for the trees that had already changed - deep reds and oranges interspersed with the deep green of the pines - it might have been the beginning of summer .
soon krista would get out of her thirty - day program , and then heather and lily might have to return to fresh pines , at least temporarily .
it was full of lush , tall pines , acres of rustic family - run farms , and the cutest foxes and bunnies .
the property was set back from the road , so the driveway was half a mile long and surrounded by tall , thick pines .
suddenly , sean darted through the pines .
the woods smelled like pine and something else ... perhaps a cigarette .
out the windows , she saw the big , distinctive pine trees that lined the center island of the street ali and spencer lived on .
then aria looked at klaudia , who was pointedly faced the opposite direction , staring at the pines .
her head was down , her shoulders hunched , and , after a moment , ali was sure she heard a low , uncontrolled sob emanating from the pines .
it was partially obscured by tall elms and pines , but the streetlight illuminated it just enough for them to see its vague outline .
outside , the world was maddeningly impassive to her panic - the birds chirped , the pines swayed , a woman walked by with a baby carriage , talking on her cell phone .
the pine trees cast lumpy shadows across the tennis court .
and sure enough , a blue police siren was now flashing against the far - off pines .
she pretended to be really interested in a bunch of tiny pine trees the gardeners had just planted .
the hastingses ' windmill slowly rotated in the breeze , and a group of squirrels began fighting near a large pine .
and just like that , a squirrel scampered up the pine , all the way to the top .
between fourth and fifth grades , her parents had sent her to camp long pines , a sleepaway bible camp .
she watched isaac disappear into the thick pine forest , in search of his snow tube .
the yard was empty , the pine trees forming a thick barrier between the house and the road .
the scent of pine and early summer flowers wafted in from outside .
a massive , fifteen - foot scotch pine christmas tree dominated the space , trimmed with exquisite , delicate - looking ornaments .
when mal finally stopped , we were high up the mountain , hidden from view by an enormous outcropping of rock and a few scraggly pines .
the dense pines gave way to sparse birchwood forests and then to long stretches of grazing land .
eventually , the meadow gave way to groves of thin silver birches and dense clusters of pines , their branches laden with snow .
i looked into the stag 's dark eyes and knew the feel of the earth beneath his steady hooves , the smell of pine in his nostrils , the powerful beat of his heart .
i smelled the pines , felt the chill air on my cheeks .
but most impressive was the centerpiece that ran the length of the table : a living miniature forest rendered in elaborate detail , complete with groves of tiny pines , a climbing trumpet vine with blossoms no bigger than a fingernail , and a little hut that hid the salt cellar .
okay , do n't tell anyone but once a month , i volunteer at shady pine 's retirement community and play cards and games with the older residents who do n't have much family . ''
chapter 27 a shove in the dark as the car climbed higher up mount lemmon , the cacti gave way to deciduous pine trees , and the air thinned .
she knew the chill bite beneath it , knew the hint it carried of pine and snow , knew the mountains from which it hailed .
at the sound of the word , she saw a land of pine and snow , of sun - bleached cliffs and white - capped seas , a land where light was swallowed in the velvety green of bumps and hollows - a land that she had forgotten .
we ' ve climbed steadily and watched the oak trees turn into pines .
we find a place to burrow together in the shelter of a pine tree , hidden beneath branches that look timeless .
with the pine trees towering over them , it was growing dark already , though night was still a good hour off .
her senses were filled with the trickle of the creek and the smell of pine in the air .
he wondered if the luster had muddled him , or if it 'd just been the pine messing with his sense .
at dusk they emerged from a dense grove of pines to a rugged basin .
she appeared beneath the pines suddenly , like she 'd fractioned into a realm .
cone pine , though all he saw were spruces .
with his good hand , he swept aside the dry pine needles and scooped up a handful of dirt .
the arrow bit into the pine with a crack .
a perfect song for a cool night on a roof surrounded by pines .
scanning the woods for a sturdy tree where they could shelter , perry saw only pines with high , slender branches .
he spotted a wooden shack set up in the branches of the massive pine .
` ` the lodgepole pine . ''
` ` it looks like the lodgepole pine is found exclusively in the rocky mountains and the northwestern coast of the u.s . and canada .
i examine the picture of the pine tree , suddenly imagining the branches in flames .
at the moment i ' m driving through a forest made up entirely of lodgepole pines .
i follow mom 's car as she turns down a freshly plowed driveway and makes her way slowly through a forest of lodgepole pine , birch , and aspen trees , until we reach a clearing where our new house poses on a small rise .
it 's the same as always : the pines and aspens , the heat , the approaching flames , christian standing with his back turned watching it .
the truck whizzes past lodgepole pines on both sides of the road , aspens here and there that are beginning to turn colors .
outside we 're met by a scene that seems straight out of those bad acid trips you see in the movies : the stanford marching band in what appears to be mostly their underwear and glow - in - the - dark necklaces and bracelets and stuff , rocking their respective instruments , trumpets blaring , drums beating , cymbals crashing , the school mascot in his big green pine tree costume zooming around like a crazy man , a bunch of half - dressed , partially glowing students jumping and bumping and whooping and laughing .
i start to imagine our place in jackson , only a few miles from here , the aspen tree in the front yard , the wind in the pines , the sense of well - being and warmth that i always associate with our house , the squirrels staking out their territory in the trees , chattering , the birds flitting from branch to branch .
the lake 's so clear that it makes a perfect reflection of the tetons on the water , the pink - tinged sky behind them , the lodgepole pines along the opposing shore .
and you especially needed to be polite to said douchebag when he happened to be the nephew of saylor stark , president of the pine grove junior league ; head of the pine grove betterment society ; chairwoman of the grove academy school board ; and , most importantly , organizer of pine grove 's annual cotillion .
and you especially needed to be polite to said douchebag when he happened to be the nephew of saylor stark , president of the pine grove junior league ; head of the pine grove betterment society ; chairwoman of the grove academy school board ; and , most importantly , organizer of pine grove 's annual cotillion .
he 'd lived in pine grove practically his whole life , and not only that , he lived with his aunt saylor in one of the nicest houses in town .
whatever saylor had done to the lady who 'd run cotillion before , or the former head of the pine grove betterment society , she 'd done it to mary beth , too .
it was n't actually an antebellum house - they 'd built the place in the 30s - but it was still a pretty exact replica of the big places that had once filled pine grove .
the theater took up one whole side of the square ; the other three sides were taken up with little boutiques , miss annemarie 's , the jewelry store , and pine grove 's sad attempt at a coffee shop , the dixie bean .
the pine grove betterment society , led by saylor , had raised the money for it about five years back .
a bronze plaque on the fence said that the garden had been planted by the pine grove betterment society just last year .
not caring who saw me dashing through downtown pine grove wielding a damn stake , i took off after her .
he ca n't remember much after dropping off the wall except the sharp pain in his wrist , then lying in the leaves and pine needles , certain that this was what dying felt like .
now , as he moves through the dense pine forest , fifteen hundred miles away from the cushy town house in dc , he wonders what roberta must be doing .
does romeo pine for juliet ?
he followed the fox up a hill and down another ( down was harder than up for odd , in the snow , with one bad foot and a crutch , and several times he fell ) and then halfway up another , to a place where a dead pine tree stuck out from the hill like a rotten tooth .
a silver birch tree grew close beside the dead pine .
an enormous brown bear had its front paw caught in the hollow of the pine tree .
in order to get at the pine tree hollow , the bear had leaned its weight against the birch tree , bending it down and moving it out of the way .
odd unhooked his axe from his belt and walked around the pine tree .
the birch tree tipped and fell away from the bear , who blinked and pulled its paw from the hollow in the pine tree .
when they had finished eating , the fox went to sleep beside the fire , and the eagle flapped heavily off into a dead pine to sleep .
the last time it got loose , it took over half the rocky mountains and created a whole army of pines before we got it back .
at least the air i was so heavily breathing in carried hints of pine and wildflowers , the rot all gone .
i jumped fast into an old pine tree .
i was in new york city almost the whole time , with some little hop - overs to atlantic city , one trip up to saratoga , one to the pines on fire island , and that was it .
i myself was higher than a georgia pine , but it was nothing i could n't handle .
` ` i did n't ... '' i stare across to the farthest , snowy reach of the cemetery , bordered by pines .
the little pines by the base will give us extra protection .
the metallic smell of granite dominated the cool , thin air , although they could still detect a hint of pine .
he moved along a slope populated by tall pines shrouded in white , his breath pluming frostily with every exhalation .
the charm woman led rachel out of the cave and over to a little pine .
rachel felt acutely aware of the smell of the rocks and soil beneath her , the scent of the little pine beside her .
toward the center of the island , drake brought them to a clearing ringed by tall pines with scaly bark .
a pulse beat against her , nipping , smelling of snow and pine .
celaena pulled the too - light body out of the stream , laying it on the brown pine needles .
she blinked , focusing on her breathing , until she was no longer in that beautiful , jewel box - like room , until the scent of the pine and snow on the northern wind had vanished and she could see the morning mist weaving through the canopy of leaves above her .
she did n't open her eyes , but she breathed in the smell of him , the pine and snow , and her pain settled a bit .
she found him standing with crossed arms against a gnarled pine .
the scent of pine and snow wrapped around her , and she turned to find rowan standing against a nearby tree .
far below , the moss river sparkled with sun dazzle , a glittering ribbon that wound through a deep valley of leafless hardwoods , silver - blue spruce , and the darker green of dense hemlock and feathery white pine .
a trio of crows grated to one another in the pines , and a hawk carved a lazy spiral against the sky .
the space between them was clotted with brush and gnarly pines jutting at weird angles .
the chute was forty , fifty feet farther on , but there was a scrub pine corkscrewing out of the mountain only twenty feet away ; she could grab that .
kicking the toes of her boots into the mountain , alex dug in with her knees , then hooked on to the pine with her left hand .
it had gotten even colder , the canopy of high , dense pines trapping the chill .
she managed to coax the kid into chewing the moist inner bark of a thin twig of white pine : it tastes like a sugar lemon drop , ellie .
the gap in the trees was as big around as a house , and she stood in the center , her head back and her left hand raised to block out the indirect light of the moon leaking from behind a veil of pine .
there was ellie 's distinctive scent , and there was also the forest itself and its welter of aromas : the sharp turpentine of pine and the dry spice of dead leaves .
she waited until she was sure she was n't going to pass out and then made her way to the frame of boughs she 'd constructed at the base of a white pine .
she was so eager , she hauled back a small dead pine - the whole bloody tree , as aunt hannah would ' ve said .
her eyes snagged on something blue protruding on a stick from the snow about ten feet ahead , to the right of the trail at the base of a spindly pine .
might be useful if she got close enough to- her thoughts derailed as the air suddenly thickened , and another odor , a complex pop of fresh sap cooked with green pine , wormed into that roadkill reek .
off to her right , the two remaining horses were dark blurs in a clutch of hemlock and pine .
mellie waited until they were behind a thicket of denuded scrub oak and a lonely jack pine .
the trail they followed was a line of utility poles erected down a narrow stripe of clear - cut hemmed by a thick tangle of hardwood and pine on either side .
and forget those wildly popular novels where the heroine muses on how raw pine would do in a pinch .
on the other hand , since rose hips and pine had loads of vitamin c , she would n't die of scurvy .
she poked at the pine , moving very slowly , all too aware of acne 's glittery stare and the urgent , raw fog of his hunger and just how closely his mossberg tracked her .
that stuff only happened in the same books where the heroine scarfed down raw white pine .
then he spied a knotty red pine to the right .
she propped her back against a knotty red pine .
all she got , however , was the copper of her blood , pine , snow , the evanescent coil of the wolfdog .
to the left and behind the oak was the corkscrew of a red pine .
she stifled a moan of disappointment as the man , no fool , faded behind a neighboring pine .
the sparse pines on this plateau were torches .
when she shifted , a spiky pine bough broke with a crispy crinkle .
the scent was faint , the way wood like cedar or pine smells , its fragrance essential rather than applied .
i nearly drove by ben 's fish and tackle , a nondescript building mostly hidden by scrubby pines .
but every tree here was either a skinny pine or a massive oak - no branches for twenty or fifty feet .
it was all scrubby pines and flat houses and rocks stacked randomly and lakes suddenly glinting behind trees .
now , the pines stretched up so high on either side of the road that it felt like i was tunneling to the middle of the world .
koenig gave the wire a tug ; it remained snugly pinned to the ragged bark of the pine .
i had never seen pines this tall in mercy falls .
one pine slanted close to the top of the outcropping and grace dragged her fingers along its trunk , her face wondering .
the afternoon light was coming in strong and low through the pine trees ; i had to blink and look the other way .
it was so small that i could stand in the middle and stretch my arms out to either side and touch a birch tree with one palm and brush the branches of a pine with the other , and i did .
we wolves ran through the sparse pine trees , our paws light on ground damp with the memory of snow .
a lot of pines and some kind of straight - up - and - down , gray - barked trees that i did n't know .
here the trees were sparser , new saplings discouraged by the presence of the massive pine trees .
underneath the dull green of the pines , i wrapped my arms around myself , cold without the sun on me .
to my left side , i saw a flash of movement : a brown - gray coat , the same color as the trunks of the pine trees .
surrounded by wolves , i sat on the forest floor as the sun sank in the sky and the shadows of the pines grew , and i wondered how much time i had .
rounding a pine tree , i came upon the source : three wolves .
the slow , rippling edge of the water , thin pines growing sparsely in the poor soil , the lake stretching forever in both directions .
remembering how vulnerable i was in my human form , i whirled around and sniffed the air , scanning the surrounding pines for signs of life .
when sam cracked his door open , the sweet smell of the pines that stood guard around the yard filled my nostrils .
the pines were colorless with the promise of snow , their tips waving slightly in a cold wind that i could n't feel down below the branches .
the hair on the back of my neck tingled uncomfortably ; the stark pine woods reeked of wolf .
chapter fifty - one grace 38of sleet danced off my windshield as i turned down the culpepers ' driveway , and the pines seemed to swallow the headlights .
from between the stark black pines , another wolf emerged , head low and cautious , snow dusted over his ruff .
i breathed a deep breath , inhaling the scent of the pine trees that surrounded us here in the mountains .
jagged rocks , pine trees , multi - colored layers of shale and resplendent greenery covered the hillsides .
the woods smelled fresh and pungent , the scent of the pine trees closest to him by far the strongest .
unable to fight the urge to look , tick stopped , put his hand against a pine tree , and turned around .
huge trees - mostly pine - towered above him , their branches heavily laden with the puffy white stuff .
his senses had heightened , almost unbearably so ; the smells of mud and pine , the feel of the breeze , every sound amplified tenfold , the crisp clarity of his vision .
the power hit her , twisting her body up into the air and back down to the mud where she slid thirty feet and smacked into the base of a tall pine .
the street ended at a wall of scrub pines and ricky hung a sharp left into my grandfather 's driveway .
a world of oak and yew , pine and thorn , it seemed to go on forever .
he came to perch in a pine above pickle 's gander , the smallest of the three hamlets on the sills .
twenty magpie lay outstretched on her belly on a pine bough above issrin ev .
she hung in the air and looked down , and then , through shadow and pine bough , suddenly she saw eyes peering up at her .
she was just rising on her wings to return to never nigh when the crows plunged through the pines , caught sight of her , and began to caw .
among the encircling pine trees rathersting faeries were arriving from across the deeps , and with them came the hamlet clans of east mirth and pickle 's gander , drawn by the great noise .
to the right the ground dropped off into a dense thicket of wild blackberry bushes and scrub pine .
then we were in the woods , plunging into the pines and oaks and maples , through thick undergrowth and hanging vines , and if we were following a path or trail , i could n't see it - but i did n't see much because half the time my eyes were closed .
i looked down between my dangling feet and saw a sea of white , churning rivulets of mist weaving between the glistening brown trunks of the pine trees below .
the giant pine tree branches overhead were starting to sway as if a lazy breeze ran through them .
1 karate gone bad she laid the guitar case on the smooth tree stump among the pines and cried , knowing only the trees would hear .
one more turn through thick pine trees and the promise was revealed .
now that she was on the porch she could see a dozen small cabins nestled in the pines at the side of the lodge .
behind that fat pine ?
missy ran to the base of the fat pine tree and circled it .
imagine towering rocks , pine trees , streams , and cool green grass .
i was jealous since from my window , i could only see pine trees and granite slabs .
i look out and see a neat cabin bordered by looming pine and spruce .
gabe pulls us off the main trail , following small veins of beaten dirt through thick hedges of spruce and pine .
instead , i feint in and out of the shaggy pine trees lining the road and feel the cool rain sliding down my back .
ed wyscouski had not spent a winter in red pine in years .
red pine was a small town and that job was about the only one that was decent , so billy did nt have any choice .
the snow was coming down even heavier , but the temperature was not as cold as he was used to in red pine , and there was no wind .
you still up there in red pine ?
you re from red pine ?
i m red pines criminal of the century , and i do nt relish the notoriety other than all that , how are you doing ?
red pine will never be the same , she s right .
she remembered reading about forests that changed color throughout the year , but in the mountains , the pines did nt change , always present , always the same .
pine trees surrounded her , and off in the distance she could make out the beginnings of an early morning sun lighting up the sky with a cold illumination .
the sky was pale white overhead , the overcast light forming around the boughs of the pines as they swayed back and forth with the winds .
they saw ruins of deserted villages , burned out factory buildings , roads that were overgrown by the surrounding vegetation with only patches of concrete visible but , on the other hand , the blue clear lakes were glistering in the sun like seas of sparkling diamonds and the mighty pine trees stretched their branches high into the heavens .
he let go of the door handle and while he was plummeting in free fall towards the pine trees below , the mountain ridge echoed back the exclamation mark to his life , geronimooooo ! ! !
nothing is more beautiful than a wet snowfall , with the pines around the shoreline laden with snow .
on the other side of the lake , the ground sloped up gently with a mixed conifer forest of spruce , pine and fir with a few stands of deciduous maples and quaking aspen that came nearly to the waters edge , with small clearings of meadow grass visible here and there .
he took a deep breath and exhaled slowly , enjoying the feeling of such incredibly clean air , and the fragrances from the pine trees and wild flowers that surrounded him .
sharianna stepped behind the trunk of a large pine tree and watched , her heart pounding .
its only a squirrel , he teased , as he stood watching percy tree the squirrel in a nearby pine tree .
we were hot and hungry , so the whole club settled into a nice shady spot on a stacked stone wall under a thick set of longleaf pines .
i was too busy running through a pine thicket and trying not to pee in my pants .
chopping through some dense thicket , we were making our way to a stand of pines when toby spotted something .
twenty yards away was a large white pine with all the limbs on one side sheared off from the top down .
seka hands joe a satin - smooth , knobbed walking stick before jogging up a steep hill through a dense forest of tall , scarred white pine and hemlock .
my heart pines .
how silver is the starlight on the tops of the pines ?
the oaks and maples , pecans , and river birches have changed over to pines .
he fell like a fallen pine .
three hours later , the young gypsy boy , conor , slipped silently down from the tall pine that hung over the little encampment and carefully picked his way through the woods past the two sleeping men on guard duty .
chapter three jessica drove us through bastrop , one of texas oldest cities , and without having to be told , she cut across to highway 21 and on east and north through the lost pines region .
the pines were tall , black sentinels against a starry sky , crowding the divided highway through the rolling hills .
i had read somewhere that perhaps a million or more years back the lost pines was part of one vast forest stretching across central and east texas .
after ten more miles we left the last pine tree behind us and moved on .
the same is decidedly true for the two areas that i describe in this book , namely : caddo lake and the lost pines region .
while i very briefly touched upon the lost pines in this book , i intend to amend that in the future .
sadly , the lost pines was devastated by a wildfire in early september 2011 .
the text here regarding the lost pines was written years prior to the fire .
for this author , losing the lost pines was very much like losing a very dear friend .
there were no ancient and gargantuan pine trees , no pine needles crunching like soft powder beneath my feet , and no one dressed indian fashion , authentic or not .
still panting heavily , dub ambled over to a lonesome pine tree and plopped down on a soft bed of needles .
we covered a lot of ground in about fifteen minutes , walking down a rocky narrow trail through a thick forest of leafy oak trees and tall pines in the scorching heat .
chapter fourteen the flickering yellow flame from the burning pine knot cast dancing shadows on the limestone rock walls as i walked toward the waterfall .
i hunkered down and held the pine knot out in front of me when i heard the sound of the waterfall up ahead .
seconds later i saw the flames of a burning pine knot and the next thing i saw was dubs face .
dub chiseled the name lucky on a big flat limestone rock and laid it at the head of the grave under a tall pine tree .
the pair walked to the southwest corner , squatting next to a row of thin pine trees .
further up the road was the town green , its centerpiece the tallest and oldest pine on the island .
white pine .
for example , yellow pine and live oak and cypress reveal a ship built in the southern colonies .
like a silent sentinel looming above the freshly mowed grass was the town pine .
the captain had raised his head to stare up at the tall pine that dominated the green .
when the two stood , the captain turned again and raised his head toward the top of the tall pine .
there were probably more than a hundred people scattered throughout the green , on blankets and in lawn chairs , all situated so the tall pine in the middle did nt block their view .
he parked under a tree , though technically along this road everywhere was under a tree ; the great big oaks , birches , elms , and pines all pulled up , right against the road , forming a thick canopy above .
in the distance , on the far side of several pine trees i could just make out the line of a raised roadway .
with no readily apparent defensible positions i settled for stepping off the road and backing against the trunk of a larger pine .
it was nt far enough by any means , at least not by my reckoning , but after another fifty or so paces down the far side of the slope we came to a rocky outcropping , barren except for some mosses and one small pine struggling to grow in a narrow crack .
there was a collective scream of terror as the ponderous rocket teetered precariously on its titanium launch pad threatening to crash headlong on the gathered germans like a great , iron pine tree .
they had quickly disappeared into the thick brush , a typical west coast mixture of arbutus , pine and sumac .
crafted birds seemed animated to flight , escaping from their prisons of pine and oak .
chapter xi the klein home was airy and smelled faintly of pines .
the thick pine trees they ve seen all day had finally began to disperse slightly and alex knew they were about halfway there .
it was almost completely hidden between two large pine trees and a large shrub .
by sunset of the next day , the great green pines of trowheim were behind them .
to the eastwhere gunnar planned to go , were the hundreds of caves , obscured by a dense pine forest full of game .
snow lay on the ground and on the boughs of the pines .
directly in front of him , towering above the dark pines , was an impossibly tall , snowy peak .
in the distance were two humanoid figures , leaning against the trunk of a pine .
a great wooden wall blocked all inward passage but the pines were tall enough to stretch above it .
the wolves walked through a veil of snowy black pines , and entered an ice cave .
they reached the bottom , and , despite their exhaustion , continued through the black pines .
around noon , they began an ascent up steep switchbacks and , after a ride that exhausted both horses and riders , reached the rocky upland area of badelgard densely covered in spruces , firs , and pines .
a handful of wide pines were in the distance of the meadow .
from deep within came a sideways flash of blinding light , one that whipped out and struck the heart of a distant pine - the echoing blast of thunder and crunching wood startled everyone , especially the horses .
the view was blocked by plum upon plum of black cannon smoke and , when it cleared , henri saw that the struck pine was on fire .
alright , well there was a huge stand of hardwoods and pines towards the west ; some old , outdated , rusty oil pumps off in the distance to the north and oh yeah , an old shed - looking building ; a highway a couple of miles toward the south , and there was a pond .
on the spot where the large cow pasture and old oil wells will be in the future , now an immense forest of primeval hardwood and pine trees intermingled with an abundance of mesquite flourished .
seeking the mission as the three neared the hardwood , pine and mesquite trees growing close to what would later become the double pond lake captain scarburg could see the smoke he earlier saw was coming from fires burning around an encampment of indians ; although not versed in the indian culture these were comanches he supposed based on the information from mike .
both he and his sister were named after things that grew in the mountains : esania , a lily , that she might grow lovely and sweet , and hetarth , a pine , that he might grow tall and strong .
landon took it as a matter of courseit was quite tame compared to the bonfire shed made of a pine earlier , but elaina was intrigued .
elaina took it with a sniff and tossed it over a pine bough .
they slept under the low - sweeping boughs of tall , heavy pine trees .
elaina crawled a little ways around the trunk of the pine before flopping on her side .
just as she was about to ask landon what people in cities did about thathe had gone back to the boulder and was absentmindedly picking apart a pine coneshe swung the glass around to follow hetarth through the gates .
` ` there 's a house there , '' he said and pointed to a tilted little structure tucked into the last stubborn stand of pines .
cade ducked under the low sweeping boughs of a pine and was disappointed to see there was no clearing on the far side .
a curse word drifted up to him as the pine branches swished back to catch elaina full in the face .
darin emerged from behind the sagging branches of a bearded pine .
they were in the business of building airships and frank could nt care less if the door trim was the wrong spec or a tree was a spruce instead of a pine .
he , sniffing , caught the faint aroma of something that reminded him of the pine forests back in alabama .
beef 's job was to top and trim the fast growing eucalyptus and seedless mulberry trees and exotic pines which had been planted helter skelter throughout the many condominium complexes in the south orange county area .
with the uniquely californian mix of aleppo pines and sycamore trees and ash trees and red gum eucalyptus planted throughout the grounds no amount of wind would ever take away all the shade in the aging community .
the chair went airborne where pine tree roots had lifted the sidewalk concrete slab like a mini - ramp .
pine trees , hunger , sunlight , darkness .
tomaz and the exile girl slowed then , and the prince followed them as they headed toward a series of larger hills covered in trees - pine trees .
before too long they came to a pine that was taller than the rest , with more space around it .
on a stretch of path that was clearly visible to her through the pines , she could make out two human figures , a horse and the shine of armour .
within moments , it had risen to a shrieking crescendo , filling the air with swirling dust and pine needles and lashing the trees until they groaned and cracked .
eventually , the last pines on their left were gone and the afternoon sun poured its glory down upon the familiar oaks of the western forest .
the last few pine trees were now behind them and they were crossing a flat , desolate landscape to reach the end of the cape .
the small pines bent with the blow and both men were thrown forward , crashing through small branches to the ground below .
his headache momentarily forgotten as he found the letter stuck in the branches of a young pine tree about three feet off the ground .
matsu means strong pine in japanese and she lived a long life .
she was a wise person , an old pine , sakura spoke softly and fondly .
kaigaras painting ; old pine , arthur lismer , group of seven , there are no coincidences , thought beth .
my mother was the only daughter , matsu sato the strong pine .
my mother was as strong as a pine and she introduced me to my aunt a few days later .
mercedes , veiling herself once more , says , i hope you will not let what you have beheld pine away , without knowing your love .
the tall but thin blue spruce pine tree stood strong in front of the window decorated with strung popcorn and pinecones , some dyed with the raspberry and blackberry juices they d saved for just the occasion .
instead of the thornbush will grow the pine tree , and instead of the briers the myrtle will grow .
well trained all right but his training was betterwhite overalls too clean against the pine needle covered snow , for instance ; big mistake .
he ducked away from the firing slit , just in time , the return fire chipped viciously at the thick logs , sending splinters of pine flying about him .
a haze of smoke obscuring the site , wafted gently away two men hung from the lower branches of one pine , swinging like string puppets .
the top of the ridge was covered in large and small pines that made for good concealment .
beyond that , ranks of firs and pines rose against the enemy mountain slopes in uncountable numbers .
he went down on his back like a great , felled pine .
aside from kathys excellent buns , the scenery included pine trees mostly small ones , but some giants as well with great , dignified limbs curving over the brook .
chapter 12 : on the mountaintop one could hear the rustle of the pines and feel the deep , impenetrable mystery that lies at the root of all life .
we stood for a while in the protection of the porch and observed the wind howling through the little pine trees and over the cement grave mounds .
the birds sing with cheer and the leaves and pine needles suddenly brighten with intensity .
claire turned to see a woman with several children in tow heading up towards the pine trees .
there was none , and only the empty sea of stretching pines and bare maple branches greeted him , a graveyard of fallen leaves .
the pilot shouted over his shoulder as the tips of young , slender pine trees rose into view beyond the cut off panorama of the open bay door .
his burden moaned , and clint gently lowered the man to the pine .
* * * clint ryan watched with interest as the dozen indians uncovered two thirty - foot pine and pitch canoestomolos , they called themhidden in the brush above the beach .
the pine was hand - split , lapped like long shingles , and well caulked with asphaltum , which was easily found along the california coast .
he did not fear them , for the yokuts could have crushed them easily , but he wanted no chance of runners going ahead and betraying his coming , a party of a hundred armed ton tache yokuts riders would attract great attention and excitement , as a condor circled effortlessly high above , cha reined up under a huge digger pine and took a deep breath of cool sea air .
they reached the head of the creek where it flattened out to its source in a high plateau and the riding became easy through massive live oaks and digger pines .
far across the shallow canyon from where they waited , ramn spotted three of their horses grazing among a stand of digger pine saplings .
they camped beneath windblown pion pines .
* * * clint , matt , ramn , and inocente rode abreast in the wide sandy valley flanked by rocky mountains spotted with gray - green digger pines .
the mottled hills of oaks , pion pines , and sandstone lay behind them .
through the woods , past shrubs and pine trees and scurrying animals .
i could hear the smile in his voice , as he relaxed in the saddle and took in the view of the fir and pine trees .
crimson thundered over twigs and pine needles , leaving favreaus drenched field behind , as i hung alongside with one foot in the stirrup .
we charged through the forest , pounding over twigs and pine needles as the rain turned to mist .
i drove crimson harder , pounding past dark pine trees .
we emerged from the seclusion of the forest pines and trotted into the clearing where father vestilles hovel sat .
we charged down the path leading away from chateau de laurent and veered into the cool pine forest , well - lit by the full moon .
i expected a building hidden by dark pines , with no sight of the sky .
janik carefully turned his head and peered through the branches of the pine tree .
the pine grove for which the town was named had been sacrificed early on to build the piers and warehouses that lined the river , as well as the boats and ferries that sailed upon it .
the breeze was light , the sky clear , the stars brilliant and a scent of pine wafted off the land .
at the same time , a small amount of c4 detonated and destroyed an old , dead and dry pine tree .
cage took it and sighed as the wheels only scraped the bark of either pine and it led into a game trail .
around where he sat he found himself on a small patch of grass , surrounded by large pines and deciduous trees .
after much of the rough pine bark had been nearly stripped from the pummeling and mulched on the ground , cage began stretching and doing squats to cool down .
they and rhody all followed her inside , but cage grabbed a few dozen green pine needles fresh from a nearby tree .
it gained an irritated look before the eye vanished and what looked like an ivory claw at thick as a pine trees trunk appeared .
a dozen giant pines fell across .
by now the haunted dreamer had escaped the evil mud and shot up a mighty pine , climbing frantically to the very top .
katarzyna waszewska - adamowska labarte email : pracownia.labarte @ gmail.com table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 pine meadows 1920 chapter 1 my name is edward johnson the third .
pine meadows 1920 the mccall initiative episode 1.1 : deception published by webfoot publishing at smashwords copyright 2013 lisa nowak smashwords edition , license notes all rights reserved this book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
she was nt about to let a splinter of pine reveal what she had worked so hard to hide .
they caught flashing glimpses of a snow - covered pass ahead with dense pines to either side .
they marched through the pines , staying close to the edge .
straight ahead were the tops of the pine trees .
the limbs of the pine trees were covered and weighed down .
fifteen 7 luun , 1396 talanford ruins , northern calandra ryan picked his way through a dense stand of calandran sapphire pines , his boots sinking several centimets into the soft layer of blue - green needles carpeting the ground .
ryan carefully backed deeper into the shadow of the pines and lifted his spyglass to take a closer look .
strings of bright lights on the storefronts , festive green wreaths and garland wrapped around the streetlamps , and the centerpiece of a gargantuan pine tree sporting ornaments in every color and a sparkling star at the top .
the citizens joined hands in a circle around the tall pine tree and swayed to the tempo of a slow melody they were humming .
the wind hissed in the pines overhead .
further up river there was now a forest of pine and oak trees that had nt been there before .
` ` we 're going to have a tea party now , '' the little girl said to raggedy ann , putting her down on the soft pine needles and propping her up against a small sapling .
it looked like a cross between the trunk of a ponderosa pine and a sequoia cactus .
she went into the woods , and we could hear her walking through the pines .
towards the river , beyond the boxwood were glimpses of the light blue of the summer heat on the nanticoke river surface , a hazy wetness , a dim glint in the sun , with quick wavelet flashes against the darkness of the far shoreline pine trees .
the site area was stripped bare of living reeds , with the only green coming from some older trees surviving around the edges of the marsh and some near the river , loblolly pines and oaks , the pines covered with rough bark on tall and slender trunks .
the site area was stripped bare of living reeds , with the only green coming from some older trees surviving around the edges of the marsh and some near the river , loblolly pines and oaks , the pines covered with rough bark on tall and slender trunks .
the shoreline on both sides of the nanticoke river at this point were covered with small pines and bushes .
on both sides , there were the same pine trees and hedges and endless swampland stretching away from the riverbank .
after a few minutes frank noticed a fire blackened building on the right bank , hidden behind a row of loblolly pines .
from the lofty pine , i could almost touch the smallest one , pluck spoke as she smiled and twirled , dancing around the pool as her white high guards sleeved shirt fluttered with her movements .
pluck ran for a lofty pine , scurried to its lowest branch , and crouched on all fours , studying the situation .
chapter 6 the wastelands the scrubby little pine trees had disappeared and the most exciting thing any of them had seen since noon was a rust colored boulder with a mean looking lizard on it .
sometime in the distant past , a cluster of ancient pine trees had tumbled from the summit of the cliff above .
she could , she knew , break or cut some more from the tangled branches of the fallen pines but she was reluctant to undermine the structure of her principal defence or , possibly , create new openings that the wolf might attempt to penetrate .
a copse of firs , pines , ashes , and cottonwoods , with numerous deadfall logs and broken boughs , surrounded two - thirds of the circumference of the pool .
pine trees stand like sentinels on either side of the highway and on the sloping hills , their very nettles hanging on to the rising fog .
weighed down by cool moisture and pulled to the ground by the gravity of mountains , the fog flowed with the effortlessness of water through the nettles of old pine trees .
they come with a dizzying array of elemental beings , offsprings of earth and water fog and mist and wind and pine trees and snow and rain and thunder and clouds - things that have an arctic energy .
i can see the night outside - the dull , grey cast from the light of a cloud - soaked moon on the wet , wet bark of a tall pine tree , chalking one side of the tree white against the black of night , as drops of silver rain slide down the branches and the trunk of the tree , riding the ridges of its rough bark , and as it rises and rises - this tree that pines - against the slope of the mountain , straight as an arrow , its grey - green branches and its green - green leaves explode against the storm - grey of the storm clouds like a roman candle , shearing the vision - thunder !
i can see the night outside - the dull , grey cast from the light of a cloud - soaked moon on the wet , wet bark of a tall pine tree , chalking one side of the tree white against the black of night , as drops of silver rain slide down the branches and the trunk of the tree , riding the ridges of its rough bark , and as it rises and rises - this tree that pines - against the slope of the mountain , straight as an arrow , its grey - green branches and its green - green leaves explode against the storm - grey of the storm clouds like a roman candle , shearing the vision - thunder !
jill sank into the comfort of the soft needles and the fresh scent of pine .
it was just a matter of pointing the .22 towards a big white pine and pulling the trigger .
there was only a dry , rocky knob encircled by head high scrub pines scattered throughout the waist tall pucker brush .
his right arm went numb and immediately swung uselessly from his shoulder as he ducked through the head - high pines that bordered the west side of the burgess 's backyard .
he cut diagonally across the yard to another part of the stonewall and stood next to the three foot thick trunk of a tall white pine .
he went over the top of a little knoll and down toward the creek bottom into a thick stand of mixed white pine and hemlock .
it was rocky , full of ledges and several huge white pines that had been blown down in the hurricane which had been the scourge of the atlantic seaboard in september of 1938 .
he 'll come out there by those big bull white pines . ''
if we 're lucky he 'll tree the coon in one of those white pines . ''
after a greeting of wet slurping tongue and some of his high pitched tree bark blackie led brad to a huge bull pine on the edge of the pasture .
they were both convinced there was something other than either a raccoon or house cat in the huge pine tree and they did n't want it to get spooked by the hunter 's lights and jump out of the tree and lead the hound on another long chase .
brad spoke softly then turned and walked up under the pine beside blackie .
with a boost from matt wilcox , brad grabbed and swung up on the lowest of the huge bull pine 's limbs .
brad flashed his small light through the limbs above him but saw only dark green pine needles and reddish - brown shaggy bark .
another five or six minutes and the boys were almost nose to nose since the white pine at about eighty feet above the ground was only ten inches or so around .
brad slid his butt down against the pine 's trunk to sit on the limb he had been standing on .
sitting astraddle of the limb which was bigger around than his thigh , with a foot dangling on each side of it , he listened and searched the blackness for any shape out of place amongst the fine pine branches and needles .
brad studied the dark mass of branches and pine needles out on the very tip of the branch he now stood on .
brad heard the sharp angry snaps of joey 's .22 pistol from the bottom limb of the pine as he emptied the pistol into the night .
he was standing deep in the woods , full of oaks and pine trees .
cacti poked out through cracks in the pink rock , while scrub pine made a nice contrast near the bottom where it afforded a bit of soil .
jo cast a doubtful glance upward , observing the pines had been trimmed back to where the nearest branch was ten feet overheard , while j himself was but slightly over five feet .
that was the longest logs he could get on the wagon , and the horses could only pull ten at a time for the three miles he had to carry them overland from the lost pines .
he railed silently against every pinion pine and stunted juniper they passed , and vehemently wished it were sanchez in his gun sight instead of the rabbits and quail he had shot along the way .
outside , a massive pine tree , one of the few still standing , held the little car while , a few metres behind , the rocky outcrop also held and diverted the avalanche around the tiny oasis of calm like the eye in the middle of a hurricane .
when they arrived on the main floor , there was a huge garden in the middle , full of luxurious pine trees , and the pond .
said diana , slightly touching the rough skin of the tree which some parts covered with the pine juice .
the wind howled through the tall pines , and thick spruce trees swayed as he pulled his dark hood closer to his face , to shield him from the biting wind .
it was dry and sandy and seemed to be populated by nothing but pine trees and fire ants .
* * * the loblolly pines swayed , making the suns shadows dance on the flowered sheets and pillowcases .
birds roostas low as a basketball goal ; of course , they may be higher off the ground in taller oaks , pines , and in a swamp , bald cypresses .
the brightness teased the gray woods into a wonderland of colors standing blackjack and spruce pines showed an evergreen shade except for one pine struck dead by lightning .
the brightness teased the gray woods into a wonderland of colors standing blackjack and spruce pines showed an evergreen shade except for one pine struck dead by lightning .
they huddled among what used to be the top branches of a spruce pine , but now the tree lay storm - thrown .
note the four - foot pine ahead of you .
they grazed ; nevertheless , those eight eyes studied the wind - thrown pine and the surrounding area , not only for danger , but also for the male they thought had clucked .
fifty minutes later , they halted beside a mixed forest of pine , oak , and yellow poplar , which lay four miles west of keeling , virginia .
in minutes the kid , spiffy , and mean man stood among the heart pine buildings .
these acres showed the traces of natural reforestation , the vicinity populated with thousands of pine , oak , and other species , all ankle - high .
with each of my leaps glooms claws trail just behind first rending through pine , then oak , and then the finest hardened and aged darkwood imported to this side of the great chasm .
this time they all heard the sound , which was clearly brought to them by the slow night breeze despite the resonating noise of the pine trees .
a black figure skipped past atop the pine trees and before the moon , and they both lost their newfound confidence , stephanie jumping on nora without delay .
noiselessly , they edged backwards and away from the shallow depression , their backs facing the distant opening illuminated by the moonlight and their eyes riveted on the blackness created by the pine trees deep within the forest .
at first , they thought nature was playing with their stressed out minds using the tall pines whistling in the ever - present wind that was hugging the forest .
the woods were sparse , full of old pines and white stones .
do nt seem as there were no yucca , nor many pines neither .
the occasional pine stood to bar their way with its ponderous branches .
at the elbow of the bend , a low patch of pine trees surrounds a semi - circular range of hills which extends to the creek bank on the south side .
the sun light is obscured by the ridge of tall green pine trees lining the north , the east , and the south landscape of the big cold feeling mountains .
a stiff line of trees , similar to oaks and pines , brooded ahead at the edge of charred fields .
the mountain slopes down into a setting of green woods composed of oak , pine , maple , and cedar trees along with a rare and beauty confederate yellow daisy found in which is a soft baby chick - colored yellow with a white seed instead of a dark black pit which is named helianthus porteri .
he ignores the beauty of the tall pine trees surrounding the placid green pond , the blue sky with colorful playful flying birds .
ya do nt see any additional railway tracks for extra runs of box cars or even one storage warehouse for shipping horse shit of cargo , only tons and tons of sweet smelling cedar and pine trees filling my eyeballs with pretty green woodlands and the sweet sound of eagles eating doves .
he sniffs smelling the fresh pine trees , the blue berry juice bursting from the bush limbs , and the cut grass from the horse pasture .
we construct a tall lead pole on top of our man - cabin then extend it over the top of the pine trees then tap into the outer space television satellite for the football game next week for fucking free , humble - buddy , chuckles hucks .
sweeping mountains carved in rock and clothed in evergreen pines , skirts of lush forests that stopped hallway up at a line , snow - tipped peaks struck into the sky , boiling clouds floating in a deep indigo heaven .
on either side of the road as we drove up higher was thick forest , some hardwoods here and there , but many more pines than anything else , especially where the ground was rockier and drier .
lodgepole pines that could cope with the dry soil shot up straight from the dense grasses and blocked out the sun ; green and brown shrubs and smaller trees bunched in a thick riot at their base .
the cold breeze made a whisper through nearby pines , sunlight peeping down through the branches and dotting the pine needles on their feet ; the lake surface rested glassy and still .
the land was dryer and dustier than i expected , and most of the trees were the kind that liked the dry : bushy douglas firs where it was rockier ; tall and spindly lodgepole pines where they could get a deep foothold .
more than all of that , i loved best to walk through the aspens , tall and naked in their thin white bark , standing meekly and pristine next to the dark and rough pines that surrounded then like predators .
i saw a couple of bald eagles perched on tall scraggly pines near the lake as well they frequented the park in summer being up here for the trout , i presumed .
as i walked alone the only light was from the thin moon that had just risen above the tall pines .
the skinny boy stepped behind a small pine tree , trying to dodge the oar , but larry shouted angrily and swung it with a surprising quickness .
after a while i spied gregs house in the distance beyond the small pines along the bank , and i paddled over to the edge .
here , the line ran straight north and south across their path through eroded hillsides , with yellow chalk stone outcroppings protruding like bones from the scrub pine and hawthorn .
still , by flying underneath and using his feathers , the owl could slow their fall and steer them both in the direction of a big pine tree .
tall pines , packed together with heavy cones drooping the branches , spread around him .
in between two looming pines was a clearing .
he ran to the left , sprinting over loose rocks dodging in between the pines , and jumping over several broken branches along the way .
the flash of fresh pines colored his vision .
read about the author , evadeen brickwood , at the end of the book ... . an excerpt from this book ... the shapes of large pine trees flickered through the mist all around them .
with candles , carol singing around a plastic - pine tree and the exchange of gifts .
paul knew the town of st germaine must be somewhere behind him though the dense pine branches surrounding him , sagging under their weight of snow , gave him a minimum of visibility .
as he considered , squatting behind the wide trunk of a pine tree , he saw one of the gendarmes lift a radio from his belt .
the cave floor slants downward facing a patch of tall pine trees and past them is a great view of las vegas .
the pine trees were literally melting away and smoking !
skeletal remains of the twin pinyon pines on either side of the path stood as impotent sentinels , looking on with closed eyes at the flame - gutted ruins of mt .
undeterred , gisbo rolled and jumped back to his feet , already feeling the sticky pine sap drying on his face , but it seemed the forest floor had other plans .
sure , he recognized the oak and pine , but these new trees were foreign species that gisbo remembered learning about in his books .
the narrow causeway had sloped down with continued bends and lost into the greenery enveloping the village at its upper end and tiny houses of the village below were visible through the crevices of the network of the pines and rhododendrons .
he looked out the other window and noticed far away below the roofs of some houses of the village peeping through the network of pines .
he turned toward the outer window close to his bedstead and looking out watched the valley lined with pines and rhododendrons and the distant hills looked deep blue with patches of white cloud stacked in the crevices and the snow plastering the crest scintillating in bright sunshine .
the umbrella like foliage of the large pine tree bending inward from the edge of the hill that had sloped steeply down to the valley , was swaying in the gentle breeze spreading in the air powdery spores that hung on the air for some time and floated down to dissipate slowly .
the shorter pines were still covered with snow and looked like white umbrellas .
he noticed below three humanoid figures in the crevice between two clusters of pines in a flash and they disappeared again behind the thick pines .
he noticed below three humanoid figures in the crevice between two clusters of pines in a flash and they disappeared again behind the thick pines .
he stood leaning against the pine that had taken a kinky bent into the slope of the hill and he watched the gentle breeze playing on the foliage spreading like an umbrella .
the dots of lights , as though adorning the dark swaying pines , appeared like fire flies roaming around .
nil now went out with the tooth brush in his mouth and looked at the house from the hind side out of the ground floor and the house amidst the pines and rhododendrons looked picturesque .
the hills were thickly covered with green pines and cryptomarius .
the hill , about thousand feet in altitude , was very steep , but there were thick pinewoods all the way and they could climb up easily by holding the trunks and branches of the pines and taking rest whenever necessary .
it too looked like a cauldron surrounded by hills covered with tall pines but unlike the barren lepcha village the place was lush with green vegetables .
she hurried off and disappeared behind the cluster of pines .
they had to climb a steep causeway to reach the sacred caves amidst pines , rhododendrons and flowery bushes .
with the twigs of the pines and strong creepers and using the tree trunks as poles they started erecting three shanties one for nil , the second for doma and the small one as kitchen and store room .
the trees flew past them : oak , pine , chestnut , they could not tell in the darkness .
the plastic chair i occupied sat against pine forests trophy casewhich greeted everybody as it sat facing the entrance to the school .
i paced over to the second peel and i examined the open field , to my right , between pine forest and long leaf .
the beginning ( whispering pines book 1 ) copyright @ charles e. wells published by smashwords dublin , georgia 31021 www.wellstonpublishing.com revised december 2013 in honor of the two beautiful women who helped make this book happen .
to see all the whispering pines series , visit the authors website at : http : //www.charleswells.us part 1 the fire chapter 1 master george and mistress jane norbert johnson had never met such strange people in all of his life , much less two on the same day - within the same hour even .
not a person was in sight , and in a matter of seconds , the group had settled on the ground next to the deep , slowly moving waters , close enough to the trees to smell bark and pine .
she closed her eyes and took a deep breath , loving the strong scent of pine .
pungent smells of rotting foliage , leaves , and bark mixed with the pleasant scents of pine and wildflowers .
jacob gillian paid the stench no mind , walking his merry way along the narrow path that threaded through the tall oaks and pines like a dried - out stream .
they 'd just rounded a bend , skirting past two mammoth pines that looked like brothers , when chip suddenly pulled up short .
a circle of thick pines bordered the spot , the tree branches stretching to the sky far above .
they 'd found no clues or signs of life - human , anyway - and when they stood at the wall of pines and oaks , it was almost as if they were stopped by an invisible barrier .
we got off at the exit for atlantic city , but instead of seeing casinos , we entered this seeming wilderness of swamps and forests of scrubby pine .
* * * we reached a place where some of the pines had been cut back away from the road .
we followed the tracks across the marsh , and into sandier , drier terrain , thick with pines .
i laid the pole on the dock and retreated to a hammock rigged between two pines .
across the field , was a dark hillside covered in pines .
she smelled rotting plants and dank water underneath the canopy of scrub pines .
dust swirled up on the main gravel road of town , and pine and oak could be smelled coming from the forest , which surrounded most of coe baba except for the few miles of cleared land in between those woods and the town proper .
seconds later they scurried as a group down the slope and into the shadows of the large and ancient pines .
his own wariness weighing down his limbs , he d taken up post with his back resting against an old pine tree .
while the other side of the mountain had been nothing but scrubby foliage , pine trees , boulders , and scree , the land opening up before her was lush and green .
but , men of noras , let us not forget our kin , our wives and our sisters , the little red cheeked children that play in the woods under the watchful boughs of elm and oak and pine .
she stood in the midst of a grove of elder trees , but the distinct aroma of pine met her senses .
after thanking song for the water , she asked , do all woodland fae smell like pine trees ?
echo noticed the pine tree closest to them rustling , though she could feel no breeze .
just around the far curve , beyond a shielding row of pines , jerry saw the warble of emergency lights and the glow of flames up to the right at the crest of the low hill he was ascending .
as he ducked behind the trunk of a large pine , he heard the sound of footsteps retreating into the woods and rose to pursue .
he sailed through the air , pulverizing several lesser trees until a collision with a large pine stopped his trajectory .
with that , renault turned and walked away , into the short pines that began where the rocks ended .
the snow had stopped as they left the pines and all traces of its presence in the ground had melted away .
the woods began , smaller oaks acting as greeters before the larger pines began .
the bearded hunter ventured out beyond the perpetually green treeline of pines .
oak trees mixed with pines and ironwoods deeper in the woods .
it is a job no one else pines after .
a raven flew into a tall pine and screeched .
he broke off pine boughs and propped them up into a little conical tent .
tall pines black against the night framed the moon .
they quickly hid behind some pines , but the dog ran ahead barking happily .
he found a spot where the boughs of gnarled pines conveniently formed a secret space , and he collapsed on the ground .
the three men spread their blankets beneath the pines .
when he neared the grove of pines , he hailed the other men and held up his kill .
stars slowly brightened until it was fully night , and the drooping pine boughs around their hidden camp were silhouetted by the orange firelight .
come , he said to pistol and ran back into the pine grove .
the castle of lord patercek by morning flies were gathering in the pine grove , and everyone was eager to be off .
beyond a copse of pines , lines of smoke rose , and thal heard the clang of a smithy .
this part of the great western forest was mainly ancient pines with a few hearty broad leafs scattered among them : aspens , maples , oaks , and elms .
after traversing the full range of her emotions from elation to heartbreak to devastation in the course of a single crushing hour , she had cried herself to sleep under the shelter of a low , broad pine without food , water , or fire .
she cleared the last pines and crossed the herb and vegetable garden , examined the plants already stretching up , the fruits , pods , and delicate leaves nearing maturity .
a shadow appeared in the distance before them , the dark outline of a horse , the riders body and head blocked by a pine .
chapter 14 pine needles stabbed the bottom of teths foot with every other step , but she just kept walking , walking away from the river and from dasen .
the trees here were almost entirely conifers pines , firs , and cedar .
it smelled of sweat , damp wool , pine , and the sour metallic odor that he had come to recognize as tethinas .
well camp under pines , no fires , no wandering about .
reassured , he admired his surroundings and decided that this was without doubt one of the most beautiful places he had ever seen : the crystal clear water , towering pines , jagged snowcapped mountains .
his every sense was infused by it , the scent of wildflowers and pine , the sounds of rushing water , birds , and squirrels , the sensation of the cold water rushing over his hands .
she watched the stream running by through the bare trunks of the pines , heard the rush of a falls , drew in the rich smells of the forest , and relished being home .
with a backdrop of fifty foot pines and snow topped purple crags , it was more beautiful than anything made by man could ever hope to be .
an infant pine growing in the gap between the boulders hid her from the stream .
teth looked to where he was pointing and saw a glowing pile of coals in a small pit near the base of a pine .
he stepped under a pine just in time to hear a whoosh of air from above .
at the same time , its tail snapped in the air and struck a great pine .
the forest was now a mix of conifers and deciduous with great broad leaf trees filling the gaps between slender pines and firs .
they were among the trees again , and wren breathed in the heady scent of pine and rain .
wren led nolan to a stand of pines behind his house .
a cool wind shivered through the pines .
the plants changed to stunted pines and other evergreens with the odd rosemary bush .
soon , a tree began to grow , until it rose into what is now known as the pine .
the pine , mr . duff , is made up of tears , and cherishes the bright lights of the night sky .
not even when the elder had tattooed the map for the land of the dead across her back , when her ankle snapped beneath the weight of a fallen pine tree , or when she sliced her own wrist with a flint - sharpened blade had she felt an agony quite like this .
cypress , pine , fir , cedar , and spruce cover the mountains , which are no longer covered in snow .
he glances about the bare ridge ; his eyes catch on a lone pine a short distance down the opposite side from the protected valley .
niwahs good eye flies open wide as he jerks around and rushes the short distance to the pine .
clods of dirt fling into the air as he jerks the pine up by the roots .
eventually , they entered the southeastern fringes of the forest talon called the whispering pines .
once we fully pass through the whispering pines into the peaks , there will be no more villages other than a leper colony , which we will avoid .
jason saw the arrow catch the apple and could barely hear the sound it made with the impact because of the wintery gusts that blew through the outer fringes of the whispering pines .
~ ~ ~ * * * ~ ~ ~ the creature moved silently through the woods of the whispering pines , intent on reaching its destination under the cover of darkness and while its prey was still asleep and unsuspecting .
chapter twenty - eight | the confrontation the creature moved silently through the woods of the whispering pines , intent on reaching its destination under the cover of darkness and while its prey was still asleep and unsuspecting .
the whispering pines were peaceful and quiet as the two men slept .
as they travelled west , the road they followed began to degrade into more of a path as they more deeply penetrated the whispering pines .
these pines around us are too light and would break too easily .
lord , i need help , he whispered into the surrounding pines .
thrace could be the heart of your empire and onward until the world ends where the pine forests go on forever .
i groaned when we turned on a dirt road , surrounded by thick pine trees .
my feet hit the ground and we sprinted toward the towering pine trees , twenty - five yards away .
she did nt slide far , however , before a pine tree stopped her rapid descent with a thud .
gunnar pulled out some rope , bound her arms and feet and then tied her to a hefty pine tree .
christian gathered the dry twigs that lay around them and lit a small fire at the entrance , filling the cave with cosy warmth and the soft , resinous scent of pine .
the old lava flows from years past had formed craters and formations and had filled in with pine , beech , and birch trees .
from there she turned left onto strada aosta and through a series of loops and switchbacks , which put them among tall pines , ended up on a mountainside halfway between sinaia monastery , from which the city got its name , and pele castle , the main tourist attraction .
alex saw the service taking place on a bald , low - lying hill surrounded by pines .
catherine led the way off the road and down the hill through towering pines and thick brush .
they wiggled through the small opening and were outside in the bright sunlight running along the footpath down the mountain through the pines with mary in the lead .
he found himself thinking of corn ripening under blue skies , a fire burning in his loins , a maiden thin as a willow wand leading him to a nest beneath the pines ...
the green of the pine trees appeared even more vivid with the glisten of the spent rain .
he unbuckled his sword , rested his back against a tall pine and spread his aching legs towards the fire .
the black warrior aimed a crossbow and fired and the impact threw kervin back into the pine tree as the bolt impaled his left shoulder .
she could still remember her insides on fire as she lay exposed before the high druids , their cold eyes as impassive as the great pines that loomed above them .
throughout the gnarled dead wood pines , where the sinister reavors lurked , drawn to the frantic noise of the living .
as a peculiar swelling cloud arose from the distant mammoth soama growing near the surrounding dead wood pines , where the sinister reavers appeared to have grown much more active , factories of the damned .
eerie black smoke boiled up from the pines at the base of the mountain , rolling amongst the turbulent clouds overhead .
they ran faster , throughout the pines , searching for some kind of shelter .
it was a huge unfamiliar construction nestled amid the pines , at the base of ennead mountains , which emitted an eerie black smoke into the rain clouds .
they tracked up the path , through the pines , where mushrooms grew in plentitude .
far as the eye could see was the forest of dead pines screening the gehemma river .
they arrived in a clearing of the dead pines , a perfect circle where nothing grew .
it was nestled in the midst of the dead pines , at the base of ennead mountains , where all the freakishly large mushrooms seemed to grow .
hadge quickly surveyed their surroundings ; numerous dead pines and woodbine vines safely screened the area .
he landed hard on the slippery pine trees damming the river .
the sinister flames charred everything in its wake , the dead pines , the woodbines , and destroyed the remainder of the reaver factory .
unexpectedly something bright appeared beyond the dead pines , as if a giant snow globe had preserved an entire town .
the troll swung its arm forward to capture more spiders , as its arm cleared what was left of the town of unknown , swinging towards the tapered incline of dark dead pines .
the gnarled branches of the pines assaulted them over and over again , cracking under the weight of their bodies , as they descended down towards the mountain decline .
they hit the cold hard ground with a thud , cushioned by a layer of dead branches and pine needles .
they wrestled amid the pines , a fairly even match , grunting and groaning , until the tussle landed them both into a nearby ice - cold puddle .
everywhere the dead pines followed the rugged contours of the land , as the tips of the trees prickled to great numbers within the deeper parts of the canyon .
everything was obscured in darkness , as the tall pines had overshadowed the whole place , blocking any illumination from the stars .
however the slope was littered with countless dead pines , fallen logs , and rocks .
out of nowhere a wraithlike illumination bathed a single pine tree .
hadge nervously sifted through the thickening pines ; sure the mushrooms were a sign danger could be close .
the other end of the gorge was engulfed completely in blackness ; even the pines had vanished from visibility .
the two scouts wished they had mirabrasantes ' gift as they approached the wall of pines and leafless hardwoods .
night had fallen and the moon had yet to rise and shed its light for them by the time they passed the outer pines and firs of the forest .
dawn arrived to find the frost glittering round these languid sleepers lounging beneath the pines .
well , to get the exciting part of my epistle , one day we were travelling down the road , proceeding through a thin forest of dwarf pines and straggling firs which predominated along the banks of a river called the lambert .
she has no end of towering pines trees there also , and , with the towering pines and the boiling spring water gushing up out of the ground , even in midwinter , the temperature behind her castle never falls much below 70 degrees , so everything is green and lush in this ` enchanted forest . '
she has no end of towering pines trees there also , and , with the towering pines and the boiling spring water gushing up out of the ground , even in midwinter , the temperature behind her castle never falls much below 70 degrees , so everything is green and lush in this ` enchanted forest . '
one had to take a set of stairs up and then through a pine grove before the scene opened up ; but this night there was nothing but fogno steps , no pine grove , no goddess of victory .
one had to take a set of stairs up and then through a pine grove before the scene opened up ; but this night there was nothing but fogno steps , no pine grove , no goddess of victory .
these gatherings would take place on rooftops , in the upper branches of a pine grove , in a favorite living room , or simply suspended above the old town square .
he gave them directions to the carmichaels farm , a couple of miles east of town , up the slope toward the pines .
towering , solemn sentinel pines shaded the undergrowth with their boughs .
she threaded between the pines , struggling to enjoy the serenity of the forest while another part of her brooded about dardan .
she hooted and laughed as the pine nearest the hamms house crashed down through other treesaway from the house , since hugh had showed her where to make the proper cuts .
there was a sound like a tree snapping in halfshe was reminded of the huge pine outside hugh hamms house falling into the brushand she saw shards of wood rain to the floor .
pine trees were raised at every large intersection , decorated with the traditional strings of beads and dried beans and fruits .
to gabriel , the howls he sent to me along our bond sounded like words , but all i saw were dark winter nights and towering pines , as he sung in that way that only a were can do .
the wind brought her whiffs of pine and tilled soil and animal waste but nothing out of the ordinary , especially nothing that smelled like hellhound .
the hills of jerusalem were no longer rock and pine , but deep green forests of glorious splendor !
hidden between the swaying pines and rocky cliffs is the quaint little dwelling that provides anakia shelter .
strong notes of pine infused the air and mingled with the slightest hint of lemon .
he could see evil , sense it as clearly as the notes of pine and lemon in the air .
chapter 25 howard kane directed his large chevy suburban into the shady pines trailer park in herald falls , new york .
she sped down the driveway of shady pines trailer park and on to the main road .
six men stood around the large contained fire deep within a hidden clearing protected by a wall of large pine trees and several protective curses .
it smelled of cedar and pine , of mulch and earth .
accelerating through the forest , he got brief glances of black wolves sprinting round pine trees , howling in gory anticipation , right behind him .
the mighty warrior swung his axe at speeds so high it became a blur to onlookers , each time cutting the creatures down as a crew of woodsmen would do to a young forest of half - grown pines .
the air filled with birdsong and the scent of pine and lavender .
then with quiet , intoned whisper that filled up the silent hall ; the tragic tale my mentor sang me i will now replay in full ; i had heard a lonely growling , just beyond the sacred shrine a far - off , doleful , plaintiff howling through the hills of knotted pine ; it all started on that evening when the full moon came to light ; a deep , resentful , soulful moaning echoed through the deepest night ; weeks went by , and still this howling filled the eerie countryside ; then i saw it in the meadow : a female werewolf in midstride .
the crowd was small , impatient , and called out for more song ; they paused in their reunion to sing a second one : this song was born in ruins overgrown by knotted pine that tangled up the memories and twisted up the rhymes ; those woods were borne of angry men whose eyes have long - since closed ; their ears will never hear again ; they ve been too - long exposed ; their skin has crawled from flesh and bone and fed the plants around ; their limbs will never stand alone , will never dance around ; the muscles that were once so trim are trimmer , now , indeed ; they fed the roots their nutrients and sated growing seed ; the trees are dank and strangely warped , as if in anguished pain ; the vines that drape like fetters worn , resemble tarnished chains ; the undergrowth is rich with rot , and fungus thrives therein ; their presence tells of things forgot and years that lie between but if you listen for the wind on days too still to break , you may perchance to hear the men if they should deem to speak ; you ll hear the cries of horrid death in these , their graven woods ; with every leaf , their passing breath is fully understood ; the trees reflect their mad repose ; the rot reflects their mind ; but who are they ?
all hallows eve october rains have brought a sudden chill that seeps into the marrow of my bone ; i stand like pine upon a broken hill and find that i no longer stand alone ; behind me in the mist , there is a form escaping from the shadows of a cave ; unleashed with vigor from the building storm , it creeps in silence to a waiting grave ; i watch it folding back the sodden earth to disappear inside a darkened stair and feel my spirit gently giving birth to horror that is well beyond compare until a claw comes reaching out for me , and i am petrified and can not flee .
it had been thinly covered up by the sweet smoky aroma of the burning pine , but the smell was there nonetheless .
he decided to follow it and soon found himself further away from the lights of the bar , surrounded by pines and aspens .
the wind picked up and swirled about the tops of the pines .
we departed from the main path into our own niche , i leaned against a towering pine , spanning across twice my width , and near my knees somebody had carved a heart and the initials mo + rc 4ever .
the two girls found the exit and walked out of the stone castle onto a hillside with twisted and gnarled pines and huge boulders lying as if plucked by a giant and randomly dropped in the barren fields .
aldritch stood along the side border of the front lawn in the morning shadows of a scots pine tree .
in the center of an acre or so of that striking variety of tree - further surrounded for miles by snow - bend pines and evergreens - there was a dense stand of birch .
yes , pine .
but when you reach the top there is only rock , so when the smell of pine fades , i know i m close .
they made up time , however , when they entered the forest , following a well - worn path thick with needles from the surrounding pines .
on the far hillside deer browsed a slope patched with stands of trees , pines and cypress mostly , with wild grasses between .
a tree limb had broken from an enormous pine across the street , and it hurtled to the ground , landing with a whump in the neighbors front yard .
forests of pine and cypress cling to the hillsides .
the boughs of the pines almost covered the road in places , causing a tunnel effect .
aromas from the door on his right made his stomach pine .
here were mostly pines and ferns , interlaced with various vines and a smattering of mushrooms .
it took hours , breaking the green branches from the pines , sliding them beneath the bear and bending them into hoops before binding them with vines scavenged from the forest floor .
half bowling over , half bouncing off of a small green pine , the giant ball took to the air momentarily before crashing hard to the ground again as vines and boughs within it creaked , a few cracking beneath the assault .
less than a hundred yards ahead , a small pine stood alone at least a few dozen yards before the wall of trees .
racing headlong , guiding the cage down , he watched as the small pine passed between them , the vine connecting them suddenly becoming taut , yanking upon his hands with unnatural force .
here a great pine tree had fallen and been caught near the ground by a neighboring tree .
the trees around them were tall maple and pine trees with massive trunks and high branches .
the pines thinned as she reached the top of the pass , and the last part of the climb was out in the blazing sun again .
the smells changed and the salty taste in the air faded , replaced with a fragrant rush of ferns and pine .
tall pines flanked a trail that ran between sheer slopes .
lazing around on the branch of a pine , warmed by shafts of sunlight and nibbling on blackberries or the occasional squirrel !
his lord knew not his own successor and cast dark pearls before his swine ; the shadow was the beasts confessor and torture was his holy shrine in there he would both moan and pine .
the unblemished soul - quaking vista of unpopulated lands spread before her as fine as classic literature , finer than lines of poetry snowcapped mountains , pine trees , two blue lakes , a cinder cone , tumbleweeds , and a field of black rock , which appeared to be asphalt but was nt .
the house smelled like her sister and oregon : fresh dug soil , pine , cedar , sage , and hyacinth .
daelin saw no evidence of a city , just mountains , pine trees , and scruffy brown brush .
stumbling down the trail , haw shot smelled cedar , sage , and juniper mixed in with the pines .
the lava crunched like glass under her feet until the path ducked into a thick pine forest .
a glint among the fallen pine needles caught her eye .
crisp air with the aromas of cedar , pine , sage , and juniper sated her inhales .
she had traded in skyscrapers for snowcapped mountains , the stench of the forgotten for the heady scents of juniper , sage , pine , and cedar , and the turbulent east and hudson rivers for placid twin lakes that reflected the majesty of nature , nothing but nature .
two massive doors , one glass the other pine , made up the front entry .
minutes passed where neither of them said anything ; the only noise was from the cool wind rustling through the surrounding pine trees .
smell the air , and the pines , listen to the wind and the crunching of leaves under your feet .
rowan had just made it to the edge of town , where he could see the black pines against the orange dawn , when the sound of howling pierced the air somewhere far behind him .
the trees themselves seemed to spring out of the ground , reaching and stretching their pine needled branches as if to touch the sky .
lyric was swiftly instructing winds to force zayd in his direction , his fist again connecting with zayds jaw , sending him soaring back towards the body of a great pine .
they eluded the branches of a great pine that stood to their left .
alongside the stream were miles of endless pine trees .
the pine smell pulls at my heartstrings and i make a mental note to ask lilly for a mixture that includes pine .
pines and dogwoods towered above , dry leaves scattered a brown carpet before them .
as they neared the ancient roman city , they passed through shadowy forests dense with ground ferns and heavy pines ; leafless oaks and beech trees cluttered the landscape .
section ii : to rise from the pines , scene i : of archers the little green bird that clarity called upon to escort me home , successfully guided me back to the entrance of the woods .
section ii : to rise from the pines , scene ii to become an archer i stood still in shock from the request i heard clarity give lance .
not too far from my window stood a tall cedar pine tree .
lance commanded , as he pointed up at the large towering pine trees around us .
scene ii : to rise from the pines : section iii : stones & orbs i had no trouble at all making my way back to wudwurn , especially as my mind kept picturing the horrifying creature we came across within the woods only a few minutes ago .
the shock sent vibrations through his arms , and the sun beat down on his bare shoulders in the copse where the pines offered little shade .
the cottage came into sight through the pines : a handsome little structure with three rooms and a stone hearth .
they could see beyond the barbed wire and aim their tunnel at , say , a wheat field or ( best bet ) at a stand of pines .
fallen fortress if one were to follow the course of the river esse into the far north , he would find a great fortress built in the frozen pine forest of esathann .
at last they came to the edge of esathann , where towering pine trees rose up into the air like the spears of an enormous guard .
rif gathered firewood by a pine grove , uphill from his cottage .
down by the pine grove .
the dead girl the guard found in the pine grove had red hair as well .
he knew every type of raslonian wood to gather ( cedar , oak , black locust , beech , white ash , hickory , pine , and dragon wood ) and the ones to avoid ( stink sap , mirror wood , iron bark , poison ash , and tangle thorn ) .
` ` rif ... the woman who was found dead in the pine grove- she was a red - haired woman just like genika .
rif leapt into the branches of a scrappy pine tree .
that poor red - haired woman at the pine grove .
a skywolf howled from over by the pine grove .
so they ran against the cold , biting wind that sailed across the icy plains , whistling through the scrubby pines and boulders that dotted the valley .
he kept seeing thunderstone , big darius , and the girl in the pine grove , lying dead .
the screen flickered into life and the image of the moonlit island appeared , complete with the scraggly old pine trees , the crater , the rocks , the boulders , and a pebbled beach with turbulent surf churning in the foreground .
zev and evans pulled the boat further onto the beach and tied it to one of the knobbly , gnarly pines .
like a saw through pine the shadows sliced into his flesh , forging a river of blood .
mixing grasses with sweet - smelling pine needles on the forest floor , the bed was covered with a strong skin so the needles could not pierce through it .
warm breeze rolled over me , salt scented and fragrant with pine .
the corridor opened up into what i thought was a room , but when i stepped over the threshold , the room became a dark blue starry sky , a shoreline of sand and stone , and tall pines reaching high into the air , their tips like arrows aiming at a crescent moon overhead .
in the bright moonlight and starlight i espied an island several hundred yards ahead , perfectly round and dotted with high pine trees .
* * * the pier transitioned into a flat stone path that curved into a dark forest of pine and led in the direction of the lighthouse .
fireflies floated through the pine and ferns , and crickets sang their symphony .
and now , sometimes mom and i and her new husband travel up and down the pacific coast , past small towns and past large cities , and we look out at the islands dotting the vast coastline , islands covered in pine and ferns and fireflies .
it crawled up the pacific coastline where the pines became dense and the skies became heavy with cloud and rain .
i saw that abandoned red semi - trailer sitting alone in that clearing of birches and pines , and when the end of the railroad tracks came into view , i pointed out the front window and mike just smiled and pushed hard on the throttle , and the locomotive surged , pushing me back into my seat .
the dawn chorus was deafening , the surrounding pines alive with sharp birdsong .
pine trees covered the area now , and someone , no one knows who , had built a small chapel in a clearing at the center .
the gravel path passed through a passage of blue spruces and mondell pines , dense and alive with birdsong .
ahead lay the dark pine forest of the swamps .
the pines whipped wildly , their needles cutting the air with whispers that sounded like the rising and falling static that i d heard for months .
the staggering pines were the same as around erath .
the large pines loomed in the distance .
she crouched behind a thick pine tree to get a better look without being seen .
within seconds , mikael cleared the precipitous cliff face high above and dropped , presumably landing on the grassy knoll that extended out of the pine forests above .
a barely visible , massive pine bent violently below , icy tears whipping off it as it verged on being ripped out of the frozen ground it was rooted in .
the wind lessened dramatically as soon as he was in amongst the thick pines .
oak and maple trees dominated the area , with all the pines now behind him .
it took him a second to process , but as he landed with a thud on the far shore , he spun back around quickly to look at the tiny island , spotted with a few pines and shrubs .
mikael was closer to the center , and now that lyght was rapidly approaching , he could indeed see what looked like a dark box nestled in a stout green bush next to a towering pine in the center of the island .
he went spinning across the ground and slammed into a nearby pine .
lyght growled in frustration and jumped to his feet , spitting out pine needles and running forward as best he could , which was nt fast enough .
there were various species of trees , tamarind , benjamin tree , avocado , pine , and many other .
the evening sun was lowering behind the tall pines and the mountain beyond .
down by the pine grove . ''
the ones to gather ( black locust , beech , white ash , pine , and dragon wood ) and the ones to avoid ( stink sap , mirror wood , iron - bark , poison ash , and tangle thorn ) .
the woman who was found dead in the pine grove .
so he and emerelda raced , pushing against the cold biting wind whistling through the scrubby pines and boulders dotting the valley floor .
sunlight beamed through the branches and pine needles , as if they were walking through bars of translucent gold .
car - exhaust - smelled two pines , some climbers , three benches and a park as little as a matchbox , then a car is in front of me being stuck in the traffic .
they get out a place where pine trees thicken and step on flowers on an open and curved terrain .
each of the hills was covered with leafless maple trees , bone - white birches , dark firs and pines .
now , with all the leaves fallen , the stands of weeds were golden or brown with winter 's death , and the occasional young pine looked startlingly green .
in the fringe of woods around the trailer park , we 'd found a little pine and cut it down .
` ` it 's at pine landing lake , '' sandra rockwell said .
` ` you know , we ' ve always been worried about that pine growing behind this cabin . ''
` ` we 'll just have to hope the pine can handle the ice , '' tolliver said .
it showed us that the pine tree the hamiltons had been so worried about had indeed fallen under the weight of the ice .
past barney 's head , i could see ice melting off a pine tree , one of a stand of trees .
the thicket was surrounded by pines , and there were pinecones littering the ground .
i did n't know anything : where barney was , if i was for sure at pine landing lake , if tolliver was even looking for me .
for the first time i was sure i was at pine landing lake , and the next cabin , the one with lights , was the hamiltons ' place .
narrow poplars and old , old pines with fragile wisps of green needles lined the avenues , and they were received in a marble square before the main pagoda by the magistrate of the city , officials assembled and bowing in their robes : news of their approach was outrunning them , likely on the wings of the jade dragon courier .
tharkay having managed to convey a request for wood , a couple of the smaller flew out and returned dragging some small dead pine - trees , grey and weathered , which they inquiringly offered ; shortly gong su had a crackling fire going , smoke drawing up a crevice into the high recesses of the cave , and the pigs were roasting deliciously .
clouds of white - grey gunpowder smoke were blowing across the fields and tangling into the forests of oak and pine .
a great hunger filled him for those hills , those mountains , thrusting up sharp and imperious , the broad yellowing squares of harvested farmland and the sheep grown fat and woolly for winter ; the thickets of pine and ash in the coverts , standing close around temeraire 's clearing .
a fresh breeze hit them , clean air that smelled of pine , and amara felt like singing .
the land rose steadily , the willows and fronds of the swamps dying away , replaced by fir and pine .
and then the horses emerged from the pines , and bernard let out a grunt of satisfaction .
it 's a beautiful place , and i ' ve always regretted that you ' ve never seen it : you would love the glossy pines in winter , the dark earth and cold crystal rivers .
` ` i 'd include pine , heather , marjoram , and slippery elm , but we 'll have to make do with whatever we can get . ''
wednesday , maria and i have a chris pine movie marathon by connecting my laptop to the tv ; she has a netflix account - or rather , she knows a cousin 's password .
admiring chris pine 's hotness .
most of the trees gave out about halfway to the top , only a few pines hanging on to give an effect very similar to die couple of pathetic strands teased across his scalp by a baldie who wo n't own up .
' mr chert the troll down at the sawmill does a very good deal on coffins , if you do n't mind pine . '
there was a fountain in the middle , in a very small grove of sweet - smelling pine trees .
in the end , cuddy remained faithful to his axe , but added a couple more as an afterthought ; sergeant colon chose a pike because the thing about a pike , the important thing , was that everything happened at the other end of it , i.e. , a long way off ; lance - constable angua selected , without much enthusiasm , a short sword , and corporal nobbs- -corporal nobbs was a kind of mechanical porcu- pine of blades , bows , points and knobbly things on the end of chains .
' so 's the knots in me back end up in the pine ? '
' he pines when i ' m gone .
he had eaten of the sacred toadstool , he had smoked the holy rhizome , he had carefully powdered up and inserted into various orifices the mystic mushroom and now , sitting crosslegged under a pine tree , he was concentrating firstly on making contact with the strange and wonderful secrets at the heart of being but mainly on stopping the top of his head from unscrewing and floating away .
and in the centre of that is a box made from wood of the curly - fern pine , which grows to a great age , and it is lined with red silk and yet more protective amulets .
by evening they had come to the edge of the high plains , and rode down through gloomy pine forests that had only been lightly dusted by the snowstorm .
aaron fidget , ' the pines ' , edgeway road , ankhmorpork .
images ribboned across her senses - wet fur , sweat , pine , soot , iced air , the tang of damp ash , pig ... manure , her governess mind hastily corrected .
binky dropped until his hooves grazed the tops of the pine trees , which bent in his wake .
the yeti was entering taller forest now , of ancient pines .
there was a raven perched on the broken crown of a pine tree , shattered in some winter storm .
the wind gusted across the clearing , making the pine trees shake and roar .
but it was a nice day and , as the road meandered through clumps of hemlock and pine , outposts of the forest , it was pleasant enough to let the mules go at their own pace .
' go back about two miles , and take the track on the right , past the stand of pines . '
my heart pines for you .
i relished his look of shock all the way to his collision with the big pine at the far end of the arena .
he took it and i pulled him up from the splinters of pine scattered around him .
the familiar warmth of its brown walls made her pine for the days and nights she spent here .
the monroe motel and suites was only fifteen yards away , on the far side of this thick stand of brush and pines .
after waiting for what had felt like days , a snapping of sticks had shifted his eyes around and he 'd found kroner tiptoeing through the pines .
the temperature was cooler , the sky more overcast , and the trees were pines instead of palms .
he scanned the visible area , spotting the baseball game taking place on the opposite side of a thick barrier of monterey pines .
raguel 's gaze honed in on the swaying of a twenty - foot pine .
a creature capable of shaking a mature pine down to its roots .
behind me were the rolling hills of pine that soared up the nearby cliffs and undulated inland .
dex had kissed me , as we were perched up in a swaying pine tree , as we were certain we would meet our deaths below .
the grotesque rotting face of a leper , with rough , lesioned skin that matched the bark of the pine next to it .
i only picked up the black of night , the far - off waves , the rocks and grass and stoic pines that lined the shore .
we had other things to contend with , including making our way through the forest again , choosing the cover of dark pine and twisting arbutus trees with their scaling red bark that reminded me of dead , sunburned skin .
my legs were spread out in front of me , my back was propped up at an unnatural angle against a rugged , scratchy pine tree .
on saturdays she would take me out into the woods and we 'd follow this well - trodden trail through the birch trees until pine and rock took over and we could pass no more .
even though it was almost summer , the pines that covered the sloping mountainside were a faded green , bordering on brown .
the roads became narrow , twisting lanes , through thick stands of yellow pine and heart pine , magnolia and cypress , sour gum and live oak .
the roads became narrow , twisting lanes , through thick stands of yellow pine and heart pine , magnolia and cypress , sour gum and live oak .
the outer blackened pine branches snapped off on my side of the truck , and the trunk crushed the underbrush just a couple of inches to the right of the suv 's hood .
and one slipped through , hit a giant pine , and ignited it like a torch .
the pines and the ferns that grew up around them shook violently .
pine trees stood up on the forearm like a mortal man 's hairs , and on the same approximate scale .
dodger has taken them into the pine hollows over the causeway . ''
the fury showed her a dim view from what must have been a stagnant pool somewhere in the pine hollows .
the pine hollows were the most dangerous stretch of land in the valley , but to her weary senses , the danger seemed deeper than that , and more threatening .
but the frontier valley rarely had visitors , and none of the holdfolk wandered through the pine barrens .
perhaps they were simply hunting , taking refuge from detection in the humanity - free area in the pine barrens around garados .
thunder rumbled , this time so loud that it shook needles from the fallen pine beside him .
they crossed the crown causeway and rode north and east through barren woodland filled with ragged pine trees , brambles , and thorns , toward the glowering shape of mountain rising up several miles before them .
the mountain , fidelias remembered , as well as the pine barrens around it , had a bad reputation for being hostile to humans .
tavi took his bearings from the slope of the hill , a pair of boulders he and frederic had once teased , and before another quarter hour had passed , they had found the edges of the wood and slipped into shadows of the pines and aspen and beneath the long fingers of the barren oak .
see that half - fallen pine ?
after twenty minutes of careful , slow , downhill hiking , made even trickier by the slippery leaves and pine needles blanketing the steep slope , we came to a large fallen oak piled with leaves , branches , and other detritus .
dandelions , pokeweed , wild onions , pines .
the woods begin to evolve , and the pines are intermixed with a variety of trees , some i recognize , some completely foreign to me .
instead , i take my knife and go to work on a pine tree , cutting away the outer bark and scraping off a large handful of the softer inner bark .
but i ' ve eaten plenty of pine in my life .
i found an unoccupied victorian - style wrought - iron bench and sat down next to some squatty pine trees .
the creature at the foot of the hill returned his attention to rosalie , who sat huddled at the base of an old pine .
the bald man had let go of the blue bandanna when lois shouted at him , and rosalie was now cringing back against the pine again , her eyes rolling , curds of foam dripping from the sides of her muzzle .
he thought it would tangle in the branches of the old pine , but it did n't .
rosalie was lying at the base of the big pine , trying to get up .
as they passed out of the blackberry brambles and into a gloomy stand of old pines and spruces , it occurred to ralph that they must be on the newport side of the ridge now .
the world was silent here , save for the rustling of wind in the pines and chatter of birds and small animals .
also northward , and to the left of the path , the land seemed lo be drier and more open , climbing up to slopes where the trees were thinner , and pines and firs replaced the oaks and ashes and other strange and nameless trees of the denser wood .
trees with old and twisted roots hung over cliffs , and piled up behind into mounting slopes of pine - wood .
they lit a small fire down under the gnarled roots of an old pine , that hung over a shallow pit : it looked as if stone had once been quarried there .
in the late afternoon they came to a place where the road went suddenly under the dark shadow of tall pine - trees , and then plunged into a deep cutting with steep moist walls of red stone .
there was still an echo as of following feet in the cutting behind them ; a rushing noise as if a wind were rising and pouring through the branches of the pines .
the east wind was streaming through the bare branches of the trees , and seething in the dark pines on the hills .
the firienfeld men called it , a green mountain - field of grass and heath , high above the deep - delved courses of the snowbourn , laid upon the lap of the great mountains behind : the starkhorn southwards , and northwards the saw - toothed mass of irensaga , between which there faced the riders , the grim black wall of the dwimorberg , the haunted mountain rising out of steep slopes of sombre pines .
the host was bivouacked in the pine - woods that clustered about eilenach beacon , a tall hill standing up from the long ridges of the druadan forest that lay beside the great road in east anorien .
the landscape had grown flat , the trees changing from patchy brown pines to the willowy white aspens common around luthadel .
pine tree village retirement community was a nondescript two - story brown brick building that could have doubled for an apartment building .
she turned to ice , close enough to smell the musky - pine scent of him ... yet so far away .
and now they entered a dark and seemingly endless pine forest , and all the stories caspian had ever heard of trees being unfriendly to man crowded into his mind .
before it could make a sound , something exploded out of the darkness beneath the thick branches of the fallen pine , a dark - furred blur that moved in perfect silence and hit the wax spider like a stone from an old romanic war engine .
tavi was sure they were getting close when they encountered the first active wax spiders , gliding silently through the glowing green pines in a row that stretched out into the distance to the north , like a line of ants trundling back and forth from their nest to a fallen fruit tree , each bearing a swollen bellyful of glowing green croach with it , partially visible through their translucent bodies .
he suddenly found the silence of the croach - covered pine forest oppressive and heavy - far too much so .
one cane - form vord was clawing and biting a nearby pine tree , while one of the toad - shaped vord repeatedly bounded forward into the side of the hive , righted itself , and tried again .
a cane - form vord exploded from a copse of small pines ten feet away , bounding forward to the attack .
where there had been only gently rolling land , the combined forces had erected an earthworks twenty feet high , faced by freshly cut stakes of pine , in front of a trench very nearly as deep as the wall was high .
whereas the oldest things on the discworld were the famous counting pines , which grow right on the permanent snowline of the high ramtop mountains .
the counting pine is one of the few known examples of borrowed evolution .
so the counting pines avoided all this by letting other vegetables do their evolving for them .
what makes the counting pines particularly noteworthy , however , is the way they count .
being dimly aware that human beings had learned to tell the age of a tree by counting the rings , the original counting pines decided that this was why humans cut trees down .
overnight every counting pine readjusted its genetic code to produce , at about eye - level on its trunk , in pale letters , its precise age .
the six counting pines in this clump were listening to the oldest , whose gnarled trunk declared it to be thirty - one thousand , seven hundred and thirty - four years old .
the pines stared out over a thousand miles of landscape .
said the nearest pine .
windle poons peered at the house numbers - a hundred counting pines had died for this street alone - and then realised he did n't have to .
supposing you were a great slow giant , like a counting pine , and looked down at a city ?
she does nt remember her former mate , but there s a sense of loss , and she pines .
they rigged a crude fishing pole from a thin , dry limb snapped off a nearby iceroot pine and a length of pale , soft , infinitely malleable alien wire .
we had nothing even close to dense forest coverage , but rock outcroppings , some scraggly pines , and distance from the path promised relative privacy .
thin pines grew on those slopes , covering it in patches .
dorthonion * ' land of pines ' , great forested highlands on the northern borders of beleriand , afterwards named taurnu - fuin .
he escaped , but with one hand cut off ; and now he lay exhausted under the great pines of taur - nu - fuin .
they were just past the entrance to the egyptian walk , out of the direct sunlight , under the pines and the sprawling monkey puzzle tree .
the casks must be brought ashore and the faulty ones mended if possible and all refilled ; a tree - a pine if they could get it - must be felled and made into a new mast ; sails must be repaired ; a hunting party organized to shoot any game the land might yield ; clothes to be washed and mended ; and countless small breakages on board to be set right .
and one day , flying slowly and wearily but in great triumph , he bore back to camp a great tall pine tree which he had torn up by the roots in a distant valley and which could be made into a capital mast .
there then did tinwelint bid tinuviel dwell until she would consent to be wise , and when she fared up the ladders of tall pine these were taken from beneath and no way had she to get down again .
yet ere long as tinuviel went forward a sudden dread overtook her at the thought of what she had dared to do and what lay before ; then did she turn back for a while , and she wept , wishing dairon was with her , and it is said that he indeed was not far off , but was wandering lost in the great pines , the forest of night , where afterward turin slew beleg by mishap . '
20 , 46 -- 7 ) , and it seems clear that the great pinewoods of taurfuin , the forest of night , grew upon those heights ( in the silmarillion dorthonion ' land of pines ' , afterwards named taur - nu - fuin ) .
thus did it fall out that beleg became lost and benighted in a dark and perilous region so thick with pines of giant growth that none but the goblins might find a track , having eyes that pierced the deepest gloom , yet were many even of these lost long time in those regions ; and they were called by the noldoli taurfuin , the forest of night .
so it was that drawing near beleg beheld one of the hill - gnomes stretched upon the needles beneath a great pine asleep , and his blue lantern stood glimmering nigh his head .
now however did he see a long and sloping shore and stretches of sand , while the distant hills marched ever nearer to the margin of the sea , and their dark slopes were clad with pine or fir and about their feet sprang birches and ancient oaks .
soon now the grass faded and gave way to mossy stones , and trees fell away , and even the pines and firs grew sparse .
no help comes , but tulkas sends privily telimektar ( taimonto ) his son.~ telimektar of the silver sword and ingil surprise melko and wound him , and he flees and climbs up the great pine of tavrobel .
but it was forgotten , and cast in the garden of gilfanon , and a mighty pine arose that reached to ilwe and the stars . '
although grieved at the gods ' behest , the pine is cut down ; and melko is thus now out of the world -- but one day he will find a way back , and the last great uproars will begin before the great end .
there is very little to indicate the further course of ' the aelfwine story ' after his sojourn in tol eressea ( as i have remarked , p. 301 , the part of the mariner is only to learn and record tales out of the past ) ; and virtually all that can be learned from these notes is found on a slip that reads : ( 29 ) how aelfwine drank of limpe but thirsted for his home , and went back to luthany ; and thirsted then unquenchably for the elves , and went back to tavrobel the old and dwelt in the house of the hundred chimneys ( where grows still the child of the child of the pine of belawryn ) and wrote the golden book .
tavrobel the old must be the original tavrobel in luthany ( after which tavrobel in tol eressea was named , just as kortirion in tol eressea was named after kortirion = warwick in luthany ) ; and the house of the hundred chimneys ( as also the pine of belawryn , on which see p. 281 and note 4 ) was to be displaced from tol eressea to luthany .
a side - note here suggests that perhaps the pine should not be in tol eressea .
' i reckon she 's a lezzer , ' said fats , as they walked past the old vicarage , dark in the shadow of the scots pine , with ivy covering its front .
an old shed , a scarred pine , a tumble of rocks .
the full moon made the grassy path curving between the tall pine trees easier to see , but hannah did n't need it .
we ' ve all been concerned about the recent murders in the pine barrens .
the pines were roaring on the height , the winds were moaning in the night .
they slid into the edge of a climbing wood of pines that here stood right up the mountain slope from the deeper darker forests of the valleys below .
dori , nori , on , oin , and gloin were more comfortable in a huge pine with regular branches sticking out at intervals like the spokes of a wheel .
gandalf , who was a good deal taller than the others , had found a tree into which they could not climb , a large pine standing at the very edge of the glade .
yellowing bracken , fallen branches , deep - piled pine - needles , and here and there dead trees , were soon in flames .
south of ard - galen the great highland named dorthonion stretched for sixty leagues from west to east ; great pine forests it bore , especially on its northern and western sides .
between dorthonion and the shadowy mountains there was a narrow vale , whose sheer walls were clad with pines ; but the vale itself was green , for the river sirion flowed through it , hastening towards beleriand .
some of the great oaks were shedding leaves , and half the pines had turned as brown as ser bennis , with rings of dead needles girdling their trunks .
if his sword had been steel instead of pine , he would have slain each of them half a dozen times .
` ` golden copal , dragon 's blood , pine and cedar , '' she said .
there were four cars in the small parking lot , and the van made it five as the still - unseen driver pulled in and parked under the whispering shade of a large pine .
she 'd been staring off thoughtfully at the guards ahead , taking in the sloped land and scattered pines .
stands of tall bamboo and a few smaller pine trees clustered at the ends , leaving the middle mostly open , so the two dragons lay opposite each other , head - to - head , making the comparison easier .
tharkay 's little creek had led them , with only half - an - hour 's flight , to the river into which it merged : wide and clear , and lined along both banks with tall , tall pines .
' pine nuts are actually seeds , ' said glenda smugly .
the open windows let in afternoon light , the lofty position of her palace giving a view of pines and a shimmering lake below .
` ` you see those pines , just to the side of bashere 's camp ? ''
all three flew proud ... yet just to the side of them , the needles on the pines blew in the opposite direction .
the wind blowing in two directions at once ... well , he could feel the wrongness in the way those pines moved , even if he did have trouble distinguishing the individual needles .
below , bashere 's saldaeans had set up a camp on the manor 's green- the open patch of grass out front , bounded by rows of fir and pine trees .
they did n't like making camp in a wooded area , even one as sparsely flecked with pine as this hillside .
broad - needled pines shivered in the wind .
sleete continued to watch from the shadow of a massive pine as gawyn put the saddle on challenge 's back .
min released her breath and settled back into her chair , finger marking her place in a copy of pelateos 's ponderings , with the shutters closed for the night , she could still hear the wind sough in the pines .
tall three - needle pines lined the sides of the stone roadway .
sapling pines had begun to sprout at the sides of the roadway and between rocks , miniature versions of their towering fathers above .
` ` that 's blinder 's peak , '' vanin said , gesturing with a pudgy finger toward a flat - topped mountain just barely visible over the tips of the pines .
he could explain a map for you perfectly , but he had as much trouble as vanin making sense of where they were , since this roadway was so disjointed and broken , the pines high enough to obscure landmarks , the hilltops all nearly identical .
he entered the gateway , traveling back to the manor house in arad doman , with the ring of pines surrounding the trampled brown grounds and the long ranks of tents .
the three - needle pines guarded the road , smelling of pine sap , and the air was melodic with mountain finches ' calls .
mat said with surprise , glancing at the three - needle pines .
occasionally , the wind would blow , and a small sprinkle of dead pine needles would shake free from the boughs above and fall to the ground , some scratching the top of the tent as they fell .
through the pine trees he could see that the sky was cloudy .
the three - needle pines here were tall , and their limbs spread wide , the shade keeping underbrush to a minimum .
tents clustered in groups around the pines , and the air was cool and shaded , smelling of sap and loam .
mat stopped beside a tall pine , its lowest branches a good two feet above his head , leaning against the trunk .
through the gateway , min could see towering pines , and the air on the other side was cold and crisp .
they stepped out onto a carpet of brown pine needles , dirtied from a long slumber beneath the vanished winter snows .
the pines parted at the shores of a small mountain lake , caught in a triangular depression of the land .
a small stream gurgled near their camp in the middle of a forest of highland pines .
those pines should n't have borne half so many brown needles .
this grove of pines was in eastern kandor ; they were getting close to the border into arafel .
he was sitting on a stone outcropping amid pines ; he was on the side of dragonmount , several hours ' hike up from where he had been .
he had visited this city only twice , and briefly , and seeing the beautiful inner city before him - ancient buildings , domes and spires rising atop the hill like majestic pines atop a crowned mountain - gave him pause .
the hills around them : dried pine needles , mud from a stream , the carcass of a dead animal .
it passed into the place known as the westwood , an area that had once flourished with pine and leatherleaf .
elsewhere needles had fallen from pines , draping the ground in a brown blanket .
a mass of dark pines rose behind the houses .
the white - marble figures of the creche were artfully illuminated and perfectly arranged amid a bed of green pine branches , and a more splendid christmas grouping reuben had never seen .
reuben had seen little really of the building when first he ventured here with marchent , to a half - burnt ruin surrounded by monterey pines and hidden by weeds and bracken .
cloves , cinnamon , nutmeg , the sweet smell of honey , all this he caught with the smell of smoke , the smell of pine , the smell of the wet mist .
he looked up at the dark trees around him , at the pines soaring above the scrub oaks , at the dark tortured shapes of the monterey cypress forever grasping in desperation for what they would never reach , and he felt a strange longing to shed his clothes and to move off into the forest alone - to break out of the shell of this all too human discomfort into a different and savage realm .
he locked his legs around her , loving the feel of her easy power as she climbed higher and higher into the redwoods , into the pines .
her eyes were closed , but he knew them well , wide and innocent beneath delicately shaped brows , as green as the leaves of the pine trees that grew close together along the river .
he kept a large supply of tree bark and leaves : birch for cleansing and to expel evil ; hazel for wisdom and the divining of water ; yew , the tree of death ; rowan for life and healing ; ash for power and absorbing illness ; pine for rejuvenation ; willow for enchantment ; hawthorn for male potency ; holly for beauty ; the apple for fertility ; mistletoe for love and peace .
the sky was still gray with thick , stormy clouds , but the air was clear and crisp and suffused with the scent of earth and pines , and there was a chilly breeze that soughed through the trees .
they traveled slowly so as not to overtire the horses and they took this rare opportunity of unhurried togetherness to talk and reminisce , to reveal new dreams and plans for the future , and to breathe in the cool , clean , late october air , savoring the scent of an occasional stand of pitch pine trees mingled with the odors of the horses and old leather .
the night was quiet except for the crackling pine torches , the stars started to fill the sky and evelyns small hand slipped into jamies larger one and elizabeths found its way into roberts .
* * * thirteen it is the wind blowing through the black forest pines that sounds like the howling voices of fairy tale monsters and witches and dragons and little children lost .
she was gazing wistfully off at the gorgeous tuscan countryside , dotted with those beautiful umbrella shaped pine trees that seem to be unique to italy .
he was about to blow his signal horn when he noticed two large pine trees felled and stripped of their branches laying at the edge of the clearing .
as night fell they camped beside a small stream under a group of large caledonian pines .
` ` i see nothing but scrubland and pine trees . ''
she then turned and held the burning faggot among the topmost branches of the smaller pine trees , running from tree to tree about fifty paces .
however the pine trees reacted differently .
taking the burning bundles from culann and fergus she ignited more small pine trees .
culann quietly edged to the high side of the trail and backed up against a caledonian pine .
culann still stood with his back against the caledonian pine , silent , but with a look of loathing on his face .
snowcapped pines and ancient oaks with their stark gray branches encased in ice stood at attention as the cock crowed .
they walked the slope to the sacred glen , entered the temple of poseidon through a line of stately pines , and passed statues of the isthmian games victors .
below them , asklepios ' sanctuary sat in a sacred glen crowded with pines and stone buildings and enclosed by rolling hills .
she sat at the mast amidships , her aulos playing a stout measure for the long - stroking oars , now a swift stroke , now a pause for the blade of pine .
by the time christine left the chapel a few minutes later , smiling joyfully as she rewrapped her shawl to combat the chill of the icy air , erik had hidden the vicomte in a small shed on the edge of the cemetery , moved the conspicuous coach to the other side of a grove of concealing pines , and swept some of the aristocrats more salient footprints from the path .
the forest was plentiful , pines , spruce , and birch closer together yet thinner in girth than in north american woods .
you can still see his grave there , marked with a large pine cross .
we stuck a document to the burnt pine tree that said , ` revenge of the people , '' both a sentiment and the appropriate name of their unit .
that morning they d entered a thick forest of oak , pine and yew , so dense and impenetrable that without the wolf , she would nt have been able to travel a stones throw without getting hopelessly lost .
the twenty five foot tall pine tree was going to take centre - place underneath the curved staircase and would be the first thing any visitor to the house saw .
dey lives in big white houses hind a mess a pine trees lookin like a snake .
deres da pine trees , jacob said and pointed to the unfenced frontage .
samuel stared at the scrub pines , their scrawny branches at odds with the trees prized timber .
she dn like dose pine trees out front eidder .
meybe i m spooked cause ids so quiet behind dose pine trees .
is he gon na cut dose oak trees in front a dem pines ?
david then drove to within three feet of a thick utility rope dangling from a gnarled oak tree in front of the pine trees .
widout a horse snortin in da pine trees , he d a gotten me .
chapter nine pine trees as david , arlette , and lucille got out of the ford , gerald rushed from the porch .
nothin can block those pines .
to do dat , da klans got ta split ids men , wid one group comin up da driveway an da second group comin trew da pines near blanchards fence .
da bastards gon na run fo da pine trees like a scalded dog .
david stopped and pointed toward the pine trees .
da first group kant come trew da pine trees wid torches an rifles .
if da riders dn come trew da pine trees , meybe deyll come from da farm road on blanchards place .
riders dn have much room to git trew dose pines , but dey kin .
riders must be on da side a da drainage ditch an headin fo da pine trees .
i wanted natures flow to be one of the rings in rings of trust , always constant , always there , whether one liked it or notas were the gnats and flies and pine trees and heat and humidity .
above its slate roof rose a small turret in which the bell swung silently a few more times , then stopped , so that the only sounds were a faint murmur from the organ within the church and the harsh calls of rooks from the dark pines which surrounded the churchyard .
eve swayed like a tall pine as she walked .
sidling up under cover of pinion pines through the wash , he d not seen those four riders approaching and sitting on his line - back dun in shadows of the house , they d not seen him , either .
having no comb , he ran hands through his hair to squeeze water out then found a long pine cone , using it to at least create a sense of having brushed .
going up ! he barked , dashing between shelters until reaching the first row of pines .
gasping , he eyed the house through gaps between stones then worked closer to the building under cover of pines and rocks .
the white , pine - clad mountains that rose like battlements from the water looked overbearing , their beauty fierce and intractable with cold , the reflections in the deep blue / green rendering them all the more encompassing .
chased him through the thick pines , up and down gullies , across monks creekthe victim now the feared one .
unintentionally , for scums raiders , its rim of striking firs and pines provided unguarded access and ample opportunity to rampage and desecrate both human and mother nature .
the big pines have long been taken for building .
what are left are plantations of pine in long rows , or masses of poplars .
by then i had seen every acre of jack pines i hoped to ever see again .
riding to siss , he eyed the small saddle dipping in the middle of the east ridge of the checkmark range , vivid images jumping to mind of six men having murderous intent laying there in ambush with what earthly remains left of them still scattered among firs and pines caring none for concerns of men .
crossing the river , he moved close in under buckled rims of stone , weaving between tall pines before turning west with a certain destination in mind .
shortly , he d come across on a dim game trail veering up , a sheer rock wall with thick pines and underbrush giving cover until it turned sharply around a large boulder , opening then to a quarter acre of grass backed by a small cave .
a second shot ricocheted off rocks high over head as adam clambered up and swung around , pausing where an old ponderosa pine , trunk split generations before , reached high .
reaching his objective , adam turned west , warily darting between massive pines and through prickly underbrush almost noiselessly until overlooking the dry stream .
tall pines swaying in the wind , rocks and increasingly large snowflakes were all he saw in any direction .
moving only his eyes , he watched a doe rabbit emerge , hopping twice over clear ground stop at the edge of a pine bough laying across the trail .
snarling , anton worked his gaze back from the spot , identifying a safe path beneath towering pines that would bring him behind the marshal .
some of the pine trees growing on the mountainsides were several thousand years old .
verena and catherine decorated the big pine tree in front of the church with the help of the children of the orphanage .
catherine met steve under the big pine tree in the centre of the village .
big pine trees stood in front of the church .
the wind tore a young pine tree out of the rock .
a gentle wind blew through the pine trees surrounding the hostel .
there s low - level rolling hills all over the place that are spotted with stands of pines as well as groves of aspens and bunches of other kinds of trees .
without the need to say anything more , they tied their horses to a couple of stout lodgepole pines and headed for the cliff .
he continued in this direction with will following close behind until , finally , the wagons entered the aspens and pines that blanketed the slope of the nearest of the hills .
he pointed to a stand of pines that was just off the trail .
after carefully guiding the teams between the ponderosa pines , they pulled the wagons to a stop alongside one another in a good - sized grassy clearing that was just what the doctor had ordered .
it was the perfect location that would not only give them easy access to the much - needed water , but the favored ponderosa pines were close by in sufficient numbers to allow for easy access once it got down to constructing outbuildings , and corrals and such .
no sooner had he gotten the words out , then a figure on horseback appeared from the stand of pines off to the right of where the herd had just been grazing .
rob and james mr stood in the shade of a tall scots pine and watched ranald 's party approach .
i breathe in long and deep as we climb higher into the hillsthe air smells of spicy pine and cedar and , best of all , its gloriously free of all traces of pitch .
emmett said they were only green tree frogs , but their warning was heeded as they kept low against the knotted pines and spoke only in whispers .
the land had changed so that with one curvy turn the river would veer north east , and the mountains were increasing in size and the thickness of green pines made them dense .
the hills rolled over the dry plains with bushy pines and patches of grass , and the rocky canyon heads jutted above the rio grande .
white clouds drift through blue sky and a fresh breeze comes in off the ocean , mingling with pine .
having selected the pine that he would use , caleb had toiled for over an hour with the heavy axe to fell the tree .
he reached up for the first low , sweeping branch of the pine and clambered up it , finding the next with his fingertips and making his way from branch to branch gingerly , until he was so high that he could no longer hear the water against the shore below .
one of the cannon balls found its mark , and the great pine shuddered , but did not fall .
during this time the disciples contributed to the temple grounds , planted pine trees , built temple loggings and landscaping facilities .
barbara babineaux is sitting on the veranda of her plantation home , watching the sun rise over the pines outside her expansive yard .
twenty meters ahead , a splintered pine exposed its bloodless innards .
pausing by a pine tree , their guide waved them forward .
i never did pine to get to be no old man , but i did figger to live jus ' awhile longer an ' i think workin ' here is the wrong way to go about it . ''
a week earlier deston had robbed the small express office in three pines , killing the company agent and a bystander who tried to stop him .
he had burned away several pounds during the chase and his belt was one notch tighter than when he left three pines .
` ` he stuck up the freight office in three pines an ' gunned down a couple of men . ''
several days ago , as he rode into three pines on his way back to denver , he had expected things to happen entirely different .
thinking of the girl , he did n't even plan a stop in three pines in his hurry to get back .
three pines was too small to have any law man of its own , and though a call had gone out for the local sheriff in a neighboring town , he had never arrived .
` ` i needed me some money over in three pines , '' ridge said , impulsively adopting the crime of bill deston .
some down in oklahoma an ' texas , but that job i pulled in three pines was the first i ' ve done in colorado for years .
` ` jus ' the chicken scratch i stole in three pines , but i figger i might as well enjoy what i got . ''
jina learned about the pine forests , the houses made of pitch and wood , and the terraced fields of wheat and mustard seed next to broad rivers in deep valleys .
the line of gray - clad , rag - tag , collection of southern soldiers , mostly barefoot , trudge along as quietly as possible through the sparse , hardwood , and pine trees of southeast pennsylvania .
they also get a whiff of pine , moss , and rotting leaves as they trudge through the woods , but another smell , a pleasant aroma touches their noses , - the scent of ripened corn .
just beyond the oak , elm , pine , and hickory they find a sun - dried patch of farmland covered with tall stalks of yankee corn .
the bandit luke rides off and disappears into the forest of old growth elm , oak , birch , and pine .
the bone chilling wind is whistling through the pines , luke knows they must find shelter and find it fast the temperature must be near zero .
sitting around the campfire that evening robert describes the farm the rolling hills of grass , the pines , hog creek , the canyon and the caves .
before the war luke would have laughed at the thought of death having a smell , but now it is as recognizable to him as is the essence of the pine trees growing outside .
emerging from a grove of pines they begin to walk in ankle deep snow .
there was a gentle mountain breeze that blew through the pines and we reached an area that while high up , flattened out .
the water was just dumping everywhere non - stop and we paused under pines as it came down in sheets , and then he became excited and pointed up the canyon a bit where prospectors bar was .
there were tall pines everywhere and a small runoff creek nearby .
i was nt too far behind pinkers tired horse when that giant bear come out from behind a pine whacking the horses head and sending pinker to the ground as he rolled .
and just this very afternoon - not only did mrs . billings appear to be counting needles on the pines - she practically ran by our door like a terror - stricken rabbit , straight to her accursed cousin 's house .
the men in the raiding party were scattered across a twenty - yard radius of the pine thicket .
well into his first hour on guard , jason was passing by the southern fringe of the pine thicket when a faint sound drifted toward him on the gentle nighttime breeze .
what are we in the pines ?
the blackburn fork bubbled and burbled over its rocks , and a blue jay called out from a nearby pine .
sort of like a pine tree , but short and fluffy .
the sequel , in the pines , will be out shortly .
i suppose he pines for adalet still ?
the great pines that bordered the beach were slanted , growing away from the wind ; aranthur looked at the sea and thought again , how large this world is , and how little i ' ve seen of it .
the place stank , a mixture of woodsmoke , cooking smells and shit ; but as their path climbed , they left it behind , for the scent of pine and gorse and bracken and the heath herbs , and tanaquil could let the little bitch run free again .
he 'd raced the track in the valley below enough times , but he 'd never seen it ; a crack in the hill , narrowing , half - hidden by pines and the lie of the land .
the birch and pine and occasional oak trees grew closer together here , and the chunks of rock strewn between the tree - trunks were covered with green moss .
he stopped on top of rock ledge and put his hands for support onto the rough trunk of a pine - tree .
he pushed himself away from the half - broken tree , hands now covered with sticky pine - sap and bits of bark and dry needles .
the branches of this pine -- cut from the forest near the sacred waterfall -- were decorated with bits of silver foil and shiny iron bells and sea - shells .
snow - burdened pines and spruces and an occasional oak - tree lined both sides of the river .
a bushy tailed squirrel rushed up a nearby pine tree , found a limb , and held its breath .
the trees were a good couple of miles away , but i thought i could see a few pines or spruce mixed in with what would be the usual oaks and willows .
the rest of the men scattered away from the pine trees , some leaping up onto their saddles and riding away .
they would try to hit them hard instead of taking the safe route of encircling the pines .
they came towards the pines in a loose arc , hoping to outflank anyone inside .
they shouted , cursing loudly , as they raised their pistols and blindly fired into the pines .
before the detective could get a clear shot , the horse crashed into the pines .
in his haste , his aim was off and the wild bullets struck a nearby pine tree .
the perfume of the pine and the smell of the burning meat reacted violently in delameres stomach and he stumbled dizzily in the direction of the well .
within the hour emmanuels stick had hung stringed ornaments and garland from the perfect tiptop to the wide bottom pine .
she helped portia formed circles from the vines and tied them together with string , while the scent of pine permeated the house .
i see far less birch and pine trees than before . ''
pine trees , invisible during their ride , rose from the floor of the low - lying gully -- but it was nt really a gully .
around the bend ahead the road narrowed with thick stands of pine on either side .
being careful to stay well back of torchlight and the harsh whispers of mens voices , she avoided the main route and made her way in darkness through the forest of straight pines towards the ruetli meadow .
soon he was tossing the bowline to ruedi , who deftly secured it around the exposed roots of a crooked pine tree growing too close to the waters edge .
it danced through her hair , and brushed away her tears , and without warning , snatched her away , sweeping her straight up the side of a tall pine .
it will be interesting to backtrack and let everyone know what historical facts have been gathered about the remote and enigmatic location in the pine barrens of southern new jersey known as ongs hat .
the pine barrens themselves have always been a mysterious and enigmatic location .
( the pine barrens have often been called a perfect place for a ufo landing . )
they settled into an old airstream trailer and constructed a crude laboratory in a rebuilt barn hidden deep in the pines .
i was living in chatsworth , in the pine barrens , near ongs hat ...
it was as if they were sitting on the torrey pines shore facing the pacific .
-- 30 -- - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 -- 30 -- 971 the 491 a 477 and 355 he 338 of 272 to 261 his 225 in 209 was 158 it 133 her 130 i 129 on 122 she 112 you 82 said 81 from 78 him 77 that 76 at 71 with 67 into 62 for 61 as 58 this 55 like 54 had 51 were 46 an 45 me 44 one 43 what 43 be 40 not 39 or 37 by 37 all 37 if 36 its 36 my 36 when 35 so 34 there 34 they 33 did n't 32 but 30 i ' m 30 he 'd 29 is 28 no 28 them 28 over 27 then 27 through 26 about 26 do n't 26 went 26 your 26 their 25 too 23 are 23 did 23 know 23 until 22 up 21 coyote 21 we 21 it 's 21 been 20 two 20 how 20 head 19 way 19 eyes 19 was n't 19 you 're 19 light 19 only 19 hand 18 would 18 who 18 more 18 here 18 against 18 why 17 think 17 could 17 after 17 back 17 where 17 some 17 den 16 down 16 away 16 could n't 16 made 16 out 16 around 15 have 15 voice 15 much 15 left 15 got 14 can 14 off 14 get 14 black 14 came 14 module 14 sat 14 thought 14 other 14 yeah 14 do 14 days 14 thing 13 fuck 13 few 13 that 's 13 red 13 fire 13 sky 13 mouth 13 those 13 three 13 there 's 13 good 13 glass 13 himself 13 ground 13 man 13 across 13 lay 12 eye 12 hatch 12 dark 12 inside 12 enough 11 go 11 something 11 family 11 own 11 face 11 home 11 took 11 water 11 sure 11 again 11 horn 11 heard 11 blood 11 gun 11 far 11 minutes 10 people 10 even 10 hell 10 open 10 say 10 hands 10 end 10 father 10 most 10 upon 10 last 10 make 10 day 10 rifle 10 now 10 while 10 see 9 gone 9 really 9 white 9 old 9 oh 9 many 9 every 9 cold 9 long 9 several 9 site 9 let 9 trees 9 probably 9 come 9 next 9 cameras 9 another 9 watched 9 crazy 9 guy 9 story 9 being 9 once 9 walked 9 side 9 anything 9 she 'd 9 team 8 going 8 bit 8 nothing 8 earth 8 everything 8 ants 8 during 8 right 8 hair 8 near 8 kept 8 shit 8 under 8 rock 8 than 8 just 8 shadow 8 among 8 look 8 part 8 moon 8 since 8 friend 8 coyotes 8 floor 8 canteen 8 dirt 8 bottle 8 door 8 spent 8 bushes 7 video 7 things 7 told 7 watch 7 hours 7 darkness 7 call 7 area 7 cheek 7 sitting 7 dead 7 maybe 7 happened 7 thick 7 monitor 7 started 7 shadows 7 work 7 full 7 any 7 3 7 hat 7 mountains 7 still 7 seen 7 very 7 bear 7 least 7 else 7 i ' ve 7 mind 7 except 7 lost 7 well 7 because 7 stood 7 world 7 hard 7 called 7 camp 7 shot 7 fear 7 field 7 night 7 time 7 either 7 throat 7 began 7 along 7 before 7 place 7 first 6 wild 6 flesh 6 hear 6 should 6 rocks 6 better 6 set 6 real 6 tree 6 fingers 6 behind 6 knife 6 feet 6 dream 6 morning 6 interior 6 god 6 moment 6 beyond 6 helicopter 6 later 6 trail 6 lived 6 where 's 6 fucking 6 sense 6 belt 6 chair 6 might 6 someone 6 would ' ve 6 half 6 bush 6 wall 6 i 'll 6 skull 6 stuck 6 devil 6 almost 6 film 6 spam 6 feed 6 looked 6 wasps 6 wanted 6 soft 6 drank 6 take 6 fell 6 wore 6 these 6 glasses 6 lot 6 nearby 6 remained 6 saw 5 gray 5 resembled 5 keep 5 although 5 boy 5 anyway 5 want 5 we 'll 5 dog 5 listening 5 he 's 5 dreamed 5 they 'd 5 little 5 we 're 5 animal 5 distance 5 built 5 great 5 without 5 leaves 5 footage 5 legs 5 kind 5 smoke 5 whole 5 lying 5 actually 5 dry 5 stars 5 hq 5 weeks 5 chairs 5 deep 5 sun 5 six 5 toward 5 died 5 free 5 big 5 tracks 5 toshi 5 yet 5 brush 5 put 5 hundred 5 course 5 ever 5 okay 5 hung 5 within 5 worth 5 covered 5 none 5 followed 5 empty 5 laughed 5 carried 5 animals 5 sound 5 found 5 jerk 5 locked 5 edge 5 computer 5 afraid 5 human 5 ca n't 5 closed 5 turned 5 tell 5 name 5 sleeping 5 clouds 5 years 5 pair 5 help 4 twenty 4 cracked 4 farther 4 naked 4 ran 4 south 4 afternoon 4 ear 4 occasionally 4 killing 4 stone 4 em 4 men 4 seconds 4 job 4 need 4 cup 4 froze 4 dragged 4 shut 4 wondered 4 twisted 4 doing 4 wood 4 hot 4 ranchers 4 smell 4 late 4 tapes 4 cult 4 whatever 4 bag 4 surprised 4 lips 4 fast 4 arm 4 supervisor 4 damned 4 ago 4 alone 4 pit 4 months 4 stared 4 poured 4 crows 4 understand 4 had n't 4 passed 4 getting 4 couple 4 gathered 4 pilot 4 breeze 4 feel 4 bleeker 4 thinking 4 heart 4 stumbled 4 second 4 pretty 4 telling 4 nose 4 drawn 4 ten 4 sweet 4 thousands 4 wind 4 nice 4 were n't 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 smashed 4 ring 4 decided 4 felt 4 hour 4 dim 4 you ' ve 4 raised 4 missing 4 between 4 tommy 4 though 4 rabies 4 appeared 4 tongue 4 have n't 4 myself 4 shoulder 4 asked 4 puppy 4 got ta 4 freaks 4 meant 4 form 4 baby 4 dust 4 vanished 4 scratched 4 yes 4 are n't 4 waited 4 which 4 buck 4 small 4 meters 4 coming 4 school 4 finally 4 cave 4 falling 4 heavy 4 you 'll 4 hills 4 phone 4 showed 4 probe 4 sunset 4 looking 4 carry 4 us 4 belly 4 brought 4 scope 4 brain 4 bet 4 range 4 ridge 4 moved 4 times 4 entrance 4 room 4 high 3 dropped 3 nearest 3 activity 3 birds 3 presence 3 type 3 worked 3 ended 3 death 3 situation 3 appropriate 3 beard 3 certain 3 bunch 3 breath 3 drunk 3 rose 3 grounds 3 thigh 3 person 3 green 3 yellow 3 vast 3 slipped 3 working 3 threw 3 dug 3 eventually 3 rendered 3 vista 3 eating 3 might ' ve 3 bobcat 3 huge 3 mostly 3 poitier 3 whoever 3 bottom 3 scotch 3 faint 3 plain 3 jar 3 foot 3 gets 3 pressed 3 today 3 howled 3 designed 3 tb 3 hawk 3 ears 3 booze 3 sick 3 pack 3 experience 3 entire 3 plastic 3 listened 3 sea 3 recording 3 csi 3 expected 3 never 3 habitat 3 roots 3 action 3 woke 3 basin 3 month 3 shacks 3 watching 3 snapping 3 model 3 static 3 tightened 3 fist 3 billy 3 flip 3 case 3 bloody 3 together 3 chopper 3 original 3 bob 3 touched 3 crawled 3 wound 3 traps 3 past 3 gave 3 run 3 our 3 farm 3 large 3 removed 3 neck 3 sierras 3 central 3 smiled 3 image 3 b5 3 sorry 3 data 3 tranquilizer 3 chest 3 juniper 3 love 3 horror 3 briefing 3 feeling 3 army 3 mix 3 thanks 3 each 3 count 3 bone 3 navigating 3 piss 3 pieces 3 money 3 testing 3 forward 3 bird 3 peanut 3 bugs 3 we ' ve 3 sprawled 3 thousand 3 happen 3 ugly 3 stalking 3 flight 3 fact 3 cause 3 fucked 3 acrid 3 blind 3 recall 3 became 3 sniffing 3 handle 3 equipment 3 wilderness 3 west 3 lemonade 3 cleared 3 state 3 knuckles 3 less 3 insects 3 whiskey 3 hit 3 branches 3 leather 3 worry 3 hanging 3 chewed 3 fabric 3 ragged 3 friends 3 regarded 3 music 3 broke 3 playing 3 space 3 likely 3 wedged 3 scuttled 3 settled 3 break 3 sounded 3 must 3 seemed 3 body 3 single 3 beans 3 pocket 3 compartment 3 digging 3 kids 3 stag 3 dunno 3 crates 3 hurt 3 wooden 3 toilet 3 spoon 3 stir 3 alive 3 crash 3 write 3 dressed 3 broken 3 reports 3 cot 3 weird 3 walking 3 train 3 strange 3 leaned 3 idea 3 slightly 3 air 3 shook 3 scores 3 used 3 true 3 beneath 3 remote 3 walls 3 different 3 believe 3 quickly 3 moving 3 creepy 3 change 3 clicked 3 remember 3 glowed 3 anarchists 3 event 3 best 3 tape 3 machine 3 lungs 3 sort 3 kilometers 3 low 3 realized 3 held 3 clear 3 cigarette 3 pain 3 circled 3 stepped 3 such 3 shape 3 evil 3 yard 3 deer 3 sexy 3 cell 3 five 3 closer 3 ranch 3 dying 3 core 3 mud 3 cloud 3 guys 3 hunter 3 acid 3 short 3 grabbed 3 sister 3 needles 3 butter 3 hips 3 returned 3 grinned 3 perhaps 3 above 3 keyboard 3 thin 3 consciousness 2 mighty 2 belonged 2 threshold 2 motionless 2 super 2 silly 2 knew 2 favorite 2 project 2 lonely 2 check 2 cow 2 revenge 2 wo n't 2 partially 2 top 2 fuckers 2 local 2 musk 2 directly 2 alaska 2 jagged 2 1 2 hawks 2 hive 2 government 2 cooked 2 fresh 2 serious 2 trickled 2 bar 2 fine 2 taught 2 supply 2 boot 2 poor 2 expanse 2 spend 2 already 2 cracks 2 saying 2 forensics 2 jars 2 gig 2 stroked 2 position 2 twinkled 2 table 2 caps 2 nest 2 curled 2 crater 2 shorts 2 dissolved 2 house 2 detail 2 wiring 2 smacked 2 met 2 positioned 2 denial 2 sage 2 referred 2 research 2 lunch 2 center 2 bring 2 relentless 2 monitors 2 arrived 2 cabinet 2 infrared 2 mom 2 power 2 blocked 2 tears 2 witnessed 2 samples 2 they 'll 2 girl 2 flick 2 rex 2 abruptly 2 wet 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 let 's 2 crackers 2 third 2 preceding 2 wrote 2 buses 2 religious 2 shock 2 bad 2 clamped 2 ashes 2 below 2 haunted 2 batteries 2 speak 2 stirred 2 closely 2 scrub 2 boulders 2 landscape 2 wreck 2 vaquero 2 whined 2 tad 2 extended 2 die 2 jumpsuit 2 shannon 2 freakin ' 2 spirits 2 post 2 tail 2 opposite 2 four 2 jessica 2 fanned 2 honey 2 horses 2 billings 2 beast 2 weak 2 region 2 grass 2 luck 2 prairie 2 joint 2 deadly 2 aura 2 hill 2 rotten 2 main 2 gibbered 2 temple 2 blue 2 tear 2 advice 2 harsh 2 jealous 2 cage 2 twitched 2 meal 2 fat 2 life 2 talking 2 lange 2 system 2 college 2 wilds 2 wrong 2 stand 2 pushed 2 copse 2 risk 2 cattle 2 heat 2 tweed 2 beside 2 flashlight 2 match 2 boulder 2 rabbits 2 mounds 2 bitch 2 fires 2 surface 2 phantom 2 gore 2 smoked 2 picked 2 kinda 2 security 2 b6 2 hamburger 2 metal 2 feeds 2 containing 2 turn 2 specimen 2 split 2 answer 2 oil 2 harder 2 regained 2 inches 2 move 2 earlier 2 civilization 2 signs 2 brother 2 aside 2 frame 2 crouched 2 nerve 2 grab 2 mice 2 revealed 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 bed 2 literally 2 movie 2 soon 2 legend 2 chemical 2 theory 2 separated 2 accepting 2 canyons 2 beautiful 2 become 2 vicinity 2 department 2 elements 2 entering 2 supplies 2 awake 2 woman 2 pilot 's 2 aware 2 driver 2 narrow 2 prints 2 following 2 fed 2 lullaby 2 hideous 2 paranoia 2 gleamed 2 breathing 2 opportunity 2 d 2 victims 2 impressions 2 canyon 2 terror 2 stories 2 itched 2 lens 2 pal 2 boots 2 outta 2 tripped 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 finger 2 pillow 2 screamed 2 forty - five 2 parks 2 wish 2 circuit 2 geologist 2 attention 2 ornery 2 horrors 2 changed 2 crept 2 close 2 hidden 2 sloping 2 find 2 brief 2 estimated 2 year 2 ripe 2 considered 2 muscles 2 dahl 2 storm 2 fluttered 2 entrances 2 foul 2 nights 2 tonight 2 witch 2 cover 2 will 2 rain 2 wrist 2 hunters 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 stayed 2 starring 2 rim 2 problem 2 coughed 2 campsite 2 caked 2 warm 2 i 'd 2 blurry 2 worming 2 hunting 2 screen 2 cries 2 torpid 2 converted 2 removing 2 rode 2 flat 2 tired 2 mountain 2 flank 2 file 2 fly 2 family 's 2 horizon 2 fixed 2 accent 2 paper 2 vision 2 slice 2 thus 2 lately 2 csis 2 bits 2 bright 2 asleep 2 named 2 company 2 burning 2 scraped 2 shoulders 2 others 2 slept 2 carcass 2 sent 2 movies 2 property 2 sector 2 crawl 2 scuffed 2 scorched 2 shade 2 gon na 2 handed 2 vaguely 2 clothes 2 woods 2 separate 2 flickered 2 testament 2 parts 2 truth 2 lawn 2 struck 2 acceptable 2 sighed 2 somebody 2 flipping 2 filtered 2 rapidly 2 aspirin 2 stowed 2 disappeared 2 burrowed 2 rounds 2 buttons 2 older 2 buzzing 2 kidding 2 could ' ve 2 asshole 2 taking 2 consider 2 jaw 2 tractor 2 weapon 2 funny 2 eleven 2 checking 2 glanced 2 enemies 2 hole 2 ridges 2 faded 2 toggled 2 scratching 2 occurred 2 pulled 2 knocking 2 boys 2 what 's 2 mounting 2 petrified 2 cheep 2 propped 2 view 2 always 2 touch 2 forest 2 dude 2 leaked 2 suffered 2 fractured 2 leg - hold 2 toe 2 loved 2 led 2 stream 2 smug 2 muttering 2 ready 2 worse 2 denver 2 processing 2 trip 2 track 2 lair 2 guttural 2 padded 2 catsup 2 soldering 2 pool 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 is n't 2 done 2 wife 2 corner 2 screwed 2 preened 2 nightmares 2 abandoned 2 early 2 murder 2 mother 2 broad 2 panties 2 longer 2 traveled 2 give 2 creeping 2 gaze 2 figure 2 spears 2 ribs 2 scare 2 parcel 2 grime 2 scared 2 lab 2 reached 2 goodbye 2 attached 2 trained 2 immediate 2 seattle 2 useless 2 lighting 2 mounted 2 perimeter 2 moisture 2 lurked 2 spill 2 drunken 2 cassettes 2 alder 2 trap 2 also 2 scents 2 hee 2 coat 2 color 2 cubicle 2 sandal 2 chafed 2 instead 2 exposed 2 staring 2 glow 2 cut 2 evidence 2 easy 2 rise 2 dialed 2 ruined 2 rolling 2 device 2 camera 2 baked 2 hammock- 2 try 2 wings 2 stealthy 2 somebody 's 2 courage 2 chuckled 2 photographs 2 ancient 2 flipped 2 forth 2 drove 2 joined 2 dome 2 ghostly 2 floated 2 would n't 2 teeth 2 sang 2 ventured 2 bitter 2 senses 2 stepmom 2 reason 2 buddy 2 apart 2 leave 2 size 2 stretched 2 tin 2 town 2 winked 2 blank 2 acting 2 liar 2 completely 2 pathetic 2 safety 2 gold 2 waterproof 2 week 2 despite 2 buried 2 pine 2 eighteen 2 you 'd 2 lank 2 fellow 2 burn 2 latest 2 mean 2 via 2 kit 2 stick 2 leaped 2 surveillance 2 brown 2 curiosity 2 drop 2 retirement 2 stupid 2 spying 2 kilometer 2 party 2 counter 2 perspective 2 kiss 2 trying 2 badass 2 rotor 2 bullshit 2 picture 2 scene 2 play 2 noise 1 cope 1 infamous 1 orbited 1 descended 1 acreage 1 proven 1 aid 1 beats 1 awakened 1 dwelling 1 compartments 1 taken 1 edgy - she 1 scab 1 retching 1 obviously 1 campfire 1 cock 1 married 1 bering 1 shrapnel 1 cowboys 1 counted 1 experts 1 cozy 1 clang 1 practical 1 matters 1 corn 1 sinewy 1 previous 1 sacrificing 1 verified 1 inserting 1 dancing 1 synthetic 1 steadily 1 insight 1 studied 1 fauna 1 jiffy 1 1969 1 ol ' 1 board 1 photograph 1 exercise 1 discretion 1 figures 1 land 1 lights 1 chopped 1 breast 1 pasty 1 tissues 1 lucid 1 comprehended 1 arc 1 pinto 1 urban 1 festivals 1 mentally 1 wriggled 1 swings 1 shouted 1 half - hour 1 mild 1 chip 1 druids 1 reckon 1 trigger 1 warped 1 fiercely 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 observer 1 swarm 1 flooded 1 endings 1 rivers 1 magazine 1 dodging 1 bitches 1 showers 1 cackling 1 tumblers 1 cecidostiba 1 note 1 bellowed 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 conducting 1 slung 1 breeches 1 everyone 1 tables 1 matter 1 coals 1 invited 1 tinted 1 braincase 1 stifled 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 quart 1 identify 1 sleazy 1 loooved 1 ashamed 1 splitting 1 owls 1 environs 1 sink 1 depths 1 toilets 1 disquieting 1 readily 1 squatted 1 mosquito 1 ice - locked 1 hacked 1 amount 1 thrush 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 farts 1 s3 1 coats 1 radio 's 1 roald 1 woodsmen 1 impassive 1 lack 1 gallons 1 roved 1 steppes 1 zeroed 1 famous 1 ajar 1 immediately 1 trespassed 1 holy 1 gummed 1 plane 1 limped 1 mundane 1 danced 1 exacerbated 1 operative 1 ex 1 sizzle 1 return 1 intervals 1 selected 1 handling 1 antenna 1 beasley 1 mite 1 mention 1 liquid 1 precious 1 quarry 1 heads 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 reconcile 1 products 1 stirring 1 hunted 1 explicit 1 yours 1 thorn 1 snuffed 1 obstacle 1 interest 1 roared 1 inordinately 1 probational 1 bulldozed 1 sickos 1 resorted 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 matted 1 bleary 1 incoherent 1 occulted 1 screened 1 meanwhile 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 microwave 1 build 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 mound 1 crowd - and 1 backpack 1 hip 1 matting 1 poisoned 1 horse 1 arms 1 slabs 1 climbing 1 treating 1 pile 1 ex - rugby 1 unclear 1 evening 1 esophagus 1 fritz 1 word 1 goon 1 tickled 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 holding 1 hissed 1 deal 1 city 1 gospel 1 repressed 1 thickest 1 personal 1 shell 1 ranch - nor 1 punish 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 soda 1 solitaire 1 hesitation 1 pre - tended 1 backpacks 1 hated 1 strangeness 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 mossy 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 rage 1 knee 1 line 1 whenever 1 shout 1 disrespect 1 twenty - four - hour 1 fled 1 atrocities 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 b 1 timbre 1 paralyzed 1 lapse 1 partner 1 wonderful 1 spat 1 biology 1 luggage 1 helpless 1 impossibly 1 horns 1 country 1 poison 1 sports 1 obvious 1 torch 1 wire 1 retrieval 1 boar 1 agent 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 stained 1 david 1 visors 1 realizing 1 tomahawk 1 tooth 1 wonder 1 bizarrely 1 does 1 organic 1 vents 1 outside 1 nice - a 1 cultists 1 swooped 1 process 1 speculate 1 blasted 1 rapture 1 passive 1 young 1 combing 1 burial 1 keith 1 hideout 1 penetrated 1 offline 1 spiked 1 reflexively 1 laugh 1 powered 1 black - the 1 mellow 1 perfect 1 mat - ter 1 boonies 1 viewports 1 tale 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 indicated 1 drifted 1 birth 1 wiped 1 sickens 1 dwell 1 documents 1 both 1 sign - and 1 breastbone 1 lectured 1 overcome 1 lighted 1 intercom 1 decisions 1 sneered 1 male 1 inexorably 1 tearful 1 forbidden 1 spied 1 prior 1 resupply 1 obliterate 1 property - their 1 bore 1 summers 1 debacle 1 plotted 1 knocks 1 drinking 1 located 1 pass 1 slab 1 plowed 1 jeep 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 swiftly 1 chorus 1 half - kilometer 1 speaking 1 forgetting 1 gnats 1 total 1 grip 1 elaborateness 1 zoomed 1 excitement 1 flares 1 mine 1 bogeymen 1 ambled 1 object 1 add 1 existence 1 pinch 1 tv 1 including 1 control 1 trotted 1 mumble 1 puffs 1 cooped 1 morphed 1 bothering 1 universe 1 portion 1 itself 1 barb 1 mapping 1 happens 1 hoax 1 dumped 1 chambered 1 downplayed 1 folks 1 maps - according 1 caves 1 kenya 1 cocked 1 oblivious 1 negative 1 stole 1 mate 1 crevices 1 transport 1 wavering 1 hate 1 limed 1 unknowable 1 crevice 1 gulp 1 muscular 1 nakedness 1 blur 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 academic 1 clues 1 altered 1 dosed 1 twitch 1 o'clock 1 russians 1 furrows 1 multiple 1 approach 1 gut 1 horrible 1 deeper 1 revealing 1 pounds 1 groundhogs 1 bleeker 's 1 unsnapped 1 cultist 1 squeaked 1 c'm on 1 drink 1 recently 1 dad 1 threat 1 character 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 lover 1 rather 1 aussie 1 convulsing 1 stuff 1 tick 1 packs 1 lady 1 complaints 1 whispered 1 age 1 lions 1 scrawny 1 backbone 1 trait 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 punched 1 classes 1 undone 1 fetal 1 sickeningly 1 higher 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 blistered 1 rising 1 symbols 1 recesses 1 cramped 1 60s 1 plural 1 steel 1 key 1 save 1 it 'd 1 strangling 1 magnified 1 tyson 1 who 'd 1 screens 1 stubble 1 ticking 1 severely 1 unhurriedly 1 replaced 1 alighted 1 significant 1 improvised 1 retaliating 1 idle 1 forms 1 mangled 1 unbuckling 1 ethereal 1 blinked 1 crappy 1 reverberated 1 toga 1 yanking 1 soccer 1 height 1 capable 1 singing 1 talk 1 hmm 1 impaired 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 enunciating 1 adulthood 1 subtle 1 pot 1 scrupulous 1 comes 1 marriage 1 fix 1 berth 1 chilly 1 arrive 1 poised 1 prowl 1 pooled 1 snored 1 connection 1 exultance 1 interminable 1 twenty - minute 1 cotton 1 steel - gray 1 jehovah 1 war 1 glaciated 1 fairly 1 crotches 1 attend 1 burrowing 1 fringes 1 lynching 1 wished 1 arrival 1 kaleidoscope 1 fork 1 whoom 1 climbed 1 peep 1 shindig 1 affected 1 aiming 1 anti - establishment 1 meaningful 1 rolled 1 erasing 1 snickered 1 eccentricity 1 terrified 1 producer 1 incinerated 1 caught 1 rummy 1 rippled 1 decayed 1 blecher 1 arranged 1 simple 1 opener 1 perched 1 cycle 1 furniture 1 volition 1 blame 1 mastering 1 mitigating 1 erased 1 concentrating 1 emerging 1 suggest 1 glint 1 aviator 1 panting 1 shimmered 1 misshapen 1 coils 1 worn 1 jokes 1 snake 1 segregated 1 bowl 1 media 1 anybody 1 binoculars 1 lifting 1 pick 1 winding 1 tuned 1 pumped 1 chalk 1 uncomfortably 1 hunched 1 gore - splattered 1 reminded 1 yesterday 1 pathological 1 rape 1 think - and 1 apocalyptic 1 busting 1 daybreak 1 studies 1 silent 1 affixed 1 decibels 1 drained 1 aberrant 1 freaky 1 troll 1 trapped 1 welled 1 tangled 1 shine 1 crowbar 1 loath 1 opening 1 simon 1 popped 1 satanists 1 mucky 1 atmosphere 1 bundy 1 bare 1 orange 1 sacrificed 1 revived 1 sometime 1 happening 1 curdled 1 permanent 1 sunshine 1 symptoms 1 flashes 1 massacre 1 long - term 1 one - not 1 battery 1 turning 1 maker 's 1 some - how 1 act 1 closing 1 throw 1 overhanging 1 equaled 1 oak 1 juices 1 sliver 1 flinging 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 isolated 1 how 's 1 national 1 appears 1 reserve 1 punch 1 dopey 1 terrible 1 infiltrating 1 inaudible 1 hefted 1 ramshackle 1 cross - legged 1 assortment 1 keyed 1 brains 1 snugged 1 care 1 remaining 1 touchy 1 crap 1 clutched 1 spilled 1 explain 1 dynamics 1 retrieved 1 seized 1 pressing 1 shuddered 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 rank 1 quick 1 highly 1 slow 1 squirming 1 instinct 1 underbrush 1 map 1 masturbated 1 distortion 1 intensely 1 ickiest 1 possibility 1 cigarettes 1 suspicious 1 molten 1 survive 1 populations 1 vicinity - they 'd 1 emanated 1 southern 1 buzzed 1 bushel 1 homesteaders 1 climate 1 riding 1 pondering 1 horned 1 series 1 predator 1 outdoors 1 30 -- 1 spongy 1 places 1 slight 1 running 1 bucket 1 killers 1 nervous 1 gash 1 switch 1 haze 1 mistake 1 shoe 1 outlines 1 effectively 1 hostile 1 slip 1 blow 1 primal 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 articles 1 sites 1 spew 1 strode 1 lotion 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 rhythm 1 lifestyle 1 reputation 1 toxic 1 vitality 1 labyrinthine 1 wallets 1 smelling 1 bodies 1 girls 1 hardcore 1 munching 1 screwier 1 guessed 1 outdoor 1 formed 1 primitive 1 normal 1 stiff 1 enervated 1 dreary 1 clearing 1 handful 1 canned 1 chill 1 writhing 1 goods 1 wells 1 grimace 1 groove 1 whores 1 games 1 squirting 1 cheap 1 spooky 1 advised 1 kernel 1 dirt - munching 1 operation 1 breathy 1 transportation 1 rotting 1 redness 1 buttocks 1 pole 1 art 1 allentown 1 licked 1 footpath 1 members 1 sensation 1 haunts 1 prism 1 sworn 1 grin 1 homeboys 1 law 1 argento - style 1 pyrenees 1 collective 1 mentioning 1 protective 1 agony 1 understood 1 condos 1 seat 1 gulch 1 detonated 1 shelters 1 gear 1 kerosene 1 anxiety 1 short - short 1 antiquated 1 mucus 1 nail 1 agricultural 1 brutally 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 wandering 1 flute 1 features 1 letting 1 hygiene 1 preferred 1 twisting 1 please 1 everybody 1 ceremonies 1 shit 's 1 sequence 1 contents 1 waved 1 behaviors 1 malls 1 hack 1 distinct 1 sledgehammer 1 vas 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 unlock 1 moore 1 surge 1 jaws 1 nah 1 moments 1 smuggled 1 layer 1 bitch 's 1 opened 1 glistening 1 union 1 dulled 1 enormous 1 detection 1 creepiest 1 remains 1 notice 1 group 1 ch 1 motion 1 yipped 1 unintelligible 1 tales 1 five - year - old 1 sparks 1 provided 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 rained 1 mayhem 1 reenactment 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 insignificance 1 bark 1 dropping 1 laughter 1 psych 1 co - opt 1 creature 1 paying 1 pamphlets 1 roads 1 memory 1 laird 1 shred 1 throats 1 urged 1 limescale 1 types 1 nubian 1 bones 1 solar 1 limestone 1 satisfy 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 slammer 1 puffed 1 scrabbled 1 sullen 1 bicycles 1 force 1 disperse 1 pictures 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 manitou 1 badlands 1 strike 1 unlocked 1 lairs 1 stall 1 brightened 1 expect 1 silverware 1 burned 1 wounded 1 softer 1 starvation 1 history 1 fit 1 louder 1 observing 1 seems 1 deranged 1 living 1 obscuring 1 follow 1 continued 1 tournament 1 tortured 1 strength 1 um - hm 1 outbreak 1 zero 1 sedative 1 crunched 1 ankle 1 generation 1 every - thing 1 attracted 1 c1 1 chose 1 sliding 1 mop 1 stud 1 depots 1 mud - encrusted 1 plate 1 credulous 1 record 1 kowtowed 1 jellified 1 bio 1 sixty 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 uncharacteristic 1 they 're 1 northeast 1 camouflage 1 glittering 1 vibration 1 scenario 1 was - christ 1 whistled 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 vulnerability 1 microwaved 1 gophers 1 enclosure 1 stifle 1 unease 1 foothold 1 angles 1 blouse 1 levering 1 irrational 1 scream 1 america 1 claustrophobia 1 circling 1 poker 1 growing 1 vicious 1 slumped 1 ex - lover 1 console 1 pus 1 trophy 1 portland- 1 placenta 1 cramp 1 wave 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 hillside 1 leg 1 briskly 1 protect 1 gored 1 herself 1 reported 1 shirtless 1 mumbling 1 tagged 1 chew 1 bowels 1 horn 's 1 furry 1 programmed 1 child 1 subcontractors 1 vietnam 1 scouted 1 circumference 1 dracula 's 1 stomping 1 onto 1 composite 1 bastards 1 talented 1 briefings 1 sturdy 1 cultures 1 miles 1 images 1 low - grade 1 slaves 1 phones 1 stations 1 malt 1 wan na 1 angel 1 buckle 1 ways 1 emerged 1 niches 1 whether 1 forever 1 penny 1 send 1 states 1 dorm 1 buoyed 1 devil 's 1 puddles 1 forty - eight 1 reminisce 1 settings 1 sprang 1 unconsciousness 1 screw - on 1 trampled 1 mule 1 nightly 1 stuttered 1 cocksuckers 1 researchers 1 ninety - minute 1 promise 1 spattered 1 conceivable 1 assess 1 slow - moving 1 trembled 1 squirrels 1 sacred 1 rubbed 1 orphaned 1 screw 1 tenderly 1 impulsiveness 1 travois - ing 1 pant 1 bounty 1 belligerent 1 progress 1 minor 1 visitation 1 fields 1 mixed 1 jiggle 1 anthropomorphic 1 auctioned 1 motives 1 special 1 packing 1 cowpokes 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 generally 1 compliment 1 howard 1 afterglow 1 sagebrush 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 leaning 1 reality 1 itch 1 menacing 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 grimy 1 low - income 1 recognized 1 savanna 1 anyone 1 pleasant 1 demo 1 doubt 1 midterm 1 nestled 1 thudding 1 caliper 1 block 1 straight - to - video 1 eight 1 however 1 chafe 1 why 'd 1 hiss 1 grow 1 chablis 1 zap 1 double 1 years ' 1 beat 1 stung 1 cap 1 shots 1 kansas 1 violin 1 blown 1 swirled 1 rats 1 epidemic 1 sourness 1 pitchfork 1 vet 1 flicked 1 hardly 1 ram 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 crushed 1 eager 1 dad 's 1 averaged 1 immensity 1 splat 1 clumping 1 streaks 1 crumpled 1 gnat 1 joyous 1 blowflies 1 blinded 1 rabid 1 prey 1 repulsed 1 insidious 1 soft - eyed 1 lure 1 pull - down 1 patterns 1 recoiling 1 verged 1 assignment 1 ceiling 1 song 1 bole 1 caved 1 report 1 whatever 's 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 long - lost 1 taxidermy 1 sounding 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 crawling 1 bursts 1 japan - the 1 desert 1 imagined 1 boring 1 7 mm 1 nomads 1 nested 1 garfunkel 1 carson 1 downturned 1 conscious 1 shrieks 1 rocky 1 afflicted 1 followers 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 parking 1 breakfast 1 blizzard 1 kin 1 locker 1 indigents 1 descaling 1 half - dozen 1 anticipated 1 sounds 1 hello 1 visuals 1 mountainous 1 rule 1 direction 1 knocked 1 investigating 1 halves 1 neither 1 skin 1 footprints 1 yellow - tinted 1 rescue 1 squeamish 1 clinched 1 migrating 1 doctor 1 milliseconds 1 seeped 1 lifeless 1 grim 1 insane 1 braced 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shotgun 1 scrunched 1 thickened 1 captured 1 future 1 quite 1 knows 1 yelped 1 easy - it 's 1 refer 1 vertical 1 ill 1 nonetheless 1 folklore 1 sewage 1 stared - stared 1 hooked 1 lanterns 1 shatterproof 1 absolutely 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 secrecy 1 weigh 1 tight 1 robbing 1 generators 1 papier - m 1 eon 1 things - a 1 windblown 1 junipers 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 barefoot 1 pecked 1 ached 1 arced 1 carnivorous 1 overhead 1 southeastern 1 pin - wheeling 1 drag 1 lookout 1 feels 1 strong 1 comforts 1 olympic 1 balanced 1 partition 1 eh 1 alike 1 almighty 1 bible 1 snags 1 humor 1 dreadful 1 paced 1 weekly 1 indeed 1 making 1 benches 1 billowing 1 undulated 1 beaten 1 matches 1 myth 1 curtains 1 earthen 1 stopped 1 shithouse 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 homies 1 museum 1 slick 1 storage 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 steelworkers 1 roll 1 father 's 1 pitch 1 sand 1 ranks 1 scratches 1 hostel 1 steam 1 bequeathed 1 red - lit 1 altars 1 chimpanzees 1 incarnate 1 pricked 1 suit 1 numerous 1 disturbing 1 interference 1 bomb 1 rainforest 1 fixated 1 boiling 1 droppings 1 paltry 1 exclamation 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 connected 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 swarming 1 unzipped 1 martian 1 awoke 1 outdated 1 lunatic 1 special - ties 1 thrill - killing 1 gasped 1 sop 1 vodka 1 selves 1 scenery 1 hull 1 rife 1 analysis 1 collected 1 narks 1 hank 1 analyzing 1 snare 1 tall 1 laphroaig 1 tasted 1 sloughing 1 man - made 1 weapons 1 unlimber 1 unfortunately 1 smash 1 quality 1 extreme 1 spiritually 1 hanger 1 buddy - boy 1 often 1 vacation 1 remembered 1 notes 1 handfuls 1 raw 1 industriously 1 crashing 1 hi 1 hiking 1 960s 1 flitted 1 weariness 1 adds 1 dart 1 withstand 1 contacts 1 satan 1 difficulty 1 nails 1 cuffs 1 sob 1 waste 1 washed 1 robots 1 described 1 bus 1 fluorescent 1 same 1 believed 1 vertically 1 rich 1 limned 1 stuffing 1 t - shirt 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 scrim 1 scary 1 seventy - two 1 shoddy 1 red - tail 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 pitiful 1 choose 1 playmate - era 1 wren 1 dario 1 leaving 1 middle 1 occupied 1 nude 1 rat 1 displayed 1 younger 1 doubled 1 mumbled 1 reinforce 1 gps 1 galvanized 1 eat 1 function 1 raspy 1 gelatin 1 motor 1 pinhole 1 shouting 1 cat 1 guilty 1 pissed 1 husked 1 rumor 1 barren 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 ticked 1 spot 1 woodsman 1 spread 1 ones 1 ass 1 massaged 1 extents 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 decomposed 1 slam 1 plays 1 soles 1 nostrils 1 transfixed 1 turnoffs 1 beastie 1 carefully 1 shower 1 buncha 1 chain 1 engine 1 rack 1 society 1 hiding 1 bury 1 busy 1 tree - hugging 1 forced 1 intrigued 1 focus 1 washboard 1 theremin 1 basis 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 ability 1 token 1 suspect 1 lingered 1 ascertaining 1 profit 1 ri - i - ght - i ' m 1 convenient 1 strings 1 book 1 airlifted 1 fourteen 1 fumbling 1 weeds 1 judgment 1 responded 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 slid 1 dissipated 1 deliver 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 savage 1 trash 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 dinner 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 bolted 1 attack 1 vets 1 retched 1 ruts 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 unwitting 1 career 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 branch 1 hardy 1 urge 1 motive 1 offer 1 slashes 1 kill 1 thumb 1 collar 1 door - nails 1 escape 1 rails 1 docile 1 trudging 1 salt 1 collects 1 scattering 1 morphine 1 bronze 1 permeated 1 eyelids 1 occult 1 shift 1 hydroponics 1 women 1 healthy 1 bra 1 wheedling 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 mood 1 spackled 1 balled 1 racing 1 sleek 1 alley 1 pattern 1 fully 1 product 1 studying 1 entry 1 children 1 patiently 1 chiseled 1 whine 1 subside 1 pits 1 problems 1 freeze 1 lowering 1 nine - month 1 smarts 1 dating 1 satanism 1 lowered 1 skunk 1 dangling 1 shone 1 foam 1 counselor 1 espionage 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scooped 1 mudder 1 follows 1 thought- 1 anyhow 1 scientist 1 hummed 1 lit 1 imagination 1 techs 1 able 1 demons 1 staking 1 interests 1 hooking 1 landlady 1 titillating 1 style 1 path 1 costume 1 signal 1 pursue 1 hooch 1 right - definitely 1 marsh 1 american 1 drew 1 chuckle 1 smudged 1 withdrew 1 some - thing 1 barbary 1 shifty 1 numbly 1 television 1 sift 1 contrary 1 shattered 1 vibrator 1 scummy 1 bent 1 kinks 1 involved 1 blurred 1 diabetes 1 parents 1 verisimilitude 1 northern 1 god - awful 1 vcr 1 cinders 1 stage - whispered 1 foothills 1 assertion 1 intact 1 composted 1 surroundings 1 darted 1 murdered 1 university 1 friendly 1 semifascia 1 backward 1 crackled 1 swarmed 1 dogs 1 is - for 1 eclipsed 1 clearly 1 cripes 1 deformed 1 nobody 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 backbreaking 1 committed 1 northwest 1 disapproved 1 therapist 1 glad 1 decomposition 1 boards 1 sucked 1 discovered 1 replaying 1 sit 1 moth 1 county 1 teams 1 ravine 1 rap 1 rawhide 1 gritted 1 powerful 1 manner 1 bloated 1 stabbed 1 escalate 1 sexless 1 organ 1 species 1 besides 1 fossilized 1 wants 1 acres 1 economy 1 covers 1 unpacked 1 mike 1 cosmic 1 loincloths 1 redecorated 1 sucker 1 slashing 1 beasts 1 washington 1 sluices 1 rubbing 1 haha 1 biologists 1 lone 1 wildly 1 sparse 1 mad 1 packaged 1 rattlesnake 1 grains 1 leopold 1 encased 1 acutely 1 choice 1 feverish 1 pools 1 laid 1 shipped 1 holes 1 dreams 1 she 's 1 has n't 1 warmth 1 repeatedly 1 office 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 dialing 1 innocently 1 stony 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 o ' 1 potential 1 concentrated 1 pale 1 native 1 grandkids 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 bolt 1 row 1 headquarters 1 spoor 1 sharp 1 statue 1 diapers 1 insensate 1 antivenin 1 functioned 1 caress 1 fleeing 1 level 1 bored 1 carved 1 vehicle 1 foreground 1 sweeps 1 photo - graphs 1 tarpaper 1 querulous 1 says 1 peed 1 kit - ten 1 bull 1 enormity 1 linked 1 inconceivable 1 stranded 1 knees 1 beam 1 dragging 1 perspiration 1 celt 1 mall 1 terrors 1 stench 1 grab - ass 1 frequency 1 spring 1 struggle 1 zoology 1 locking 1 humped 1 hearsay 1 forefinger 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 coverts 1 garbled 1 unwelcome 1 cocktail 1 streaming 1 emergency 1 four - wheeler 1 straight 1 oils 1 rough - housing 1 equal 1 cluster 1 glancing 1 road 1 whimper 1 niche 1 rough 1 gnawing 1 jogged 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 survival 1 plague 1 prick 1 attracts 1 military 1 grandfather 1 chateau 1 bite 1 glossed 1 whites 1 limp 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 scary - looking 1 unpleasant 1 seed 1 constructed 1 lain 1 stakes 1 dahmer 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 while - the 1 flicks 1 touches 1 tarps 1 worm 1 tracked 1 thrills 1 ryoko 1 overwhelming 1 coast 1 argue 1 sneaking 1 dismissed 1 crow 's 1 flu 1 malice 1 genteel 1 friendship 1 hid 1 may 1 leads 1 lamps 1 enforcement 1 burrow 1 diamond 1 emergence 1 depression 1 otherwise 1 gravel 1 installed 1 entrapped 1 hers 1 should ' ve 1 wrists 1 glances 1 optic 1 forearm 1 accept 1 880s 1 asshole - ishness 1 runaways 1 moonlight 1 quivered 1 gloom 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 exchanging 1 creep 1 solid 1 daylight 1 beware 1 veins 1 further 1 pouch 1 sign 1 impulse 1 puzzling 1 battle 1 knock 1 casualness 1 roosts 1 fetish 1 newspaper 1 rocked 1 flickering 1 crisp 1 surveyed 1 realize 1 psychobabble 1 inert 1 leaking 1 floating 1 initially 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 sold 1 resolve 1 exploded 1 wrecked 1 step 1 meh 1 miserably 1 winded 1 haunches 1 column 1 stress 1 hindenburg 1 proved 1 brushed 1 charged 1 crudely 1 heels 1 having 1 half - straddled 1 tremor 1 tradition 1 suppurating 1 slowly 1 promising 1 contemplated 1 antipathy 1 familiar 1 manipulating 1 humidity 1 fsb 1 gobbledygook 1 adjusted 1 radius 1 shave 1 rot 1 cried 1 question 1 point 1 dredge 1 retreated 1 uncomfortable 1 stymied 1 gazing 1 loop 1 winds 1 makes 1 does n't 1 egg 1 wired 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 horrified 1 lied 1 ooo - weee - ooo 1 scrape 1 roosted 1 cancer 1 plodded 1 sinister 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 hurled 1 visible 1 bubbled 1 anger 1 watered 1 fidget 1 documented 1 crashed 1 some- 1 should n't 1 reading 1 stinging 1 stellar 1 handbags 1 assume 1 lumps 1 strung 1 awaken 1 kilos 1 former 1 tents 1 collect 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 siberian 1 shackled 1 ask 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 lowlands 1 pup 1 c 1 slammed 1 shelf 1 insubstantial 1 sadist 1 dozen 1 throbbed 1 blade 1 exhaustion 1 sun - bleached 1 pink 1 especially 1 baseball 1 unlikely 1 shanties 1 furious 1 standing 1 stoic 1 devilry 1 pure 1 dozed 1 fifty 1 clasped 1 cougar 1 sensational 1 sidney 1 advancing 1 sub - conscious 1 stumble 1 torn 1 rigs 1 hangover 1 72 1 bother 1 tapping 1 shipping 1 ivory 1 inclination 1 siesta 1 steamy 1 mountain- 1 chrissake 1 felled 1 skulls 1 dial 1 barron 1 authentic 1 claimed 1 centimeters 1 french 1 gentle 1 excavation 1 rural 1 likes 1 desertion 1 holyfield 1 complications 1 discovers 1 nut 1 required - the 1 struts 1 blending 1 wiry 1 circumstances 1 piled 1 vain 1 camouflaged 1 sleeves 1 pockets 1 read 1 envisioned 1 yummy 1 killed 1 ascending 1 anonymous 1 reeds 1 socket 1 paint 1 hustle 1 despise 1 pines 1 almonds 1 window 1 played 1 purpose 1 compulsion 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 pall 1 current 1 uncapped 1 lingering 1 scurried 1 breakdown 1 script 1 heat - i 'd 1 l 1 1965 1 scent 1 exception 1 outgrew 1 catch 1 grain 1 sunburn 1 honey - pie 1 headed 1 north 1 decaying 1 chick - ens 1 peace 1 what - the - hell - ever 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 chamber 1 relaxed 1 waves 1 bathed 1 unspoken 1 hatred 1 rotate 1 serpentine 1 creases 1 great - great - great 1 patch 1 tepees 1 amid 1 ate 1 coagulated 1 gacy 1 round 1 dubious 1 weather 1 remarried 1 catbirds 1 passwords 1 swapped 1 intrusive 1 common 1 designated 1 instantly 1 zigzagged 1 retrieve 1 wept 1 vulpine 1 gobbled 1 throughout 1 nocturnal 1 discarded 1 snowy 1 candescent 1 camcorder 1 compass 1 tried 1 1970 1 cracking 1 participate 1 jewelry 1 locate 1 correct 1 alas 1 owl 1 gradually 1 awhile 1 bro 1 lotus 1 sanity 1 accustomed 1 skies 1 flies 1 angry 1 coiled 1 lovely 1 nine 1 temples 1 quiet 1 flexible 1 utter 1 task 1 filled 1 o 1 largest 1 sickness 1 fooled 1 has 1 housing 1 club 1 proliferation 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 list 1 ravening 1 happier 1 accident 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 dozens 1 unclenched 1 recordings 1 seem 1 glance 1 apprised 1 suddenly 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 simplest 1 supper 1 section 1 edged 1 bunting 1 desk 1 nobody 's 1 lightning 1 complain 1 orgy 1 math 1 boiled 1 spending 1 hotel 1 cuddle 1 tendons 1 ex - girlfriend 1 scripting 1 fired 1 peeking 1 two - star 1 ax 1 sneaked 1 shirt 1 timer 1 keeps 1 saliva 1 alter 1 silt 1 quadrant - a 1 expense 1 muffled 1 stifling 1 throbbing 1 raise 1 rid 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 muriatic 1 affair 1 gotten 1 shovel 1 honestly 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 buster 1 concerts 1 shooting 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 words 1 translucent 1 pacify 1 tidal 1 pinched 1 apple 1 primates 1 shallow 1 chance 1 switched 1 nameless 1 greener 1 collarbone 1 obscenities 1 curtain 1 instant 1 dinners 1 millions 1 lamp 1 seats 1 unloaded 1 temperature 1 scout 1 instance 1 motherfucker 1 corpse 1 tube 1 den - the 1 panels 1 box 1 nursing 1 shiny 1 ugh 1 circuitry 1 alien 1 edgewise 1 conference 1 travois 1 mentioned 1 lolled 1 conjunction 1 humans 1 camped 1 michael 1 skip 1 manifest 1 oozed 1 rusty 1 protocol 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 dispatched 1 thrust 1 switches 1 visitors 1 superheated 1 tumbler 1 typical 1 loosen 1 spots 1 safe 1 star 1 frenzy 1 christmas 1 sin 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 personnel 1 feral 1 ice 1 pointed 1 mosey 1 clacking 1 huh 1 works 1 noted 1 stomach 1 fool 1 consuming 1 texas 1 searing 1 chin 1 crossed 1 functionary 1 fireball 1 overlooking 1 valor 1 long - gone 1 syrup 1 sadly 1 chops 1 sunlight 1 spared 1 exhibits 1 can not 1 idiot 1 scuffle 1 ancients 1 mark 1 distrust 1 listen 1 hoarse 1 dashed 1 bought 1 hopped 1 flirted 1 sunny 1 perform 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 nodded 1 rail 1 gift 1 quits 1 dresses 1 partying 1 remain 1 shake 1 taste 1 uncles 1 ivy 1 football 1 rift 1 lap 1 root 1 openings 1 silvery 1 plotting 1 reduced 1 stay 1 preached 1 live 1 scientists 1 safaris 1 sudden 1 past- 1 apartment 1 ranchers ' 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 self - sufficient 1 afterbirth 1 pupils 1 gain 1 checked 1 dummies 1 major 1 nuzzled 1 kindling 1 noises 1 decay 1 covert 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 skittered 1 keyhole 1 bastard 1 cockpit 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 fearful 1 corporations 1 analyze 1 belongs 1 bothered 1 totally 1 psst 914 .
bulldozer - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 bulldozer 570 the 404 a 277 i 269 and 247 of 224 to 180 in 149 my 117 was 104 his 100 he 88 on 81 you 75 it 66 for 66 from 65 me 64 with 63 that 55 as 47 at 39 said 38 had 37 an 37 is 34 hicks 34 him 32 this 31 i ' m 31 or 31 into 30 got 29 no 28 what 27 her 26 all 25 were 25 if 25 be 24 not 23 your 23 here 23 did n't 23 man 23 up 23 but 21 by 21 like 21 through 20 she 20 more 20 when 19 about 19 are 18 off 18 they 18 we 18 after 18 did 18 i 'd 18 some 18 do 18 out 17 do n't 17 rueben 16 who 16 back 16 them 16 over 15 get 15 he 's 15 eyes 15 one 15 so 15 too 15 been 14 its 14 octavia 14 where 14 another 14 now 14 butler 13 there 13 violet 13 was n't 13 than 13 came 13 three 13 these 12 murtaugh 12 that 's 12 have 12 trosper 12 mouth 12 you 're 12 before 11 black 11 right 11 under 11 might 11 it 's 11 i 'll 11 ever 11 how 11 time 10 sheriff 10 gone 10 could 10 down 10 pinkerton 10 face 10 long 10 dust 10 hand 10 first 9 even 9 would 9 something 9 jake 9 many 9 koenig 9 just 9 left 9 come 9 know 9 mullen 9 their 9 take 9 see 9 has 9 tell 9 enough 9 room 8 can 8 men 8 think 8 hell 8 nothing 8 old 8 he 'd 8 way 8 little 8 say 8 iron 8 took 8 water 8 whole 8 professor 8 close 8 any 8 most 8 then 8 mr 8 thought 8 hung 8 camp 8 across 8 while 8 head 7 told 7 open 7 hair 7 dead 7 ai n't 7 two 7 each 7 much 7 seen 7 gun 7 circus 7 made 7 once 7 ca n't 7 purdon 7 hotel 7 gold 6 really 6 few 6 p 6 real 6 girl 6 behind 6 t 6 every 6 care 6 own 6 our 6 hands 6 great 6 work 6 went 6 light 6 again 6 still 6 upon 6 nice 6 barnum 6 blood 6 whiskey 6 make 6 you ' ve 6 glass 6 i ' ve 6 why 6 day 6 hole 6 what 's 6 always 6 lost 6 holes 6 she 's 6 well 6 world 6 yes 6 teeth 6 ranch 6 until 6 fellow 6 around 5 knew 5 people 5 honeybee 5 earth 5 mining 5 red 5 fingers 5 butler 's 5 want 5 late 5 oh 5 never 5 lips 5 belphegor 5 mister 5 girls 5 later 5 thick 5 pistol 5 without 5 forty - mile 5 leaves 5 new 5 money 5 ceiling 5 only 5 good 5 probably 5 least 5 others 5 against 5 between 5 tommy 5 am 5 dunno 5 because 5 o ' 5 train 5 pinky 5 ground 5 hard 5 best 5 shot 5 floor 5 you 'll 5 turned 5 bottle 5 days 5 town 5 thing 5 along 5 years 5 above 4 twenty 4 eye 4 things 4 somethin ' 4 bar 4 yellow 4 house 4 longrifle 4 boy 4 folks 4 rather 4 die 4 gets 4 four 4 fire 4 levi 4 jonah 4 near 4 blue 4 corruption 4 god 4 arm 4 bloody 4 maybe 4 months 4 dear 4 shit 4 conversation 4 getting 4 brothers 4 rest 4 shadows 4 sure 4 miles 4 father 4 among 4 stop 4 chan 4 there 's 4 rain 4 knows 4 cedar 4 dry 4 stars 4 heard 4 weeks 4 sun 4 last 4 next 4 almost 4 uh 4 yet 4 inside 4 book 4 put 4 though 4 could ' ve 4 deputy 4 other 4 except 4 himself 4 fathermother 4 friend 4 stood 4 asked 4 is n't 4 done 4 baby 4 give 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 may 4 believe 4 grove 4 madame 4 also 4 small 4 found 4 pay 4 ask 4 cigarette 4 fell 4 read 4 window 4 ancient 4 fun 4 christ 4 o 4 desk 4 completely 4 door 4 belly 4 brain 4 lay 4 place 4 saw 3 taken 3 going 3 wait 3 presence 3 dalton 3 ladies 3 flesh 3 goddamned 3 top 3 front 3 hear 3 figured 3 drunk 3 keep 3 better 3 boot 3 watch 3 doc 3 city 3 person 3 job 3 white 3 does 3 everything 3 whorehouse 3 perfect 3 piers 3 business 3 eating 3 sticks 3 hate 3 bad 3 streams 3 drink 3 recently 3 who 'd 3 here 's 3 ears 3 meat 3 according 3 hill 3 pick 3 nerves 3 shoot 3 dresser 3 lord 3 dark 3 san 3 sky 3 spoke 3 damned 3 california 3 case 3 boulder 3 variety 3 ago 3 away 3 cold 3 realm 3 lad 3 split 3 gave 3 run 3 oil 3 please 3 everybody 3 union 3 couple 3 accepted 3 bed 3 soon 3 rock 3 particular 3 smiled 3 several 3 chair 3 order 3 legs 3 started 3 second 3 love 3 pretty 3 lying 3 voice 3 weight 3 awful 3 wretched 3 let 3 sweet 3 look 3 hat 3 wall 3 very 3 became 3 strongman 3 indeed 3 west 3 campion 3 ring 3 suit 3 plenty 3 less 3 skull 3 francisco 3 branches 3 big 3 themselves 3 sent 3 dim 3 smelled 3 clothes 3 snifter 3 parts 3 parlor 3 somebody 3 mind 3 cleaned 3 seemed 3 needle 3 demons 3 drew 3 since 3 boys 3 appeared 3 nobody 3 tone 3 watched 3 sucked 3 wanted 3 wants 3 stream 3 myself 3 worse 3 dope 3 office 3 travel 3 yeah 3 shoulder 3 says 3 recalled 3 mother 3 rifle 3 being 3 could n't 3 ah 3 jesus 3 cowboy 3 waited 3 which 3 far 3 sheriff 's 3 miner 3 ha 3 nearly 3 easy 3 coming 3 railroad 3 held 3 finally 3 cave 3 such 3 scattered 3 human 3 hills 3 cell 3 showed 3 eats 3 mud 3 throat 3 name 3 bar - h 3 box 3 mentioned 3 bout 3 slapped 3 anything 3 she 'd 3 mean 3 brought 3 began 3 mark 3 magic 3 harm 3 grinned 3 effect 3 perhaps 3 piano 3 langston 2 dropped 2 load 2 mighty 2 married 2 gray 2 interview 2 imagine 2 studied 2 wild 2 seeing 2 lots 2 portal 2 thank 2 reckon 2 trigger 2 worked 2 hats 2 check 2 death 2 nature 2 slung 2 everyone 2 stretch 2 wo n't 2 south 2 partially 2 sawbones 2 doubtless 2 barrel 2 sweating 2 coats 2 show 2 beeg 2 should 2 promised 2 stone 2 minister 2 mention 2 rocks 2 yours 2 poor 2 abilities 2 waiting 2 lucky 2 knowledge 2 widows 2 yourself 2 arms 2 pile 2 peek 2 evening 2 deal 2 personal 2 wrinkled 2 happy 2 table 2 line 2 philadelphia 2 sonofabitch 2 pulse 2 spat 2 secrets 2 expression 2 maggots 2 young 2 brow 2 tuttle 2 eventually 2 drinking 2 shelves 2 nasty 2 wet 2 mine 2 doing 2 tumbled 2 universe 2 tree 2 hours 2 stole 2 ashes 2 during 2 wasting 2 contracts 2 darkness 2 foreign 2 scrub 2 whispered 2 age 2 call 2 save 2 foot 2 tad 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 pressed 2 who 's 2 today 2 talk 2 hoochie - koochie 2 natural 2 easily 2 pot 2 begets 2 nope 2 pounded 2 beast 2 bulldozer 2 handkerchief 2 listened 2 feet 2 suggest 2 melted 2 smoking 2 expected 2 mercy 2 mail 2 frisco 2 somewhere 2 infernal 2 twitched 2 coffee 2 life 2 talking 2 shifting 2 wheels 2 bumblebee 2 wrong 2 terrible 2 brand 2 crap 2 cattle 2 shuddered 2 fast 2 dull 2 visit 2 swilling 2 bitch 2 mistake 2 surface 2 sailed 2 fuck - ing 2 crack 2 those 2 trick 2 tab 2 unsteady 2 abe 2 poke 2 picked 2 primitive 2 east 2 whores 2 purple 2 kept 2 crawled 2 wound 2 grin 2 understand 2 saloon 2 dynamite 2 passed 2 introduced 2 happened 2 shame 2 nail 2 lynched 2 smart 2 answer 2 waved 2 mouths 2 jaws 2 brother 2 goes 2 frame 2 crouched 2 notice 2 home 2 tales 2 large 2 superior 2 wickedness 2 sense 2 neck 2 medical 2 dropping 2 legend 2 grand 2 end 2 miss 2 theory 2 pictures 2 strike 2 expect 2 yawns 2 letter 2 seems 2 piece 2 sticky 2 lead 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 hollow 2 cousin 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 interested 2 bound 2 heaven 2 leg 2 fall 2 smoke 2 lobby 2 egypt 2 emerged 2 states 2 rueben 's 2 boots 2 feeling 2 molly 2 nose 2 mule 2 nothin ' 2 dictionnaire 2 rubbed 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 confederates 2 full 2 s 2 reality 2 changed 2 smile 2 tom 2 anyone 2 pleasant 2 suck 2 hoped 2 blown 2 muscle 2 crushed 2 velvet 2 ten 2 kid 2 moist 2 filthy 2 storm 2 schuylkill 2 hello 2 title 2 miners 2 wind 2 cover 2 ned 2 will 2 skin 2 part 2 fa 2 settle 2 fact 2 wrist 2 swelled 2 moon 2 victim 2 means 2 stairs 2 barnum 's 2 hey 2 missionary 2 strong 2 frankly 2 handle 2 balanced 2 eh 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 wilderness 2 guy 's 2 recovered 2 retired 2 pipe 2 de 2 dance 2 decided 2 six 2 unfortunately 2 stuck 2 notes 2 fanciful 2 toward 2 washed 2 hold 2 died 2 hit 2 accidents 2 named 2 crowd 2 cheeks 2 allow 2 hanging 2 property 2 orders 2 born 2 ones 2 ass 2 murderer 2 friends 2 lotta 2 music 2 gong 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 feed 2 profit 2 likely 2 speaks 2 savage 2 settled 2 gag 2 laughing 2 spell 2 kill 2 looked 2 eediot 2 older 2 hundred 2 course 2 suppose 2 funny 2 must 2 lit 2 faces 2 american 2 pocket 2 occurred 2 ash 2 propped 2 view 2 hero 2 faculties 2 bullets 2 soft 2 tongue 2 culture 2 dressed 2 have n't 2 broken 2 condition 2 pale 2 tiny 2 coolie 2 walking 2 jake 's 2 fascination 2 detective 2 stench 2 meant 2 idea 2 empty 2 inspected 2 thief 2 rough 2 muddy 2 orphans 2 used 2 figure 2 shouts 2 evolved 2 true 2 seed 2 nor 2 looks 2 flour 2 maguires 2 windows 2 pact 2 scratched 2 daylight 2 kavanaugh 2 sign 2 laughed 2 walk 2 number 2 surely 2 glowed 2 roses 2 iris 2 rag 2 ponderous 2 names 2 question 2 breaking 2 admit 2 does n't 2 wagon 2 dread 2 chinaman 2 pungent 2 fella 2 click 2 sort 2 game 2 drank 2 collect 2 swallow 2 pink 2 shanties 2 cut 2 plugged 2 sacrifice 2 sir 2 screams 2 impossible 2 rolling 2 try 2 talkin ' 2 evelyn 2 mama 2 paint 2 prospectors 2 pines 2 played 2 evil 2 amber 2 edge 2 script 2 guess 2 present 2 heavy 2 headed 2 waves 2 smythe 2 afraid 2 either 2 handsome 2 tried 2 would n't 2 walked 2 enjoy 2 exhaust 2 noticed 2 dirt 2 tossed 2 closed 2 beaumont 2 filled 2 daddy 2 cannibal 2 list 2 glance 2 seem 2 suddenly 2 pages 2 extremely 2 babies 2 boiled 2 street 2 cloud 2 affair 2 opens 2 short 2 use 2 poster 2 week 2 chance 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 investigation 2 vest 2 grabbed 2 glasses 2 ride 2 ice 2 huh 2 showgirl 2 needles 2 mutual 2 brown 2 folk 2 accompany 2 bet 2 nearby 2 drop 2 returned 2 moved 2 live 2 kiss 2 bumped 2 decay 2 high 2 tsk 2 freak 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 descended 1 intensified 1 learned 1 ooh 1 modest 1 beats 1 london 1 coal 1 hugely 1 serve 1 obviously 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 no - good 1 cock 1 writ 1 rigid 1 hash 1 belonged 1 spade 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 sluggish 1 threshold 1 custom 1 stiffs 1 bellows 1 cylinder 1 sinewy 1 ichor 1 slack 1 seams 1 widened 1 half - seas 1 supernatural 1 seal 1 hunching 1 orbiting 1 silly 1 figures 1 photograph 1 cracked 1 close - quarters 1 gruesome 1 visage 1 elaborate 1 lights 1 pawn 1 riverbank 1 elbows 1 seasoned 1 bit 1 prim 1 lubbock 1 bakersfield 1 miracle 1 birds 1 gawd 's 1 k 1 campion 's 1 placed 1 pasty 1 peasant 1 considers 1 god 's 1 wanker 1 swig 1 gams 1 girth 1 type 1 fair 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 hauled 1 lonely 1 cool 1 smirked 1 shamed 1 share 1 yankee 1 fearthegash 1 sheets 1 philosophical 1 initials 1 dandelion 1 situation 1 naked 1 cheers 1 ashore 1 note 1 slobbery 1 8 1 mayfly 1 loaded 1 fight 1 america 's 1 colossal 1 wails 1 resembled 1 matter 1 flopped 1 finality 1 owned 1 swam 1 wobbled 1 vomited 1 formerly 1 crown 1 astronomy 1 bonus 1 pleasures 1 afternoon 1 ades 1 egg - sucker 's 1 treated 1 source 1 cept 1 thunderclap 1 environs 1 local 1 sink 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 certain 1 singsong 1 baptist 1 squatted 1 superhuman 1 education 1 meeting 1 musk 1 bunch 1 geography 1 employ 1 puckered 1 claim - jumping 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 prayer 1 excuse 1 ass - end 1 keeper 1 hackett 1 farts 1 ceremony 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 1 1 bellyful 1 suspicion 1 nests 1 hive 1 government 1 skinning 1 delaying 1 chicago 1 reverse 1 sobering 1 york 1 lack 1 occasionally 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 african 1 brogue 1 preternatural 1 breath 1 suggestively 1 labium 1 immediately 1 holy 1 peasantry 1 parallax 1 fresh 1 hatch 1 return 1 attendant 1 tack 1 blue - collar 1 megalopolises 1 wears 1 steely 1 snail 1 officially 1 river 1 hibernia 1 fine 1 quarry 1 windy 1 reconcile 1 bronzed 1 20 1 supply 1 em 1 tralalala 1 blush 1 cutter 1 glistens 1 feeding 1 78 1 utterly 1 matted 1 trailed 1 excess 1 already 1 thighs 1 cracks 1 properly 1 gratifying 1 tinkling 1 exchange 1 navigate 1 pitching 1 doffs 1 hip 1 carvings 1 consumes 1 probbly 1 veteran 1 stains 1 fugue 1 appetites 1 drugs 1 thigh 1 flash 1 fold 1 gig 1 delights 1 champion 1 word 1 building 1 stolidly 1 stare 1 pelts 1 debauchery 1 maggot 1 hissed 1 infrequently 1 pillar 1 suspicions 1 reformed 1 owner 1 banker 1 pearl 1 squalid 1 clowns 1 prancing 1 carnivore 's 1 26 1 recognize 1 kissed 1 green 1 sashay 1 pulverized 1 nest 1 lawmen 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 sweaty 1 chthonian 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 whenever 1 rituals 1 furnace 1 fled 1 sidled 1 ventilated 1 hallelujah 1 vast 1 wonderful 1 impressed 1 quailed 1 reflection 1 fungus 1 shat 1 starter 1 set 1 navel 1 obvious 1 flames 1 y'beat 1 spoiled 1 detail 1 smacked 1 sputtered 1 squint 1 met 1 lawman 1 flared 1 houses 1 assassins 1 satyr 1 swooped 1 performed 1 saint 1 tributaries 1 smitten 1 passive 1 colloidal 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 half - mast 1 burial 1 loco 1 senseless 1 bring 1 reflexively 1 deeds 1 scrawl 1 benefactor 1 sight 1 dragged 1 trunk 1 decipher 1 glitzy 1 winchester 1 arrived 1 functionally 1 cabinet 1 scourged 1 sponge 1 relented 1 tale 1 driven 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 print 1 breadth 1 misdeed 1 pound 1 gangrene 1 lighted 1 rushing 1 offered 1 glimpsed 1 e 1 although 1 male 1 shut 1 iconoclast 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 players 1 bore 1 motes 1 thy 1 obloodyhole 1 regular 1 insomuch 1 pass 1 moonlighters 1 unloved 1 peak 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 humbly 1 creation 1 catacomb 1 habits 1 mankind 's 1 caste 1 mobs 1 wallowing 1 ambit 1 snarling 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 grip 1 hallucinogens 1 bangin ' 1 flares 1 pseudomonarchia 1 sackcloth 1 invent 1 wrapped 1 existence 1 nicely 1 pots 1 shank 's 1 backwoods 1 deliberately 1 rugged 1 go 1 candles 1 rawboned 1 cowpunchers 1 chink 1 5 1 twanged 1 third 1 dumped 1 dense 1 orchestra 1 intents 1 mostly 1 valuables 1 kapow - kapow 1 mattress 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 disease 1 honeycomb 1 boston 1 fellas 1 baltimore 1 shock 1 fabulously 1 hilltop 1 anyway 1 concubine 1 occasion 1 below 1 streets 1 chaotically 1 slouching 1 lordy 1 twitch 1 fair - sized 1 frozen 1 picture - clear 1 o'clock 1 saracens 1 sculpted 1 cosmos 1 hot 1 horrible 1 speak 1 communion 1 a - prospecting 1 frightful 1 mystery 1 25 1 intoxicating 1 threat 1 laying 1 dad 1 character 1 sad 1 businessmen 1 grateful 1 bills 1 squeaking 1 warned 1 stuff 1 lady 1 painted 1 faint 1 wooly 1 plain 1 bleeding 1 scrawny 1 sawbuck 1 sagging 1 plantagenet 1 sock 1 infinite 1 bowie 1 naw 1 chipped 1 distorted 1 raining 1 boulders 1 symbols 1 escort 1 items 1 cramped 1 judging 1 howdy 1 crooned 1 pretense 1 key 1 we 'll 1 understandin ' 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 hard - working 1 shaved 1 magnified 1 plan 1 he 'll 1 occultist 1 idolatry 1 ticking 1 ulysses 1 details 1 monstrous 1 appear 1 wellspring 1 significant 1 extended 1 devours 1 area 1 carmine 1 amazed 1 colder 1 childhood 1 cook 1 mask 1 reverberated 1 chum 1 height 1 knoll 1 forty 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 dog 1 thou 1 splash 1 shoved 1 divinity 1 fret 1 wading 1 severed 1 mink - slick 1 forbidden ' 1 post 1 oblivion 1 moab 1 yer 1 2 1 bathroom 1 wattles 1 smoothed 1 comes 1 fix 1 barrelhouses 1 card 1 slope 1 pooled 1 traveler 1 accelerated 1 varnish 1 definition 1 drover 1 low - cut 1 upkeep 1 cult 1 crystal 1 honors 1 pig 1 dawn 1 bang 1 rig 1 galactic 1 copernicus 1 dislocated 1 nemesis 1 primordial 1 weathered 1 climbed 1 hungry 1 affected 1 swipes 1 honey 1 dreamy 1 atheist 1 flint 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 inquired 1 terrified 1 rambling 1 starched 1 escapes 1 lane 1 caught 1 weak 1 bender 1 blast 1 opener 1 luck 1 currency 1 blame 1 digestion 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 glint 1 bag 1 sea 1 tie 1 release 1 routine 1 deadly 1 colonial 1 misshapen 1 mucking 1 directions 1 compiled 1 accordin ' 1 19 1 speck 1 sharing 1 snake 1 loitering 1 disjointed 1 vacant 1 dream 1 assured 1 muddled 1 unlit 1 hick 's 1 anybody 1 clutch 1 parasitic 1 chances 1 rotten 1 embroidered 1 lifting 1 stash 1 humid 1 bubbling 1 main 1 philly 1 cullins 1 calculation 1 lesson 1 uns 1 holed 1 busting 1 godhead 1 single - shot 1 temple 1 alternative 1 13 1 cast - iron 1 silent 1 testimony 1 categorize 1 highbrows 1 cliff 1 dick 1 preamble 1 chemosh 1 player 1 riverfront 1 excellent 1 roots 1 gennulmen 1 newly 1 action 1 cards 1 tangled 1 opening 1 cordially 1 popped 1 fat 1 oblige 1 ssaa 1 bur 1 bare 1 orange 1 kentucky 1 wanting 1 moment 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 odd 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 slop 1 gravity 1 langston 's 1 energy 1 fixating 1 sediment 1 shades 1 humorless 1 wearing 1 church 1 mirror 1 vilest 1 mare 1 cannibalism 1 shacks 1 waxy 1 closing 1 silhouette 1 15 1 cyclone 1 nip 1 snapping 1 isolated 1 model 1 tang 1 quirking 1 pleasing 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 coliseum 1 blue - eyed 1 stack 1 pushed 1 chanting 1 hefted 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 betray 1 risk 1 withered 1 ticktock 1 caf 1 aroused 1 joyful 1 german 1 fussing 1 swapping 1 sudsy 1 drama 1 heat 1 brass 1 1886 1 hellbender 1 quick 1 billy 1 slow 1 rifles 1 21 1 unidentified 1 dare 1 poet 1 map 1 heeled 1 measured 1 shuttered 1 possibility 1 y'mean 1 beside 1 musta 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 match 1 suspicious 1 phantasm 1 fundamental 1 prouder 1 quivers 1 emanated 1 buyin ' 1 artifacts 1 climate 1 riding 1 crimped 1 ages 1 squalling 1 warmed 1 seam 1 counterpart 1 places 1 hop 1 rice 1 deaths 1 account 1 they 'd 1 running 1 pianist 1 poleaxed 1 whiff 1 alone 1 gash 1 intends 1 fires 1 we 're 1 combination 1 coveralls 1 faster 1 stinks 1 mass 1 primal 1 bell - shaped 1 tended 1 taylor 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 calcium 1 prove 1 ridin ' 1 osmosis 1 relation 1 thinkin ' 1 crone 's 1 beyond 1 lashes 1 six - gun 1 vitality 1 meanest 1 unwilling 1 together 1 brandished 1 original 1 ledger 1 bespectacled 1 score 1 ungrateful 1 anthropology 1 slew 1 indulging 1 bob 1 cough 1 guessed 1 formed 1 collin 1 dirty 1 photo 1 pit 1 stiff 1 trace 1 frail 1 mysterious 1 suggested 1 wherein 1 clearing 1 chunk 1 kinda 1 erate 1 embedded 1 goods 1 styled 1 y'mentioned 1 regulator 1 continent 1 wandered 1 snag 1 staked 1 possible 1 grimace 1 earnings 1 moths 1 plancy 1 cheap 1 barn 1 spooky 1 english 1 chan 's 1 advised 1 stared 1 beads 1 tune 1 poplar 1 frenchman 1 art 1 fairy 1 gunsmoke 1 hookahs 1 dialect 1 truly 1 woodwork 1 haunts 1 metal 1 poked 1 poured 1 feelings 1 plywood 1 feeds 1 crows 1 trail 1 balls 1 had n't 1 yield 1 protective 1 molar 1 provincial 1 shuffled 1 past 1 innocence 1 fetch 1 understood 1 bunkum 1 jack 1 introductions 1 seat 1 sling 1 darwinian 1 kerosene 1 thoughts 1 scented 1 eddy 1 disappearances 1 wedge 1 sighs 1 hates 1 slaughterhouse 1 connie 1 harder 1 grandeur 1 inches 1 move 1 distance 1 contents 1 cemetery 1 preceded 1 decides 1 distend 1 baal - peeor 1 currently 1 fucking 1 unlock 1 determined 1 yonder 1 rocker 1 deepest 1 nah 1 moments 1 opened 1 enormous 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 remains 1 group 1 nerve 1 demise 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 intellect 1 decent 1 pronounced 1 murky 1 tenacious 1 provided 1 colt 1 clumped 1 plug 1 belt 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 tights 1 loner 1 gulped 1 lookee 1 lydia 1 snores 1 lawyer 1 violent 1 daubed 1 perforated 1 creature 1 built 1 origin 1 pagan 1 cook - fires 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 memory 1 darning 1 throats 1 permitting 1 bloodymaggots 1 fits 1 separated 1 reach 1 limestone 1 bones 1 dispute 1 george 's 1 git 1 locket 1 prudent 1 disowned 1 scarcely 1 memories 1 hunt 1 don ' 1 beautiful 1 sullen 1 brawls 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 stones 1 trembling 1 crook 1 become 1 casket 1 unlocked 1 violence 1 butt 1 shove 1 pistola 1 burned 1 history 1 supplies 1 perfume 1 sapiens 1 clank 1 anointed 1 exquisite 1 cork 1 jackson 1 11 1 flawed 1 communal 1 woman 1 obloodybowels 1 cowardly 1 grins 1 neat 1 cells 1 albuquerque 1 ankle 1 image 1 swing 1 generation 1 aware 1 scoundrel 's 1 unreal 1 not - too - uncomely 1 infiltrated 1 sorry - lookin ' 1 demonology 1 wallop 1 following 1 coveted 1 forgot 1 consolation 1 full - blown 1 planetoids 1 buckling 1 muzzy 1 feel 1 procession 1 unhappy 1 stable 1 mushrooms 1 vibration 1 gallows 1 hum 1 thirty - minute 1 whistled 1 intend 1 burg 1 soldier 's 1 scraggly 1 thinking 1 supple 1 plush 1 mile 1 assorted 1 heart 1 romantic 1 a - frame 1 ripper 1 consummated 1 four - fingers 1 mama 's 1 silver - chased 1 unfamiliar 1 opportunity 1 ebb 1 struggled 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 orchid 1 growing 1 eggs 1 supplicating 1 nursed 1 rotates 1 slumped 1 bribe 1 mechanical 1 scalding 1 ends 1 blowsy 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 esteemed 1 crossing 1 screwing 1 hillside 1 creek 1 pausing 1 canyon 1 reported 1 herself 1 kind 1 killin 's 1 roosters 1 agency 1 octavia 's 1 chew 1 triad 1 child 1 soundlessly 1 cognac 1 unclassified 1 lawman 's 1 transmogrifying 1 onto 1 subtracted 1 unfolded 1 lock 1 bastards 1 tipped 1 varmints 1 latin 1 fissure 1 buffalo 1 long - suffering 1 unpredictable 1 unto 1 thud 1 belphegorbelphegorbelphegor 1 steep 1 doped 1 intelligence 1 the- 1 buckle 1 cooled 1 penny 1 possess 1 cautiously 1 batted 1 needed 1 schnockered 1 piss - burned 1 uncovered 1 innocent 1 pal 1 billowed 1 banged 1 sugar 1 6 1 army 1 cigar 1 puddles 1 snort 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 skipping 1 rancid - sweet 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 technically 1 expensive 1 enjoyed 1 boondocks 1 18 1 breasts 1 scoff 1 gentlemen 1 expedient 1 grave 1 skinned 1 wide 1 examples 1 finger 1 pillow 1 gits 1 wish 1 grit 1 curiosities 1 iamcomeiamcome 1 halt 1 hatchet 1 start 1 godawful 1 goodness 1 cutting 1 squirrels 1 remotely 1 screw 1 shaft 1 calls 1 leather - bound 1 cementing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 civilized 1 slade 1 mixed 1 profile 1 fakir 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hovel 1 bruises 1 iteration 1 occasional 1 nod 1 shits 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 quickening 1 monarch 1 discover 1 loudly 1 tough 1 articulates 1 pieces 1 joins 1 ripping 1 half 1 jolting 1 bars 1 fifth 1 fistfuls 1 languid 1 chains 1 diamondback 1 recognized 1 limit 1 available 1 loves 1 trimmings 1 gin 1 folding 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 traveling 1 modern - day 1 hidden 1 cuban 1 however 1 qualify 1 detecting 1 ministrations 1 satiating 1 hiss 1 double 1 disgraced 1 repose 1 holmes 1 one 's 1 jim 1 acquired 1 beat 1 stung 1 strolls 1 bead 1 natives 1 glossy 1 squeeze 1 irony 1 violin 1 snuggled 1 heck 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 panned 1 colleagues 1 edwards 1 marks 1 leering 1 drowned 1 angels ' 1 sake 1 haunch 1 appropriated 1 genus 1 lamplight 1 rubbery 1 caveats 1 allowed 1 delicate 1 robert 1 kneading 1 material 1 year 1 cross 1 affright 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 argot 1 paris 1 shadow 1 regarding 1 sprawled 1 sprinkle 1 authorities 1 balaclava 1 fuzzy 1 polishing 1 slaughtered 1 roof 1 alderman 1 chummy 1 coattail 1 refined 1 shit - kickers 1 crawling 1 presidential 1 barbwire 1 slayings 1 3 1 rang 1 venture 1 threads 1 panes 1 wallet 1 equipped 1 slender 1 winnin ' 1 fluttered 1 surpassingly 1 delivered 1 grease 1 rocky 1 mountains 1 breakfast 1 foul 1 kin 1 cates 1 sounds 1 phallus 1 happen 1 transmitted 1 horn 1 palette 1 crabbed 1 accommodations 1 heel 1 ribbons 1 lady - of - the - house 1 knocked 1 mosaic 1 ugly 1 silently 1 limb 1 platform 1 sorts 1 covering 1 dredges 1 squeamish 1 average 1 remarkably 1 spurs 1 bites 1 seeped 1 disgorge 1 practices 1 dialogue 1 templar 1 combed 1 insane 1 shotgun 1 merchandise 1 joints 1 shifted 1 spackle 1 quite 1 yellow - bellied 1 shuck 1 benevolent 1 stayed 1 brace 1 half - moon 1 tore 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 galaxy 1 sewage 1 glassy 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 lockjaw 1 agency 's 1 swollen 1 proceedings 1 welsh 1 blind 1 thumbing 1 produced 1 warren 1 clever 1 tight 1 scuttling 1 grandad 1 eon 1 signed 1 were n't 1 component 1 recall 1 horsethief 1 astounding 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 dilated 1 sweat 1 popular 1 readin ' 1 exactly 1 blond 1 wheat - blonde 1 theater 1 captive 1 smashed 1 drag 1 chortling 1 digger 1 explosion 1 crush 1 groaned 1 coffin 1 defection 1 equipment 1 quagmire 1 dress 1 scorn 1 ambush 1 presumed 1 teak 1 sequoias 1 darkening 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 chi - town 1 making 1 blanket 1 hunting 1 brats 1 blunt 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 needing 1 breed 1 prickled 1 roll 1 axis 1 state 1 bear 1 showman 1 dabbled 1 drift 1 stow 1 matter - of - fact 1 john 1 y'might 1 anthropoid 1 rode 1 uncovers 1 steam 1 freshly 1 midst 1 descends 1 snuffled 1 tobacco 1 irishman 1 numerous 1 flat 1 circumstance 1 slime 1 annoyed 1 anthracite 1 elbow 1 22 1 joke 1 senior 1 darling 1 moabites 1 disbelief 1 connected 1 sans 1 behavior 1 escapades 1 swarming 1 sat 1 clears 1 vitus 1 tower 1 pardon 1 decadence 1 awoke 1 fly 1 lunatic 1 backwards 1 gasped 1 tinged 1 depending 1 urchin 1 losing 1 deep 1 pending 1 analysis 1 collected 1 indecipherable 1 ticks 1 extravaganza 1 striped 1 behold 1 bobbed 1 toes 1 loping 1 collapsed 1 twinkly 1 gowns 1 snare 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 y'say 1 independent 1 satan - worshipping 1 maximize 1 approached 1 durin ' 1 paper 1 smash 1 lukewarm 1 food 1 flanks 1 remembered 1 crashing 1 raw 1 vision 1 devil 1 trickle 1 hoot 1 17 1 slice 1 sacrament 1 custody 1 cloth 1 bits 1 teeming 1 bright 1 satan 1 circle 1 foamin ' 1 roman 1 worms 1 pentagrams 1 fascinated 1 sauntering 1 fate 1 earth 's 1 cast 1 flunked 1 felt 1 indicate 1 cockeyed 1 sods 1 free 1 vertically 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 attacking 1 invitation 1 extremists 1 labor 1 yuh 1 m 1 semi - erect 1 bags 1 industry 1 evolution 1 palm 1 harry 1 burning 1 temporarily 1 sensuous 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 larger 1 7 1 odor 1 suffers 1 unhelpful 1 tip 1 dangled 1 carcass 1 grew 1 flannels 1 litters 1 chewed 1 rat 1 younger 1 night 's 1 grows 1 reinvented 1 fault 1 lavender 1 function 1 scorched 1 fiend 1 shade 1 bawdy 1 pony 1 gon na 1 when 's 1 mist 1 rumor 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 weightless 1 thees 1 boss 1 raised 1 ticked 1 spread 1 wake 1 loom 1 dribbled 1 slack - jawed 1 city 's 1 yesiree 1 ogle 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 hike 1 terrestrial 1 excrement 1 cultural 1 vermiculate 1 fittin ' 1 lugged 1 location 1 prescience 1 protest 1 luminance 1 chain 1 ragtime 1 encouraged 1 trinkets 1 violet 's 1 lopped 1 deterioration 1 performers 1 movin ' 1 sundries 1 busy 1 moon 's 1 sanitarium 1 lump 1 intrigued 1 brush 1 corrupted 1 missing 1 glynna 1 focus 1 hisself 1 chattering 1 securing 1 mongrel 1 article 1 imports 1 deadeye 1 space 1 chat 1 strings 1 butterflies 1 symptom 1 ade 1 truth 1 territory 1 wedged 1 dealers 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 won 1 plymouth 1 struck 1 boggling 1 detected 1 selling 1 addict 1 crusader 1 female 1 positive 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 phantoms 1 murtaugh 's 1 juggernaut 1 plexus 1 ruts 1 reeked 1 snowing 1 riveted 1 sawdust 1 career 1 rapidly 1 automata 1 sacked 1 apes 1 visited 1 pope 1 terrific 1 valleys 1 drum 1 offer 1 southpaw 1 moan 1 collar 1 emerge 1 hump 1 emptily 1 breathe 1 investors 1 silk 1 salt 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 assure 1 morphine 1 presumably 1 rounds 1 pickaxe 1 women 1 diminish 1 jurydiction 1 ant 1 beer 1 gay 1 pyramid 1 bending 1 there 'll 1 buzzing 1 mitigate 1 stale 1 alley 1 vile 1 eastern 1 bloomer 1 more'n 1 papa 1 ruffled 1 children 1 consider 1 jaw 1 scriven 1 moonlighting 1 carpet 1 lands 1 leaky 1 stentorian 1 problems 1 break 1 hackles 1 weapon 1 skunk 1 engineer 1 freight 1 lower 1 sounded 1 uncoiling 1 queer 1 pursued 1 bard 1 physics 1 eleven 1 body 1 anyhow 1 manhunt 1 cowpoke 1 payload 1 philistine 1 interests 1 darwin 1 mane 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 hammerhead 1 justify 1 stout 1 hooch 1 tomb - dark 1 pupation 1 chuckle 1 pegged 1 comprehension 1 glows 1 couth 1 enlighten 1 dimension 1 faded 1 ludicrous 1 paintings 1 planted 1 shattered 1 upscale 1 bent 1 louis 1 signature 1 applauded 1 ruth 1 pidgin 1 pulled 1 washtub 1 cultured 1 swung 1 glut 1 caroming 1 significance 1 knocking 1 crates 1 whores ' 1 cannon 1 hurt 1 gods 1 fourth 1 ushered 1 reward 1 university 1 quoth 1 friendly 1 hears 1 lincoln 1 snoot - full 1 crackled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 runs 1 mounting 1 lordof 1 lookin ' 1 masses 1 dogs 1 orphanages 1 pilgrimage 1 clearly 1 spilling 1 twigs 1 viscous 1 chop 1 committed 1 pill 1 samson 1 okay 1 glad 1 supposedly 1 discovered 1 oiled 1 spikes 1 hag 1 tomes 1 pleasantly 1 rawhide 1 gim me 1 powerful 1 alive 1 pays 1 amphibian 1 integral 1 stabbed 1 easier 1 species 1 honest 1 gentry 1 austrian 1 within 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 jesus ' 1 obtained 1 cared 1 fossilized 1 gases 1 guffawing 1 shite 1 scaffold 1 philmore 1 led 1 gurgling 1 gusting 1 norton 1 obliged 1 cosmic 1 neglectful 1 obscures 1 muttering 1 trough 1 alkaline 1 justice 1 inscrutable 1 ready 1 dangles 1 wither 1 alteration 1 blot 1 encased 1 daemonum 1 cot 1 choice 1 laid 1 descent 1 bedroom 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 warmth 1 pecker 1 unblinking 1 landscapes 1 desolate 1 news 1 depends 1 heap 1 scurry 1 replenished 1 bust 1 polished 1 potential 1 stabbings 1 concentrated 1 loops 1 padded 1 dollars 1 sharp 1 legal 1 statue 1 devils 1 perfumed 1 awnings 1 bank 1 bored 1 covered 1 10 1 coupled 1 superstitions 1 spurt 1 stevenson 1 none 1 blessed 1 perfectly 1 impetuous 1 towards 1 whip 1 treacherous 1 brimming 1 straightened 1 lookit 1 waded 1 mere 1 scalp 1 strange 1 blew 1 knees 1 borrowed 1 h - he 1 applause 1 chaw 1 toiling 1 appellation 1 perspiration 1 they ' ve 1 chinatown 1 got ta 1 spring 1 whiskey - flaccid 1 wife 1 backwater 1 mar 1 humped 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 mycosis 1 corner 1 tragedy 1 pitchy 1 brother 's 1 fazed 1 confided 1 monolith 1 slag 1 disorder 1 slightly 1 early 1 weighed 1 equal 1 nipple 1 demesne 1 inquisitive 1 trade 1 sneers 1 christianity 1 beaming 1 rude 1 hurry 1 cops 1 patters 1 master 's 1 balconies 1 longer 1 coke - rimed 1 shallows 1 journalist 1 shoulda 1 charms 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 seasonal 1 plague 1 docs 1 unique 1 indicates 1 originally 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 tilting 1 dunked 1 limp 1 walkin ' 1 story 1 swinging 1 vanished 1 unpleasant 1 ribs 1 gibberish 1 parcel 1 imbues 1 grime 1 lie 1 flights 1 pried 1 scared 1 chief 1 di n't 1 lanky 1 reached 1 mill 1 impatiently 1 deduction 1 swallowed 1 skeletons 1 obsession 1 swarthy 1 coast 1 torrid 1 devoid 1 winks 1 walls 1 translation 1 funeral 1 genteel 1 pond 1 50s 1 copper 1 goodbye 1 lamps 1 corked 1 acclaimed 1 drying 1 operations 1 drawl 1 presently 1 clouded 1 hall 1 different 1 fashion 1 bedside 1 attached 1 trained 1 pleasure 1 rites 1 should ' ve 1 23 1 amigo 1 spur 1 slickest 1 fruit 1 host 1 mismatched 1 irish 1 solid 1 creep 1 lion 1 debate 1 bullyboy 1 andrew 1 rooted 1 slog 1 legacy 1 littered 1 hesitated 1 crazed 1 cottages 1 adios 1 palsy 1 change 1 apron 1 harangue 1 are n't 1 babe 1 casual 1 frenzied 1 glare 1 opium 1 lampshades 1 tourist 1 coin 1 scroll 1 cyclopean 1 battle 1 sequins 1 crisp 1 influence 1 called 1 woman - child 1 python 1 hobby 1 floating 1 brandy 1 leaking 1 knotted 1 brute 1 myriad 1 commune 1 divan 1 exploded 1 unmade 1 step 1 titles 1 kindly 1 womb 1 winded 1 asylum 1 column 1 margins 1 lazily 1 confiscated 1 belted 1 whoopie 1 gobbles 1 mullen 's 1 hut 1 inducements 1 presume 1 heels 1 having 1 eateateateateat 1 tradition 1 slowly 1 unknown 1 promising 1 king 1 ruin 1 charlie 1 bared 1 slopping 1 centuries 1 plunging 1 crowded 1 rot 1 stuffed - suit 1 counterfeit 1 barbarous 1 point 1 retreated 1 murderous 1 contortion 1 gamblers 1 whizzing 1 liver 1 animals 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 prodigious 1 scribbling 1 inclinations 1 monster 's 1 spit 1 bloating 1 pull 1 maroon 1 performer 1 currents 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 spinal 1 fallen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 erosion 1 antiquarians ' 1 association 1 mess 1 albeit 1 crashed 1 fancy 1 spores 1 abattoir 1 sauce 1 migrant 1 florid 1 staring 1 creased 1 bigger 1 banty 1 pokey 1 damp 1 adventures 1 riders 1 harvard 1 befouled 1 essayed 1 galore 1 sunk 1 discomfit 1 throb 1 oberon 1 degeneration 1 mating 1 sadist 1 bandages 1 spoil 1 fund 1 fear 1 blooms 1 especially 1 include 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 low 1 evidence 1 saloons 1 fame 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 tarnished 1 realized 1 incomprehensible 1 facking 1 basically 1 syph 1 await 1 cash 1 tacked 1 caused 1 rise 1 lizard 1 re - materialized 1 spider - cocoon 1 clear 1 penniless 1 worshipping 1 bother 1 scrambled 1 dingy 1 fierce 1 ivory 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 stove 1 lake 1 iniquitous 1 minute 1 purposes 1 hanged 1 claimed 1 unspeakable 1 proffered 1 chasm 1 packed 1 suns 1 bullet 1 suite 1 kettle 1 books 1 french 1 gentle 1 terrain 1 likes 1 school 1 resting 1 frigid 1 baked 1 persian 1 evaporated 1 safer 1 wha - yeah 1 wiry 1 piled 1 pain 1 page 1 wings 1 milky 1 turns 1 stepped 1 stake 1 obscurity 1 field 1 slant 1 respects 1 musty 1 killed 1 firecracker 1 crone 1 bluegrass 1 socket 1 sights 1 rouge 1 hustle 1 shape 1 wore 1 grover 1 purpose 1 inelegant 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 granite 1 plancy 's 1 successful 1 toothless 1 l 1 scent 1 june 1 ezra 1 lye - hot 1 decades 1 successfully 1 north 1 16 1 homely 1 deer 1 landed 1 existed 1 groin 1 night 1 chamber 1 member 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 repaid 1 sweetheart 1 charmin ' 1 dealt 1 ate 1 round 1 headboard 1 dubious 1 cabins 1 mycoflora 1 draw 1 corduroy 1 version 1 brahms 1 squires 1 instantly 1 gestures 1 cockroach 1 shortly 1 affinities 1 67 1 debauched 1 dripping 1 decapitated 1 twice 1 supposed 1 ghoulish 1 wistful 1 chinese 1 shops 1 floorboard 1 exploits 1 correct 1 artifice 1 autograph 1 sleeps 1 throaty 1 bulls 1 stitched 1 24 1 prostitute 1 general 1 scientific 1 quakes 1 flies 1 angry 1 planks 1 suspecting 1 bourbon 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 agreed 1 ejaculate 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 quiet 1 sows 1 coon 's 1 smiles 1 utter 1 cunt 1 apparent 1 clock 1 shootings 1 buck - naked 1 mustache 1 string 1 creaks 1 gently 1 dozens 1 opportunist 1 inhospitable 1 strokes 1 dreadfuls 1 leave 1 stage 1 chortled 1 guttering 1 supper 1 elephants 1 hard - on 1 stretched 1 organisms 1 tin 1 rain - blurred 1 faro 1 professor 's 1 complain 1 lust 1 corners 1 pennsylvania 1 invisible 1 watering 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 pickers 1 fired 1 shirt 1 summit 1 outskirts 1 saliva 1 thrum 1 flower 1 wagons 1 two - bit 1 frigate 1 i m 1 social 1 raise 1 drooled 1 flophouse 1 boxes 1 helped 1 brightness 1 designs 1 shovel 1 tying 1 scholars 1 guys 1 engraved 1 grant 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 words 1 continents 1 notions 1 limbs 1 unlike 1 looking 1 apple 1 genuine 1 commerce 1 satisfies 1 floats 1 paid 1 mahogany 1 curtain 1 junior 1 millions 1 sodbuster 1 hubris 1 reinvent 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 panels 1 sleeping 1 porch 1 orleans 1 vertigo 1 pine 1 gleaming 1 shiny 1 pan 1 ugh 1 we 'd 1 supplicants 1 cavalry 1 hires 1 aim 1 michael 1 banks 1 statues 1 rusty 1 eighteen 1 winsome 1 once - over 1 thrust 1 rare 1 resourceful 1 cottonwoods 1 expertly 1 superheated 1 essential 1 sharpening 1 cryptogenetics 1 contribution 1 claims 1 sister 1 gila 1 star 1 drip 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 blessing 1 lads 1 clouds 1 ignorance 1 lot 1 assholes 1 belch 1 observed 1 pointed 1 anderson 1 works 1 kaleidoscopic 1 stomach 1 sitar 1 hah - vahd 1 jerked 1 consuming 1 murders 1 twenty - two 1 tongues 1 us 1 emotions 1 established 1 restrain 1 eye - opener 1 message 1 stinking 1 peaceful 1 shop 1 via 1 scars 1 sunlight 1 phenomena 1 fading 1 idiot 1 can not 1 darkest 1 fuller 's 1 hopped 1 perversely 1 peashooter 1 scope 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 rail 1 squirt 1 gift 1 flush 1 dresses 1 gorging 1 blazed 1 missive 1 curiosity 1 taste 1 abortions 1 trembles 1 floorboards 1 mirages 1 informed 1 jury 1 horse - toothed 1 services 1 reduced 1 tumors 1 appreciative 1 greasy 1 counter 1 pop 1 workers 1 feathers 1 soul 1 half - truth 1 sayin ' 1 frowned 1 consumption 1 deed 1 collage 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 trosper 's 1 persons 1 bullshit 1 hightailed 1 team 1 mollies 1 hallucinated 1 metamorphosis 1 drawers 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 shitter 1 h 1 help 1 bastard 1 destroy 1 scene 1 tunny 1 humidor 1 chopping 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 inscribed 915 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
mysterium tremendum - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 mysterium tremendum 1431 the 931 and 750 a 578 i 530 of 388 in 384 to 282 was 238 my 222 his 222 he 207 it 174 said 171 on 162 with 162 that 162 glenn 154 for 145 me 134 from 127 as 121 we 119 you 113 at 107 dane 99 victor 98 were 96 him 92 into 83 had 82 this 74 an 69 like 66 by 64 but 61 or 57 did n't 55 there 53 our 52 what 52 not 49 its 48 us 47 be 47 is 47 i 'd 46 so 45 about 44 if 43 some 43 over 43 one 41 her 41 got 41 black 40 out 39 around 38 no 37 too 37 they 36 back 36 through 35 tommy 35 book 35 them 34 i ' m 33 when 32 guide 32 up 32 then 31 she 31 after 31 their 31 down 30 any 29 who 29 other 29 off 28 do n't 28 all 28 are 27 get 27 way 27 man 27 made 27 while 26 where 26 been 25 how 24 away 24 dolmen 24 more 24 eyes 24 night 23 he 's 23 than 23 your 23 few 23 took 23 two 22 he 'd 22 just 22 road 22 across 22 before 21 much 21 another 21 long 21 it 's 21 three 21 do 21 along 20 going 20 that 's 20 was n't 20 those 20 went 20 tom 20 did 20 again 20 time 20 face 20 see 20 head 19 against 19 victor 's 19 think 19 anything 18 even 18 something 18 near 18 look 18 arm 18 still 18 hand 18 saw 17 could 17 say 17 came 17 sure 17 know 17 glenn 's 17 here 17 could n't 16 really 16 rose 16 would 16 mountain 16 glass 16 until 16 land 16 hell 16 might 16 trees 16 blood 16 because 16 door 15 come 15 next 15 well 15 turned 15 told 15 dead 15 couple 15 day 15 thing 15 room 14 table 14 go 14 dark 14 why 14 yeah 14 rover 14 knew 14 old 14 oh 14 maybe 14 hands 14 light 14 thought 14 laughed 14 these 13 real 13 god 13 gave 13 bed 13 left 13 i ' ve 13 vicky 13 such 13 guys 13 lay 13 have 13 had n't 13 home 13 water 13 let 13 though 13 trip 13 enough 12 want 12 college 12 seen 12 state 12 make 12 boys 12 kalamov 12 place 12 things 12 should 12 bar 12 feet 12 will 12 put 12 since 12 story 12 which 12 tell 11 right 11 little 11 trail 11 shit 11 under 11 actually 11 only 11 almost 11 washington 11 stood 11 dane 's 11 lot 11 red 11 several 11 myself 11 small 10 behind 10 hot 10 fire 10 hair 10 caliginis 10 kept 10 end 10 shadows 10 would ' ve 10 good 10 now 10 far 10 willem 10 moderor 10 nothing 10 during 10 visit 10 mouth 10 thick 10 second 10 cover 10 de 10 friends 10 weird 10 shoulder 10 asked 10 finally 10 read 10 years 10 first 9 can 9 keep 9 white 9 boy 9 you 're 9 there 's 9 part 9 except 9 is n't 9 being 9 also 9 bottle 9 we 'd 9 mean 9 bit 9 house 9 need 9 although 9 mystery 9 darkness 9 talk 9 everybody 9 rock 9 love 9 felt 9 beer 9 path 9 hole 9 found 9 once 9 wore 9 window 9 tried 9 town 8 hear 8 truck 8 better 8 set 8 rolled 8 never 8 coffee 8 passed 8 without 8 smiled 8 voice 8 upon 8 okay 8 broken 8 office 8 camp 8 pages 8 days 8 lamp 8 ice 8 returned 8 help 8 everything 8 lighted 8 girl 8 let 's 8 pressed 8 life 8 together 8 sense 8 heart 8 miles 8 each 8 close 8 however 8 find 8 journal 8 sat 8 deep 8 sun 8 yet 8 between 8 ever 8 himself 8 guy 8 ground 8 sequim 8 cigarette 8 side 8 bought 8 high 7 ran 7 ear 7 serious 7 already 7 green 7 rather 7 four 7 pit 7 later 7 neck 7 kind 7 max 7 skull 7 hit 7 kitchen 7 else 7 somebody 7 mind 7 seemed 7 glanced 7 gun 7 what 's 7 hung 7 tavern 7 none 7 strange 7 leaned 7 would n't 7 reaction 7 spent 7 moved 7 lights 7 poor 7 fingers 7 drink 7 open 7 every 7 cold 7 own 7 stared 7 happened 7 leaves 7 leg 7 full 7 ring 7 loose 7 raised 7 looked 7 entry 7 pocket 7 lost 7 always 7 friend 7 idea 7 frat 7 used 7 nor 7 believe 7 school 7 heavy 7 walked 7 tent 7 cloud 6 taken 6 fuck 6 cool 6 gone 6 drunk 6 expression 6 dr 6 scotch 6 who 'd 6 gets 6 booze 6 melted 6 many 6 basin 6 conversation 6 bartender 6 soon 6 piece 6 someone 6 smoke 6 pretty 6 onto 6 whole 6 boots 6 nose 6 screamed 6 lying 6 fact 6 tomb 6 decided 6 toward 6 circle 6 big 6 music 6 course 6 university 6 wanted 6 loved 6 meant 6 cops 6 hall 6 seattle 6 hard 6 sound 6 pain 6 shape 6 edge 6 hills 6 despite 6 mentioned 6 grinned 6 bushes 6 perhaps 6 obviously 6 wondered 6 mine 6 blue 6 drained 6 moment 6 ago 6 we 're 6 getting 6 half 6 hidden 6 year 6 among 6 i 'll 6 very 6 warm 6 stars 6 vision 6 named 6 lavender 6 smelled 6 secret 6 dogs 6 tone 6 watched 6 pale 6 corner 6 are n't 6 does n't 6 take 6 fell 6 ca n't 6 quiet 6 club 6 size 6 shop 5 dropped 5 death 5 people 5 rocks 5 arms 5 drinking 5 wet 5 bad 5 horrible 5 dad 5 late 5 area 5 dream 5 wrong 5 sitting 5 damn 5 beyond 5 alcohol 5 daulton 5 radio 5 accepted 5 great 5 pictures 5 living 5 chest 5 rubbed 5 s 5 awful 5 beat 5 most 5 neither 5 park 5 screen 5 received 5 paper 5 last 5 film 5 woods 5 inside 5 likely 5 jaw 5 sounded 5 nobody 5 sharp 5 pool 5 cellar 5 world 5 remember 5 best 5 camping 5 carried 5 shot 5 bears 5 round 5 teeth 5 throat 5 minutes 5 brain 5 fight 5 front 5 interest 5 men 5 kissed 5 earth 5 downstairs 5 pants 5 encounter 5 climbed 5 caught 5 cards 5 odd 5 spoke 5 dreamed 5 family 5 case 5 log 5 crawled 5 wound 5 balls 5 mexico 5 fucking 5 large 5 rest 5 hollow 5 thinking 5 started 5 thanks 5 double 5 golf 5 breakfast 5 half - dozen 5 indeed 5 bear 5 companions 5 tower 5 vacation 5 same 5 dim 5 gon na 5 spot 5 ass 5 dinner 5 pulled 5 dude 5 otherwise 5 gloom 5 darkened 5 called 5 assumed 5 forehead 5 locked 5 drank 5 low 5 stepped 5 floor 5 either 5 gotten 5 glasses 5 times 4 threshold 4 wait 4 wo n't 4 fish 4 show 4 saying 4 dragged 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 shut 4 prior 4 third 4 occasion 4 age 4 foot 4 hope 4 moss 4 dolmens 4 meat 4 entire 4 cliff 4 cheek 4 fast 4 flashlight 4 series 4 running 4 alone 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 move 4 violence 4 woman 4 chair 4 wide 4 special 4 cap 4 sweet 4 regarding 4 wall 4 cavern 4 recall 4 making 4 convinced 4 heard 4 less 4 devil 4 hiking 4 bus 4 shoulders 4 liked 4 ahead 4 ones 4 flickered 4 brush 4 becky 4 struck 4 berman 4 hurt 4 forest 4 manner 4 besides 4 hospital 4 walk 4 waited 4 blackened 4 question 4 makes 4 golden 4 page 4 ancient 4 deer 4 chamber 4 you 'll 4 phone 4 filled 4 hotel 4 lined 4 porch 4 fool 4 began 4 whisper 4 magic 4 trying 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 worked 4 eye 4 holy 4 mention 4 watch 4 word 4 line 4 olympia 4 center 4 tale 4 power 4 mostly 4 hours 4 grade 4 call 4 symbols 4 opposite 4 anybody 4 main 4 inner 4 crack 4 art 4 lived 4 run 4 opened 4 snapped 4 history 4 legs 4 talked 4 emerged 4 whether 4 feeling 4 kid 4 site 4 shadow 4 considered 4 moon 4 nice 4 were n't 4 became 4 ruins 4 fifteen 4 peninsula 4 hold 4 branches 4 hour 4 others 4 hike 4 occult 4 faces 4 drew 4 swung 4 dunno 4 campground 4 appeared 4 within 4 tongue 4 apparently 4 store 4 decade 4 tour 4 cougars - cap 4 scalp 4 done 4 beneath 4 must ' ve 4 yes 4 floating 4 pull 4 game 4 ask 4 held 4 killed 4 logging 4 drove 4 joined 4 five 4 accident 4 street 4 short 4 beers 4 name 4 folk 4 shake 4 party 4 team 3 yelled 3 wild 3 farther 3 crescent 3 giving 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 invited 3 goddamned 3 local 3 wheel 3 figured 3 evening 3 sipped 3 country 3 radiated 3 smacked 3 met 3 wonder 3 referred 3 rummaged 3 both 3 dug 3 couch 3 eating 3 tv 3 tree 3 folks 3 crevice 3 frightful 3 c'm on 3 stuff 3 cute 3 bleeding 3 we 'll 3 doorway 3 creepers 3 lane 3 blame 3 worn 3 hill 3 smoking 3 expected 3 shoot 3 action 3 woke 3 fat 3 orange 3 surprised 3 wearing 3 author 3 act 3 watching 3 cigarettes 3 damned 3 wedding 3 swept 3 questions 3 picked 3 kinda 3 metal 3 iron 3 split 3 features 3 ai n't 3 moments 3 roads 3 pizza 3 cancun 3 butt 3 continued 3 order 3 sorry 3 squished 3 scream 3 screwing 3 burst 3 illuminated 3 forked 3 father 3 crept 3 money 3 fir 3 weekend 3 roof 3 parked 3 parking 3 explained 3 doctor 3 plates 3 stayed 3 rim 3 mommy 3 confused 3 drag 3 meet 3 museum 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 joke 3 fly 3 least 3 vodka 3 tall 3 idol 3 stuck 3 notes 3 company 3 cheeks 3 themselves 3 snatched 3 hanging 3 mist 3 impression 3 squeezed 3 peculiar 3 aspirin 3 drinks 3 thumb 3 disappeared 3 older 3 break 3 shone 3 american 3 parents 3 sit 3 news - paper 3 impending 3 culture 3 worse 3 denver 3 laid 3 bikers 3 followed 3 beam 3 air 3 form 3 baby 3 figure 3 lie 3 automatic 3 windows 3 possibly 3 diamond 3 novel 3 hesitated 3 fingernails 3 slowly 3 included 3 animals 3 boulevard 3 fallen 3 albeit 3 easy 3 cash 3 windshield 3 dialed 3 ruined 3 camera 3 field 3 anonymous 3 computer 3 afraid 3 human 3 classical 3 tossed 3 closed 3 cry 3 showed 3 has 3 attraction 3 waterskiing 3 use 3 shallow 3 drawer 3 box 3 shiny 3 grabbed 3 slapped 3 safe 3 star 3 pointed 3 notion 3 belly 3 via 3 sunlight 3 nodded 3 gift 3 taste 3 effect 3 obscured 3 above 3 thin 3 email 3 cozy 3 matters 3 imagine 3 ol ' 3 cracked 3 klallam 3 thank 3 flesh 3 naked 3 cord 3 western 3 partially 3 afternoon 3 top 3 doubtless 3 who ' ve 3 certain 3 directly 3 police 3 appendices 3 famous 3 does 3 outside 3 boyfriend 3 young 3 slipped 3 mom 3 indicated 3 print 3 patted 3 inherited 3 lurking 3 tourists 3 car 3 itself 3 happens 3 kick 3 wrote 3 anyway 3 below 3 lady 3 whispered 3 boulders 3 entries 3 appendix 3 details 3 height 3 spirits 3 easily 3 comes 3 ears 3 pack 3 rig 3 lip 3 whatever 3 energy 3 terrible 3 fist 3 switchblade 3 map 3 weed 3 articles 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 extra 3 purple 3 spooky 3 poked 3 ferns 3 wandering 3 please 3 farm 3 dwelt 3 frame 3 channel 3 brothers 3 rested 3 stones 3 burned 3 awake 3 careful 3 record 3 mile 3 fall 3 work 3 cougars 3 latin 3 professor 3 army 3 willie 3 weight 3 reality 3 harmonica 3 finished 3 smile 3 we ' ve 3 nights 3 skin 3 wrist 3 quite 3 problem 3 timber 3 exactly 3 olympic 3 coincidence 3 stopped 3 bottomless 3 frames 3 bright 3 summer 3 sent 3 spread 3 rack 3 space 3 slid 3 piles 3 gay 3 yelling 3 draped 3 fully 3 asshole 3 eleven 3 body 3 anyhow 3 single 3 normally 3 wooden 3 essays 3 touch 3 led 3 points 3 covers 3 dreams 3 native 3 tiny 3 walking 3 covered 3 vehicle 3 knees 3 got ta 3 empty 3 shook 3 true 3 background 3 boris 3 goodbye 3 moving 3 irish 3 creepy 3 further 3 change 3 tourist 3 step 3 asylum 3 crowded 3 reading 3 shelf 3 nearly 3 clear 3 ellensburg 3 books 3 strapped 3 circumstances 3 cursed 3 scattered 3 macho 3 driving 3 general 3 noticed 3 agreed 3 whispers 3 leave 3 desk 3 raucous 3 blank 3 balance 3 completely 3 acid 3 gold 3 looking 3 motherfucker 3 sleeping 3 burn 3 huh 3 blackness 3 jacket 3 live 3 soul 3 pair 3 checked 3 scene 2 vic - tor 2 descended 2 farms 2 counted 2 shoo 2 flattened 2 fair 2 share 2 slung 2 staircase 2 semicircle 2 resembled 2 matter 2 ashamed 2 megaliths 2 depths 2 hacked 2 breath 2 limped 2 return 2 attendant 2 gather 2 antenna 2 stone 2 cerebral 2 fetched 2 album 2 exchange 2 backpack 2 carvings 2 heavily 2 um 2 thigh 2 position 2 hissed 2 milk 2 whenever 2 b 2 vast 2 partner 2 spat 2 reflection 2 job 2 tooth 2 port 2 invented 2 considering 2 visitor 2 driven 2 drifted 2 illusion 2 flew 2 eventually 2 concrete 2 regular 2 valley 2 huge 2 backwoods 2 universe 2 jealousy 2 caves 2 streets 2 edges 2 academic 2 bottom 2 revealing 2 there 'd 2 key 2 printed 2 it 'd 2 plan 2 replaced 2 shale 2 die 2 heavy - duty 2 mashed 2 sheet 2 construction 2 wading 2 conditioning 2 handled 2 tail 2 released 2 stray 2 experience 2 individual 2 simple 2 teller 2 furniture 2 listened 2 sharing 2 chances 2 temple 2 popped 2 talking 2 elderly 2 lips 2 phrases 2 exact 2 initiated 2 thrown 2 close - up 2 clutched 2 seized 2 billy 2 dare 2 possibility 2 flame 2 wow 2 bloody 2 mounds 2 syllable 2 man 's 2 awkward 2 phantom 2 snorted 2 messing 2 hardcore 2 nelson 2 brick 2 fortune 2 chunk 2 possible 2 online 2 proboscis 2 norseman 2 past 2 sling 2 preferred 2 decides 2 dusty 2 goodnight 2 group 2 yep 2 unintelligible 2 pronounced 2 decrepit 2 coil 2 advertise 2 movie 2 granny 2 theory 2 reach 2 lunacy 2 ances 2 wounded 2 supplies 2 floss 2 precipitous 2 crunched 2 narrow 2 proceeded 2 tank 2 copy 2 credulous 2 definitely 2 highway 2 leech 2 stylized 2 d 2 eggs 2 slumped 2 pissing 2 disappointed 2 comfort 2 marty 2 telling 2 unfolded 2 new 2 send 2 capered 2 finger 2 scooted 2 regions 2 start 2 exploring 2 goodness 2 absurd 2 calls 2 fields 2 occasional 2 sweated 2 changed 2 antique 2 traveling 2 eight 2 forward 2 overnight 2 tempted 2 diabolical 2 flicker 2 mountainside 2 burt 2 relationship 2 sought 2 material 2 ceiling 2 hoping 2 september 2 stop 2 nested 2 rust 2 mountains 2 bargain 2 kin 2 village 2 sounds 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 knows 2 clueless 2 kools 2 ill 2 nebulous 2 means 2 sometimes 2 ached 2 slimy 2 darksome 2 seven 2 campus 2 shriveled 2 roll 2 flat 2 seventeen 2 plenty 2 catholic 2 senior 2 arts 2 casually 2 cargo 2 fixed 2 ex - librarian 2 unfortunately 2 smash 2 slice 2 washed 2 limned 2 spreading 2 m 2 slashed 2 burning 2 worry 2 odor 2 movies 2 grew 2 middle 2 legends 2 somehow 2 soak 2 handed 2 crew 2 bumps 2 engine 2 resisted 2 lump 2 missing 2 stationed 2 strings 2 settled 2 garage 2 laughing 2 exhausted 2 ordered 2 guests 2 france 2 ditch 2 scattering 2 hundred 2 could ' ve 2 loggers 2 lit 2 demons 2 posh 2 pegged 2 hurting 2 neighborhood 2 shattered 2 kids 2 muttered 2 confined 2 quit 2 margaritas 2 view 2 northwest 2 originated 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 soft 2 have n't 2 esoteric 2 has n't 2 sex 2 warmth 2 pajamas 2 recent 2 migraine 2 ball 2 carved 2 early 2 rough 2 transports 2 vanished 2 ribs 2 scanned 2 kneed 2 lichen 2 copyright 2 walls 2 may 2 coyotes 2 rites 2 forearm 2 candle 2 ah 2 conspiracy 2 jesus 2 battle 2 drawings 2 surely 2 clicked 2 managed 2 column 2 proved 2 leveled 2 aloud 2 vantage 2 stagnant 2 asphalt 2 coat 2 seventh 2 documented 2 crashed 2 pay 2 galleries 2 tents 2 ha 2 toll 2 standing 2 rush 2 precisely 2 coming 2 beating 2 scrambled 2 awesome 2 join 2 lake 2 foes 2 architecture 2 piled 2 envisioned 2 musty 2 uses 2 febrile 2 sights 2 chuckled 2 played 2 illuminating 2 guess 2 north 2 existed 2 floated 2 abyss 2 twice 2 u 2 floorboard 2 internet 2 angry 2 pulp 2 daddy 2 o 2 dying 2 visceral 2 2007 2 buddy 2 poets 2 lust 2 boiled 2 keeps 2 honestly 2 band 2 words 2 seats 2 temperature 2 lodge 2 scott 2 rusty 2 you 'd 2 thicker 2 mocked 2 stick 2 socks 2 nearby 2 bet 2 stay 2 pop 2 search 2 sudden 2 jumping 2 gives 2 entrance 2 major 2 yore 2 expedition 2 bastard 2 play 2 snow 2 belongs 2 scum 2 confess 2 materials 2 previous 2 access 2 etcetera 2 guts 2 type 2 lonely 2 check 2 picking 2 situation 2 note 2 nature 2 keeping 2 market 2 cans 2 figure 's 2 tub 2 vomited 2 asking 2 12 2 assistant 2 promised 2 chili 2 river 2 caverns 2 taught 2 frequently 2 boot 2 waiting 2 doors 2 johnny 2 meanwhile 2 sliced 2 glyphs 2 hip 2 known 2 city 2 person 2 towns 2 wrinkled 2 slide 2 mossy 2 bulky 2 grief 2 rituals 2 antiquity 2 fled 2 glistened 2 sonofabitch 2 watery 2 quarters 2 detail 2 iraq 2 cup 2 dais 2 laugh 2 boonies 2 consulted 2 wiped 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 shrubbery 2 might ' ve 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 goose 2 rugged 2 hoax 2 chilled 2 whoever 2 pointless 2 speak 2 recently 2 moves 2 sad 2 warned 2 tom 's 2 comment 2 rising 2 cramped 2 he 'll 2 extended 2 ignited 2 volunteered 2 amazed 2 mask 2 shared 2 gestured 2 arrive 2 closest 2 wished 2 honey 2 beast 2 showing 2 suggest 2 novelty 2 directions 2 kicking 2 binoculars 2 rotten 2 stash 2 ouroboros 2 hunched 2 reminded 2 interior 2 somewhere 2 opening 2 vague 2 subject 2 system 2 month 2 shifting 2 static 2 national 2 mojave 2 stand 2 pushed 2 debris 2 lifted 2 dewar 's 2 calling 2 maps 2 care 2 explain 2 retrieved 2 sky 2 heat 2 slow 2 beside 2 explorer 2 shirts 2 dull 2 rabbits 2 ages 2 1930s 2 places 2 smog 2 haze 2 surface 2 lean 2 walla 2 gore 2 bald 2 animal 2 normal 2 hood 2 touched 2 canned 2 bonfire 2 yards 2 cheap 2 station 2 footpath 2 licked 2 truly 2 feelings 2 shuffled 2 seat 2 wedge 2 rearview 2 pistol 2 deck 2 civilization 2 nah 2 disappears 2 tales 2 decent 2 revealed 2 movement 2 provided 2 belt 2 gazed 2 sidewalk 2 attempt 2 laughter 2 bulk 2 gathered 2 bones 2 spine 2 credit 2 breeze 2 central 2 seems 2 dental 2 peoples 2 pitched 2 swing 2 aware 2 radiance 2 stares 2 lead 2 sip 2 kite 2 vernon 2 unhappy 2 juice 2 bound 2 uncle 2 hillside 2 thrashed 2 suitcase 2 mumbling 2 algae 2 tarot 2 downtown 2 images 2 awe 2 service 2 forever 2 lens 2 horror 2 neon 2 circuit 2 hatchet 2 promise 2 court 2 towel 2 dreamt 2 loves 2 doubt 2 shots 2 muscle 2 bookstore 2 allowed 2 caressed 2 arcane 2 photos 2 daddy 's 2 soap 2 imagined 2 blobbiness 2 jumped 2 thousand 2 foul 2 title 2 wind 2 warning 2 thickened 2 future 2 inch 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 galaxy 2 rite 2 slouched 2 dry 2 stairs 2 hey 2 smashed 2 hobs 2 eh 2 wilderness 2 blurry 2 students 2 hunting 2 deeply 2 recovered 2 typed 2 ouija 2 artificial 2 tacoma 2 weeks 2 lunatic 2 umbrella 2 cop 2 toes 2 pagans 2 burt 's 2 remembered 2 intensity 2 thus 2 similar 2 bits 2 guns 2 doorframe 2 flowed 2 nails 2 fascinated 2 whiskey 2 free 2 canteens 2 bags 2 explanation 2 occupied 2 mount 2 visages 2 you ' ve 2 pissed 2 fragile 2 robbins 2 den 2 recoiled 2 broke 2 truth 2 passage 2 cryptic 2 incident 2 gag 2 branch 2 urge 2 visited 2 tackled 2 motorcycle 2 beetle 2 angeles 2 kidding 2 eastern 2 grotto 2 flap 2 suppose 2 reflected 2 must 2 imagination 2 sinkhole 2 sections 2 vines 2 compartment 2 faded 2 shoes 2 foothills 2 sunless 2 hears 2 reclined 2 glad 2 boards 2 nook 2 written 2 rented 2 ravine 2 toe 2 gob 2 conjured 2 starlight 2 rubbing 2 echoed 2 spain 2 trusted 2 bored 2 perfectly 2 says 2 steel - toed 2 blew 2 intersection 2 doom 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 confided 2 slightly 2 dust 2 steps 2 pentagram 2 press 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 remote 2 faked 2 reveal 2 should ' ve 2 festival 2 conduct 2 host 2 served 2 daylight 2 sign 2 relatives 2 blanketed 2 realize 2 sold 2 brushed 2 imaginary 2 wing 2 familiar 2 point 2 fences 2 sort 2 hominid 2 wending 2 diagrams 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 unsettling 2 dozen 2 cocoa 2 oatmeal 2 railroad 2 mold 2 headlights 2 y'know 2 minute 2 impossible 2 claimed 2 elegant 2 suffer 2 turns 2 courage 2 snap 2 granite 2 flipped 2 apparition 2 landed 2 shrieked 2 relaxed 2 comrades 2 chord 2 lovely 2 closer 2 anthropologist 2 propose 2 ibuprofen 2 rimmer 2 seem 2 natty 2 meager 2 massive 2 section 2 spending 2 shirt 2 font 2 modern 2 lines 2 unlike 2 loneliness 2 paid 2 singer 2 instant 2 carry 2 farmers ' 2 neanderthals 2 cigars 2 jeepers 2 mosey 2 stomach 2 jerked 2 cream 2 hang 2 searing 2 brought 2 granted 2 brown 2 blazed 2 quarter 2 drop 2 football 2 remained 2 frowned 2 persons 2 noises 2 thomas 2 keyboard 2 structure 1 narrator 1 calm 1 nearest 1 london 1 doggy - style 1 strained 1 married 1 hash 1 drilling 1 belonged 1 cowboys 1 twenty - five - hundred - word 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 shown 1 privy 1 doorways 1 satanic 1 fast - moving 1 trust 1 corn 1 bellows 1 numb 1 trendy 1 supernatural 1 bay 1 silly 1 photograph 1 mascara 1 pawn 1 riffled 1 soured 1 poking 1 screws 1 miracle 1 bench 1 address 1 mild 1 theatre 1 smells 1 favorite 1 burned - down 1 tragic 1 interesting 1 fiercely 1 project 1 opera 1 hats 1 sheets 1 signaled 1 thumbnail 1 ronstadt 1 booth 1 huts 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 enigmatic 1 noting 1 tables 1 flopped 1 toothache 1 owned 1 tinted 1 stomped 1 lightness 1 importance 1 crown 1 coincidences 1 rudeness 1 lift 1 identify 1 congratulated 1 treated 1 source 1 fuckers 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 obliterated 1 dirt - beneath - the 1 junkie 1 striking 1 toss 1 mockery - tom 1 telescoping 1 item 1 dueling 1 1 1 whom 1 banging 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 initiate 1 lack 1 finish 1 rumble 1 wring 1 crease 1 cheerleader 1 immediately 1 understandable 1 fresh 1 leland 1 p 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 editing 1 coffees 1 yours 1 fracture 1 roared 1 burr 1 supply 1 em 1 chainsaws 1 dropout 1 final 1 anymore 1 resorted 1 as - left 1 surprise 1 pivoting 1 sulked 1 photographer 1 shitty 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 dripped 1 fateful 1 mound 1 cares 1 accumulating 1 sky - blue 1 psychic 1 stains 1 drugs 1 latter 1 soothsaying 1 demons ' 1 doc 1 ex - librarian 's 1 flash 1 skis 1 pile 1 blemishes 1 building 1 unstable 1 chapters 1 thwock 1 holding 1 deal 1 fluffed 1 cardigan 1 owner 1 smudge 1 audi 1 soundless 1 redwood 1 counseling 1 trauma 1 caps 1 electrode 1 meantime 1 yellow 1 welds 1 encampment 1 crammed 1 serving 1 paralyzed 1 tunes 1 two - lane 1 bearing 1 web 1 references 1 student 1 unrolled 1 dissolved 1 shocks 1 teach 1 horns 1 flames 1 explains 1 burly 1 auctioning 1 leader 1 secrets 1 outline 1 fatalistic 1 jell- 1 vanilla 1 missed 1 travelers 1 narrowed 1 torso 1 culinary 1 research 1 burial 1 devour 1 penetrated 1 bring 1 cowers 1 sight 1 brisk 1 gouged 1 essay 1 perfect 1 misses 1 nooky 1 pats 1 saab 1 cruise 1 punt 1 jeered 1 neil 1 blocked 1 offered 1 panicked 1 locations 1 cheated 1 nightstand 1 lest 1 wrap - i ' m 1 else 's 1 grub 1 bordered 1 they 'll 1 splay 1 motes 1 mainly 1 sloshed 1 speed 1 summers 1 plotted 1 curlicue 1 shelves 1 uneasy 1 pass 1 may - he - co 1 zipper 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 jugular 1 persisted 1 cor 1 dunes 1 gnats 1 countryside 1 bogeymen 1 voce 1 moleskin 1 doing 1 rhinestone 1 overture 1 truck 's 1 unfocused 1 tumbled 1 unaware 1 brilliant 1 ourselves 1 jenkins ' 1 relic 1 profound 1 dumped 1 canted 1 dense 1 dyke 1 estate 1 again - hard 1 coughing 1 oblivious 1 route 1 raven 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 kidney 1 skirmish 1 clamped 1 muscular 1 clasping 1 haunted 1 afford 1 cheered 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 cosmos 1 kerouac 1 self 1 honeymoon 1 gloated 1 absence 1 pinochle 1 jizz 1 cat's - eye 1 sojourn 1 grateful 1 bills 1 unfair 1 fishermen 1 district 1 irritable 1 right - the 1 lavender 's 1 violated 1 hells 1 infinite 1 sock 1 texts 1 rest - the 1 cheapo 1 distorted 1 inn 1 hug 1 blistered 1 mental 1 landscape 1 van 1 lemon 1 bottles 1 matching 1 experiences 1 tiles 1 boomed 1 tex 1 ticking 1 inexplicable 1 conquered 1 appear 1 magnificent 1 crinkly 1 long - planned 1 bluntness 1 snug 1 force - the 1 machetes 1 dolemite 1 artfully 1 knife 1 scarce 1 dimly 1 rinsing 1 husband 1 hagar 1 crappy 1 piling 1 postcards 1 transformed 1 hmm 1 coherent 1 brake 1 sport 1 yolks 1 unclean 1 likeness 1 wenatchee 1 directing 1 2 1 hawk 1 pot 1 sideline 1 explorers 1 card 1 sotto 1 obnoxious 1 cotton 1 disappearing 1 staggered 1 drifter 1 conned 1 crystal 1 portland 1 dawn 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 eric 1 dreams - what 's 1 me - it 1 morbid 1 affected 1 davis 1 eccentricity 1 weaker 1 artists 1 mixing 1 represented 1 repairing 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 blast 1 decayed 1 erotically 1 plastic 1 grille 1 luck 1 witnesses 1 splattered 1 sawn 1 exiting 1 documenting 1 reared 1 sea 1 routine 1 deadly 1 graduate 1 coils 1 mucking 1 tribes 1 eject 1 funky 1 jobs 1 patrons 1 meteorite 1 bean 1 cleef 1 cheerleaders 1 leading 1 hoisting 1 joking 1 perils 1 steak 1 drunk - the 1 silent 1 lace - up 1 harsh 1 dick 1 player 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 glottal 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 reproductions 1 ruining 1 willem - let 's 1 shine 1 loath 1 well - beaten 1 charles 1 opponent 1 bumper 1 bare 1 murmured 1 wanting 1 kosovo 1 flashes 1 headlines 1 slate 1 braked 1 turning 1 unwrapped 1 swerved 1 planned 1 freed 1 maximus 1 supporting 1 sliver 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 sweetly 1 embossment 1 shelter 1 wheels 1 comments 1 commentary 1 plausibility 1 vamp 1 chanting 1 stack 1 dusk 1 mutter 1 woods - just 1 janitors 1 colonel 1 touchy 1 sheer 1 spilled 1 mysterium 1 swatted 1 software 1 wtf 1 two - thirds 1 focused 1 quick 1 certitude 1 torture 1 shows 1 twentieth - century 1 tweed 1 poet 1 patient 1 ripped 1 cupboard 1 patching 1 truss 1 mischief 1 match 1 screenwriter 1 one - ten 1 puzzled 1 emanated 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 purse 1 angular 1 tangling 1 climb 1 ridgelines 1 stubby 1 mine - alas 1 intake 1 account 1 they 'd 1 purchase 1 exertion - had 1 switch 1 chills 1 yaga 1 dicking 1 implosion 1 combination 1 hostile 1 uphill 1 indifferent 1 day - and 1 retribution 1 notation 1 faster 1 j 1 frailty 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 concoct 1 refused 1 catastrophic 1 ranger 1 hush 1 filament 1 rules 1 tab 1 laugh - ter 1 leechlike 1 seldom 1 original 1 poke 1 shivering 1 anthropology 1 undergarments 1 wonders 1 sausage 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 stiff 1 aching 1 deadhead 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 clearing 1 ta 1 brits 1 writhing 1 well - adjusted 1 shaken 1 diner 1 eye - shadow 1 left - hand 1 cleave 1 barkeep 1 proud 1 qualifies 1 second - guessing 1 law 1 gorgeous 1 understand 1 whirled 1 resemble 1 where 's 1 jack 1 canopy 1 monologue 1 decked 1 kerosene 1 cascading 1 snoring 1 feasted 1 modernized 1 engaged 1 flakey 1 proportions 1 baby 's 1 acquiescence 1 staunch 1 inbred 1 convicted 1 firs 1 lacked 1 button 1 misgivings 1 sweetie 1 bolster 1 inches 1 cedars 1 impinge 1 thawed 1 mouths 1 tendril 1 yugoslavia 1 cleats 1 tastes 1 blurted 1 over - all 1 determined 1 yonder 1 jaws 1 enormous 1 brother 1 goes 1 nerve 1 personally 1 clippings 1 buildings 1 ducks 1 witnessing 1 sunscreen 1 queasy 1 permit 1 origin 1 jump 1 pagan 1 before - in 1 rains 1 miss 1 muskets 1 solar 1 x 1 envision 1 submissions 1 patience 1 hills - a 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 cumbersome 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 toyed 1 9 1 shattering 1 appeals 1 el 1 gershwin 1 vicinity 1 pentecostal 1 badlands 1 department 1 thumped 1 stall 1 proprietor 1 weep 1 indonesian 1 burgess 1 picturesque 1 deranged 1 fishy 1 follow 1 effort 1 11 1 tide 1 rapid 1 endless 1 suspected 1 disorderly 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 miike 's 1 penknife 1 ankle 1 chasing 1 lore 1 dank 1 stud 1 bravado 1 bruce 1 off - the - rack 1 glittery 1 ignored 1 succession 1 concealed 1 hiked 1 precipitate 1 procession 1 hollywood - popularized 1 appease 1 whistled 1 double - breasted 1 twenty - five - hundred 1 versions 1 gleamed 1 breathing 1 theorist 1 kid 's 1 unease 1 harborview 1 armloads 1 corona 1 lawanda 1 surly 1 re - made 1 costumes 1 delicacies 1 india 1 landmarks 1 day 's 1 tray 1 stumbled 1 interested 1 wondering 1 growing 1 jovial 1 ends 1 wardens 1 sheep 1 cups 1 congregated 1 span 1 overtime 1 tommy 's 1 victims 1 putting 1 chalky 1 pausing 1 yo 1 christianity 's 1 plans 1 herself 1 takes 1 strand 1 amateur 1 stands 1 birthday 1 puget 1 soundlessly 1 banjos 1 topographical 1 varmints 1 fissure 1 shack 1 topknot 1 stumps 1 muggers 1 steep 1 broadcaster 1 shaky 1 composed 1 cooled 1 joked 1 needed 1 squarish 1 skiing 1 prospective 1 tripped 1 cat - a 1 technically 1 fudge 1 expensive 1 stubborn 1 leisurely 1 grit 1 seated 1 exhaustive 1 conjure 1 couples 1 lovelies 1 bone 1 alarmed 1 cutting 1 pawed 1 tenderly 1 1909 1 firewood 1 creamed 1 obscure 1 lashed 1 vulnerable 1 dudes 1 ferry 1 notch 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 horrors 1 busted 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 well - to - do 1 distract 1 puked 1 shed 1 picky 1 accidentally 1 kalamov 's 1 chains 1 handles 1 flask 1 choking 1 weekends 1 giggled 1 plaster 1 wreaking 1 taut 1 karloff 1 sober 1 c'mere 1 half - crouched 1 triple - a 1 hiker 1 root - that 1 hoped 1 acquired 1 pillars 1 woozily 1 cooler 1 burner 1 tender 1 tourniquet 1 irony 1 premonition 1 unsettled 1 pallid 1 dolmen ' 1 welcome 1 ram 1 colleagues 1 rapists 1 intent 1 tilted 1 combinations 1 sinew 1 bugs 1 ten 1 disturbed 1 evening 's 1 insides 1 sake 1 punk 1 external 1 dopamine 1 subjects 1 ripe 1 mini 1 towels 1 chattered 1 blob 1 song 1 fence 1 zipping 1 report 1 authorities 1 monster 1 shadowy - green 1 fuzzy 1 detailed 1 tourista 1 hometown 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tabs 1 tops 1 yen 1 3 1 information 1 meteor 1 wakes 1 wallet 1 disappeared - it 1 savant 1 hat 1 misery 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 thing - tommy 1 smarmy 1 shapes 1 covetous 1 better - he 1 ebony 1 soup 1 dusted 1 quietly 1 relevant 1 yawned 1 kicks 1 tooled 1 swede 1 gangs 1 sorts 1 punks 1 shrieked - i 1 rescue 1 flight 1 confident 1 beds 1 clambering 1 hosts 1 experiment 1 obscene 1 hole - in - thewall 1 shotgun 1 boutiques 1 unmarked 1 freaked 1 drug 1 fucked 1 14 1 ambulatory- 1 stool 1 boxing 1 spaced 1 choruses 1 sweep 1 parisian 1 believer 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 absolutely 1 screaming 1 disheveled 1 pimp - mobile 1 patches 1 ravaged 1 locals 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ber 1 treatises 1 lookout 1 frankly 1 eighty 1 calendar 1 balanced 1 sparked 1 presumed 1 humor 1 flintlock 1 advanced 1 paths 1 brotherhood 1 weekly 1 rose 's 1 capri 1 occultation 1 effluvium 1 matches 1 aw 1 solved 1 traced 1 concern 1 hotdogs 1 thickness 1 vanishing 1 fishing 1 cleared 1 prickled 1 junction 1 axis 1 hysterical 1 father 's 1 probably 1 dabbled 1 wholesale 1 restored 1 muggy 1 rode 1 beethoven 1 arm 's 1 listing 1 ladder 1 exclamation 1 cabal 1 grizzled 1 spooled 1 farmers 1 broncos ' 1 unzipped 1 lacerated 1 thing - it 's 1 flank 1 thomas - san 1 mallet 1 tremendous 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 wastes 1 clubs 1 lovingly 1 lurid 1 term - weird 1 collapsed 1 tucked 1 aisles 1 accent 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 creaked 1 galled 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 campsites 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 roaring 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 contacts 1 hookers 1 non - violent 1 cooperation 1 blurs 1 finding 1 duty 1 augur 1 pantomimed 1 died 1 erected 1 twelve 1 nurse 's 1 daughter 's 1 fate 1 frightened 1 cast 1 athos 1 sultry 1 customs 1 hinting 1 flunked 1 glimmered 1 manifests 1 everywhere 1 progressive 1 leather 1 seventy - two 1 palm 1 familiarity 1 flying 1 passing 1 scraped 1 pitiful 1 tip 1 slept 1 layout 1 malibu 1 carcass 1 guidebook 1 property 1 fondness 1 mima 1 fundamentally 1 younger 1 individuals 1 mob 1 transformation 1 mildewed 1 secondary 1 galvanized 1 fabric 1 eat 1 scorched 1 plunge 1 divinations 1 concert 1 graham 1 lush 1 mute 1 growled 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 resurfaced 1 attacker - a 1 browsing 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 dears 1 habit 1 location 1 playing 1 ninth 1 gorilla 1 lopped 1 cancel 1 busy 1 souls 1 steeply 1 wives 1 needs 1 intrigued 1 contented 1 theremin 1 scratch 1 suspect 1 surveyors 1 teen 1 lifeline 1 kinds 1 rooting 1 bells 1 smoldering 1 jittery 1 dissipated 1 sanitize 1 sighed 1 plank 1 goblins 1 dig 1 hellishly 1 protagonist 's 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 rings 1 insinuate 1 merry 1 career 1 yearning 1 rapidly 1 accurate 1 centralia 1 se 1 valleys 1 behalf 1 spell 1 stowed 1 display 1 cuffed 1 emerge 1 pining 1 hump 1 escape 1 trudging 1 salt 1 ritual 1 unlimbered 1 thumbnail - sized 1 justice - he 1 buzzing 1 devoted 1 multi - generational 1 befell 1 unwary 1 alley 1 boner 1 rube 1 ideas 1 stomp 1 studying 1 vermin - infested 1 dessert 1 whine 1 carpet 1 phoenician 1 duh 1 stentorian 1 paved 1 frighten 1 steamed 1 glove 1 portia 1 appendages 1 stonehenge 1 barbarism 1 mills 1 lower 1 oversized 1 funny 1 follows 1 physics 1 tumwater 1 shearing 1 accounts 1 critters 1 worried 1 appendage 1 maneuver 1 propane 1 cityscape 1 entranced 1 bothers 1 picket 1 ridges 1 hideously 1 digging 1 scratching 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 blurred 1 corrected 1 spindly 1 fieldstone 1 significance 1 grabbing 1 loud 1 workplace 1 visiting 1 runs 1 aspect - that 1 mutely 1 porthos 1 faux 1 restroom 1 honking 1 committed 1 tries 1 therapist 1 formation 1 sickened 1 tapered 1 excruciating 1 space - age 1 teams 1 yon 1 powerful 1 peripheral 1 throttling 1 honest 1 advertising 1 curb 1 cockles 1 thrill 1 merged 1 sedaka 1 multitudes 1 axes 1 havoc 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 write 1 slashing 1 speakers 1 alkaline 1 1986 1 halted 1 wildly 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 enamel 1 fraternity 1 reports 1 fainted 1 sways 1 ye 1 pioneers 1 bedroom 1 pimp 1 increasingly 1 news 1 conjugal 1 skirts 1 potential 1 possibilities 1 crave 1 rapping 1 bolt 1 evidently 1 beheld 1 gnarled 1 gaped 1 hubs 1 roused 1 do - overs 1 cab 1 geologists 1 heat - maddened 1 concussion 1 brutality - we 1 fascination 1 surfaced 1 dragging 1 eyebrows 1 decide 1 upside 1 divided 1 wider 1 sank 1 spin 1 tragedy 1 flashed 1 emergency 1 moldy 1 marker 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 palisade 1 customary 1 piggish 1 scholarly 1 hurry 1 masked 1 streetlamp 1 niche 1 en - visioning 1 stitching 1 werewolf 1 addiction 1 journalist 1 give 1 military 1 ralphing 1 gaze 1 bite 1 smooth 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 cancun 's 1 makeup 1 possessed 1 examined 1 grime 1 stakes 1 encrusted 1 lanky 1 touches 1 thrills 1 bony 1 opponents 1 astral 1 rectangle 1 july 1 lurched 1 figurehead 1 decorated 1 funeral 1 leads 1 medicinal 1 occultism 1 rules - be 1 bedside 1 gravel 1 pleats 1 mid 1 goats 1 cascades 1 breakfast - a 1 glances 1 ace 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 extraordinary 1 blocks 1 reinforcement 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 whacked 1 lighting 1 examination 1 egregious 1 raced 1 pouch 1 impulse 1 conan 1 casual 1 fished 1 balding 1 discrete 1 number 1 drunked 1 entertained 1 precariously 1 rocked 1 menace 1 flickering 1 attempted 1 relayed 1 well - the 1 crimson 1 inert 1 toppled 1 starts 1 schoolgirl 1 quivering 1 commune 1 test 1 wormlike 1 headlight 1 bristling 1 margins 1 lazily 1 identical 1 factoids 1 event 1 serpent 1 surmounted 1 boy - readied 1 imposing 1 derisive 1 girlfriend 1 maw 1 nurse 1 presume 1 having 1 forecast 1 writer 1 ruin 1 walkup 1 tape 1 bared 1 skind 1 ponderous 1 gobbledygook 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 knickknack 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 retreated 1 creatures 1 one - right 1 grunt 1 over - enunciation 1 winds 1 capitol 1 required 1 mastered 1 admit 1 munched 1 attire - baseball 1 lied 1 completes 1 scrape 1 related 1 cowed 1 sauntered 1 stranger 1 folded 1 coverlet 1 sheriff 's 1 christ 's 1 spiders 1 erosion 1 overcast 1 mess 1 danester 's 1 sweethearts 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 phases 1 fist - fight 1 damp 1 tricked 1 editions 1 cocksman 1 picnic 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 nefarious 1 manhood 1 estates 1 bandages 1 two - hundred - foot 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 fear 1 baseball 1 cds - glenn 1 ignoring 1 papers 1 lent 1 eggshells 1 festering 1 eased 1 tuck 1 around - i 1 basically 1 europe 1 stronger 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 rise 1 caused 1 lizard 1 vaulted 1 comics 1 sacrifice 1 bother 1 diction 1 mushroom 1 awkwardly 1 frazetta 1 packed 1 rejection 1 pullman 1 suite 1 meaning 1 tequila 1 french 1 amphitheatre 1 sap 1 beetles 1 potatoes 1 evaporated 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 royalty 1 too - skinny 1 somebody 's 1 logically 1 cults 1 thataway 1 greater 1 possum 1 wallows 1 compulsion 1 dangerous 1 ravines 1 evil 1 poetry 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 scent 1 june 1 exception 1 voted 1 soldiered 1 falling 1 divining 1 fun 1 successfully 1 mrs 1 groin 1 swaddling 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 gaps 1 patch 1 dealt 1 shrugging 1 punching 1 headboard 1 christ 1 admiration 1 dining 1 willem 's 1 instantly 1 pained 1 greene 1 cooling 1 debauched 1 shucking 1 wildcat 1 dripping 1 parlaying 1 charring 1 cracking 1 vacuum 1 rims 1 audiences 1 diagram 1 eyed 1 exhausting 1 coupling 1 breached 1 dot - com 1 complex 1 marshmallows 1 dirt 1 nicaraguan 1 wobbling 1 5000 1 cauliflower 1 bridge 1 apparent 1 breaks 1 luxuriously 1 mustache 1 creaks 1 secretary 1 rustled 1 groping 1 achilles 1 signaling 1 imitation 1 reason 1 element 1 sprinted 1 dozens 1 apart 1 labored 1 baths 1 entitled 1 curse 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 approve 1 sacks 1 tin 1 corners 1 smoldered 1 prematurely 1 moor 1 peeking 1 rattletrap 1 winked 1 proving 1 flower 1 updated 1 anguish 1 rangers 1 rid 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 scholars 1 cagey 1 continue 1 consequence 1 occupants 1 symmetrical 1 filling 1 publishing 1 week 1 mattered 1 citizen 1 junior 1 practitioners 1 confronted 1 wondrous 1 queen 1 corpse 1 est 1 confidence 1 whatsoever 1 pine 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 brazilian 1 voodoo 1 wicked 1 worthless 1 sundown 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 horror - at 1 charge 1 bill 1 near - death 1 leon 1 rises 1 essential 1 march 1 ceeded 1 anniversary 1 mistaking 1 fellow 1 replace 1 johns 1 clouds 1 observed 1 forelegs 1 clot 1 40s 1 murders 1 ring - it 1 profane 1 chin 1 hunger 1 message 1 overlooking 1 liquefying 1 owns 1 viking 1 mexicans 1 idiot 1 suggestion 1 needles 1 enthusiasm 1 mutual 1 guide - he 'd 1 softly 1 curiosity 1 chickens 1 planets 1 uncles 1 collins 1 keened - chains 1 jury 1 kissing 1 particularly 1 greasy 1 declined 1 blindly 1 amidst 1 juarez 1 aficionados 1 apartment 1 kiss 1 demonstrably 1 again - the 1 bumped 1 react 1 wailed 1 forget 1 clapped 1 showered 1 sepia 1 hand - drawn 1 resolving 1 winning 1 4 1 ribbon 1 startled 1 thinks 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 humanoid 1 mortal 1 aid 1 eldest 1 terminus 1 vigor 1 locating 1 college - aged 1 elevator 1 charges 1 ichor 1 clunked 1 regional 1 overflowed 1 dancing 1 interlude 1 beforehand 1 hilarious 1 figures 1 carrots 1 choked 1 empathic 1 graduation 1 chopped 1 elbows 1 breast 1 get - togethers 1 senator 1 entries - the 1 oozing 1 villages 1 birds 1 ornament 1 bronx 1 presence 1 snip 1 mutually 1 stupor 1 setting 1 elbowed 1 shouted 1 girth 1 proprietors 1 sulfurous 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 runes 1 nerd 1 ended 1 cow 1 beauty 1 rivers 1 showers 1 snakes 1 credibility 1 bellowed 1 manning 1 sheriff 1 colossal 1 muumuus 1 guard 1 curl 1 south 1 astronomy 1 instructor 1 uncoiled 1 noncommittal 1 flanked 1 enchanted 1 flashers 1 pitchers 1 superhuman 1 bunch 1 implausible 1 eclipse 1 amount 1 gory 1 mules 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 marked 1 rundown 1 manifested 1 government 1 flown 1 toying 1 york 1 dentures 1 occasionally 1 symbolized 1 do - over 1 mustaches 1 price 1 scandalous 1 contact 1 capful 1 corpulent 1 wholesome 1 collapse 1 ajar 1 semiconscious 1 slippers 1 plane 1 yourselves 1 smirk 1 sorta 1 artist 1 intervals 1 stink 1 spider 1 well - victor 1 wrenched 1 fine 1 journals - dozens 1 dolmen - two 1 chick 1 cue 1 smiling 1 answered 1 bleary 1 drives 1 astronomical 1 lucky 1 al - chemical 1 pour 1 aisle 1 magician 1 cartoon 1 hijinks 1 harrowing 1 safari 1 descending 1 pouring 1 nineties 1 proposed 1 meowed 1 ghouls 1 inordinate 1 stroked 1 atop 1 mug 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 turn - ons 1 sketch 1 trunks 1 hammered 1 reporting 1 steamroller 1 out - tough 1 guesses 1 monsters 1 ciudad 1 habitation 1 ambiguous 1 hated 1 fungi 1 whipping 1 mindfucking 1 crooked 1 slug 1 curled 1 rage 1 knee 1 stocky 1 belly - flopped 1 shout 1 searches 1 digital 1 stunned 1 ankles 1 emotion 1 shorts 1 redwoods 1 text 1 sports 1 candid 1 spoiled 1 plus 1 inhabitants 1 houses 1 dojo 1 necromancers 1 skins 1 peering 1 per 1 angled 1 crowd - pleaser 1 froze 1 spiked 1 powered 1 physical 1 itinerary 1 1990s 1 rowdy 1 magicians 1 arrange 1 working 1 knowing 1 difficult 1 bloomed 1 business 1 teenagers 1 code 1 sneered 1 loony 1 fact - and 1 tears 1 clustered 1 important 1 heh 1 recipe 1 glenn - those 1 us - glenn 1 knocks 1 apologize 1 ineluctable 1 traditions 1 slab 1 grating 1 bizarre 1 hateful 1 shrilly 1 2006 1 bend 1 hilly 1 downed 1 helmets 1 speaking 1 vicky 's 1 fortunately 1 notable 1 infrequent 1 seethed 1 total 1 gurney 1 bail 1 development 1 nicely 1 mckinley 1 fissures 1 including 1 unless 1 5 1 drowsing 1 content 1 atlas 1 chambered 1 inveigle 1 stain 1 wife 's 1 hollows 1 intimated 1 buses 1 puffball 1 religious 1 crevices 1 victor - victor 1 wood 1 luminous 1 imparting 1 gulp 1 clean - shaven 1 comforting 1 bread 1 frozen 1 cantina 1 probable 1 deeper 1 cases 1 communion 1 asylums 1 eerily 1 roughing 1 keloids 1 amplified 1 streams 1 clue 1 t 1 25 1 stirred 1 lover 1 tottering 1 fights 1 tick 1 packs 1 pubs 1 waving 1 deadlines 1 deadbolt 1 claws 1 punched 1 fetal 1 nailed 1 divers 1 recesses 1 aftershave 1 capital 1 items 1 posture 1 wreck 1 lopsided 1 educational 1 crooned 1 vibe 1 pith - helmeted 1 whomever 1 tremendum 1 rallied 1 psycho - sonofabitch 1 portugal 1 magnitude 1 saucer 1 here 's 1 cocoon 1 argument 1 colder 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 good - sized 1 yanking 1 forty 1 trundling 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 attributed 1 whatnot 1 salmon 1 nonsense- 1 wattles 1 subtle 1 done - wept 1 bathing 1 pins 1 slope 1 multifarious 1 listening 1 hugo - the 1 traveler 1 one - parker 1 apples ' 1 contempt 1 anecdotes 1 yapper 1 upraised 1 trip - he 1 arrival 1 telecommunications 1 peep 1 disguised 1 troops 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 snickered 1 inquired 1 rambling 1 pounded 1 rick 1 savored 1 weak 1 blazing 1 ill - tempered 1 according 1 friend 's 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 flutter - flutter 1 tabletop 1 rudely 1 nanny 1 joint 1 webbed 1 specialized 1 bag 1 satisfied 1 cooking 1 misshapen 1 mysteries 1 aura 1 hurray 1 camino 1 way - it 1 speck 1 loveable 1 loitering 1 emotional 1 bowl 1 carver 1 1895 1 seas 1 southerly 1 pains 1 scored 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 supervised 1 nerves 1 morning 1 upward 1 blueberry 1 doodles 1 hypersonic 1 drive 1 discussing 1 13 1 advice 1 soiled 1 saved 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 smattering 1 roots 1 farmhouse - where 1 crumbling 1 dungeness - sequim 1 devious 1 arch 1 date 1 concerned 1 rubber 1 buy 1 satanists 1 reasonably 1 babblin ' 1 linda 1 simic 1 shades 1 mirror 1 petty 1 succor 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 peninsula - and 1 loomed 1 doomed 1 nowhere 1 15 1 ozarks 1 oak 1 wilds 1 hoodoo 1 aversion 1 pavlov 1 reserve 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 takeovers 1 neighbors 1 purchasing 1 gringo 1 aroused 1 bricked 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 1940s 1 back - after 1 shuddered 1 abnormally 1 accidental 1 highly 1 plucking 1 flimsy 1 yanked 1 tease 1 dark - there 1 inmates 1 study 1 broncos 1 sooner 1 horrid 1 slush 1 planetoid 1 injury 1 proposition 1 road- 1 metropolis 1 california 1 inhuman 1 double - headed 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 slight 1 andes 1 dint 1 bucket 1 bitch 1 organized 1 ware 1 mistake 1 encircling 1 thicken 1 anonymously 1 mass 1 conveying 1 brightening 1 lively 1 fistful 1 veil 1 troy 1 prove 1 machete 1 wheelbarrow 1 lounge 1 scatter 1 addresses 1 fracas 1 puddle 1 primitive 1 photo 1 circles 1 handful 1 chill 1 untouched 1 skein 1 rope 1 charlatan 1 backpacking 1 goods 1 east 1 takashi 1 continent 1 security 1 hotter 1 statements 1 groove 1 shit- 1 cornered 1 despised 1 barbequed 1 sucks 1 operation 1 raymond 1 lightweight 1 poplar 1 pole 1 investigators 1 emergencies 1 cutie 1 traumatic 1 decidedly 1 flag 1 deadfalls 1 fetch 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 fuzzy - headed 1 gawky 1 gear 1 impact 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 pistol - whipped 1 resentment 1 raising 1 lumpy 1 letting 1 answer 1 inferno 1 twisting 1 sibelius 1 distance 1 imaginations 1 waved 1 contents 1 pedal 1 fabulous 1 hottest 1 hulk 1 currently 1 malevolent 1 painfully 1 dulled 1 aside 1 enumerating 1 collection 1 distress 1 appraisals 1 slango 1 repute 1 grab 1 time - glenn 1 ease 1 strap 1 refrained 1 baroque 1 removed 1 relatively 1 dwarf 1 insignificance 1 gulped 1 bark 1 snores 1 creature 1 built 1 signal - a 1 zounds 1 demon 1 magnolia 1 puts 1 pamphlets 1 memory 1 loathed 1 strident 1 separated 1 damage 1 disk 1 smashing 1 monitor 1 abroad 1 puffed 1 hunt 1 unpaved 1 determine 1 brawls 1 undulation 1 cheerfully 1 rabbit 1 drop - kicked 1 clannishness 1 trapper 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 category 1 coronas 1 silverware 1 fit 1 robbers 1 observing 1 perfume 1 monroe 1 inclined 1 reads 1 governor - ta 1 cherry 1 buddies 1 impress 1 teapot 1 cursing 1 horror - show 1 streamed 1 cham- 1 indulge 1 islander 1 winnebago 1 pretended 1 generation 1 caution 1 souvenir 1 sliding 1 ginormous 1 yell 1 approximate 1 shined 1 forgot 1 peephole 1 resemblance 1 campbell 1 resounding 1 props 1 cranked 1 feel 1 glittering 1 mushrooms 1 favorable 1 cousin 1 scenario 1 whose 1 recruit 1 hobbled 1 plush 1 scandal 1 tranquilized 1 cd 1 channels 1 toupee 1 restaurants 1 rattler 1 mom 's 1 ask - you 1 blouse 1 ghoulishly 1 an - other 1 demarcation 1 whopper 1 juniper 1 alabaster 1 brawl 1 heaven 1 reckoning 1 spewing 1 october 1 teen - queen 1 tagged 1 lobby 1 cabin 1 graces 1 shells 1 ringed 1 seasick 1 stories 1 indicator 1 repercussions 1 stomping 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 landing 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 swirling 1 thoughtful 1 languidly 1 wan na 1 ways 1 hurtled 1 shelled 1 napkin 1 hundred - thousand - miles - long 1 lobotomize 1 hopeless 1 april 1 surged 1 hyena 1 devil 's 1 uprooted 1 6 1 cigar 1 inaccurate 1 mix 1 nubile 1 outta 1 mustered 1 lazarus 1 maneuvered 1 dungeness 1 enjoyed 1 wackos 1 peeled 1 silence 1 grave 1 swayed 1 hour 's 1 house - and 1 africa 1 sucks - they 1 ex - haled 1 parapet 1 doper 1 backed 1 pencil 1 screw 1 logger 1 unfortunate 1 attention 1 progress 1 indistinct 1 minor 1 evergreens 1 lovers 1 visitation 1 swooping 1 cabo 1 mixed 1 mincing 1 pothole 1 membranous 1 becky 's 1 nutty 1 heater 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 tough 1 anthropologists 1 firsthand 1 menacing 1 satan 's 1 ripping 1 gulches 1 bars 1 excited 1 metallic 1 thigh - high 1 keys 1 recognized 1 nodding 1 above - a 1 loopy 1 drawn 1 panic 1 movies - his 1 overcame 1 free - lance 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 coursed 1 ever - shrinking 1 bird 1 sum 1 connoisseur 1 mythology 1 faustus 1 conjuring 1 outer 1 fumed 1 brief 1 otherworldliness 1 rooms 1 that's- 1 nausea 1 bivouac 1 chums 1 estimated 1 corps 1 escapade 1 sire 1 bounced 1 streaks 1 ultra 1 strobe 1 embarrassment 1 ilk 1 sutures 1 stevie 1 disciples 1 smogs 1 schleps 1 moist 1 bozos 1 rockers 1 rumpy 1 witness 1 vaunting 1 jose 1 eroded 1 doze 1 headlight 's 1 disney 1 punches 1 filthy 1 stew 1 conscious 1 pontificate 1 emporium 1 musketeers 1 rocks - the 1 incisions 1 ballad 1 hemmed 1 burps 1 fours 1 reasons 1 private 1 party 's 1 naturalism 1 tonight 1 bearded 1 hello 1 listed 1 pearly 1 happen 1 huddled 1 cafes 1 knocked 1 limb 1 footprints 1 firm 1 flawless 1 avail - he 1 forged 1 fared 1 remarkably 1 seeped 1 network 1 nick 1 hunters 1 coalesced 1 joints 1 glided 1 cause 1 teacher 1 handlebar 1 vertical 1 odds 1 status 1 acrid 1 hawaiian 1 lassitude 1 descendants 1 clever 1 tight 1 storms 1 signed 1 doodads 1 refugees 1 pee 1 boldly 1 numbers 1 pecked 1 blond 1 overhead 1 boy 's 1 linger 1 girls ' 1 overdose 1 traffic 1 road 's 1 handle 1 grip - dane 1 bullheaded 1 dress 1 disquieted 1 dreadful 1 bandaged 1 strangers 1 brood 1 guy 's 1 bearlike 1 all - girl 1 dominated 1 markers 1 slick 1 storage 1 thunderhead 1 yee - haw 1 five - gallon 1 signpost 1 rusted - out 1 hollering 1 midst 1 primeval 1 suit 1 disturbing 1 back - you 1 sharpened 1 signing 1 waxed 1 connected 1 superstitious 1 dearest 1 knuckles 1 celebrations 1 authenticity 1 escapades 1 worlds 1 doctor 's 1 insufferably 1 roadmap 1 dimensions 1 cars 1 rhetorical 1 horizon 1 due 1 cautionary 1 yipping 1 flagstones 1 ski 1 bough 1 six 1 laphroaig 1 pretend 1 classmates 1 approached 1 grandma 's 1 haunting 1 hugo 1 extreme 1 food 1 hangs 1 often 1 pantomimes 1 distracted 1 squashed 1 ya 1 weariness 1 decline 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 difficulty 1 worship 1 hotbed 1 changes 1 asleep 1 almanacs 1 areas 1 described 1 salamanca 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 dispensed 1 accidents 1 snick 1 rich 1 situations 1 chopin 1 sarcasm 1 leftward 1 prison 1 license 1 scary 1 requisite 1 cultivate 1 sorcerer 1 splatted 1 nerds 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 7 1 tool 1 impressive 1 foolhardy 1 ruptured 1 night 's 1 fault 1 charred 1 shade 1 repairs 1 complained 1 fucker 1 antarctic 1 royal 1 ticked 1 murderer 1 massaged 1 lark 1 given 1 dabbed 1 tramping 1 that - what 1 outdoorsmen 1 broadcast 1 gravitational 1 zapped 1 lugged 1 shower 1 chain 1 submachine 1 bowling 1 washboard 1 barfed 1 good - humored 1 connect 1 offset 1 feed 1 raved 1 convenient 1 chat 1 lives 1 librarian 1 slothful 1 parts 1 parallel 1 snowshoes 1 judgment 1 parlor 1 gurgled 1 wedged 1 shriek 1 1950s 1 clinked 1 half - carried 1 macabre 1 tri - corner 1 scuttled 1 blazes 1 fake 1 armchair 1 bolted 1 attack 1 paperweight 1 flinched 1 tulips 1 perverse 1 prehistoric 1 sawdust 1 billions 1 airport 1 cnn 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 collar 1 sidekick 1 kingston 1 copied 1 innumerable 1 rapprochement 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 squat 1 overtake 1 circulation 1 pie 1 mailing 1 nasally 1 lunged 1 am 1 public 1 mood 1 eighteenth - century 1 latched 1 pattern 1 phantasmagoria 1 diseases 1 gusto 1 crotch 1 taking 1 children 1 credentials 1 chiseled 1 baba 1 lulled 1 pedigree 1 argh - we 1 agents 1 lowered 1 whiteness 1 infuriate 1 unnerved 1 magazines 1 hysteria 1 queer 1 prefers 1 squeamishness 1 checking 1 whorls 1 scientist 1 needle 1 hummed 1 tripping 1 cuervo 1 style 1 companies 1 illustrations 1 homey 1 hooch 1 signal 1 vicky- 1 tighten 1 mugger 1 beans 1 credulity 1 farthest 1 campgrounds 1 hollowed - out 1 television 1 bent 1 odd - i 1 raccoon - dark 1 persona 1 howl 1 knocking 1 astride 1 sale 1 anybody 's 1 people - ginsberg 1 that 'd 1 admitted 1 somnambulant 1 redneck 1 gods 1 surroundings 1 sweaters 1 intact 1 fred 1 radar 1 ineffectually 1 backward 1 maiden 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 meditation 1 assumptions 1 bum 1 literature 1 clearly 1 exacting 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 pill 1 lakes 1 natalie 1 fellows 1 supposedly 1 danny 1 noon 1 harpooned 1 donated 1 scanning 1 manuscript 1 unfriendly 1 gim me 1 hitched 1 warn 1 alive 1 bloated 1 species 1 gases 1 crash 1 wants 1 seismic 1 cosmic 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 trough 1 pro- 1 off - key 1 ready 1 spare 1 stocked 1 smartest 1 parted 1 how 'd 1 guzzling 1 track 1 guise 1 tenderized 1 domestic 1 lair 1 seeping 1 trips 1 pills 1 dredged 1 stud - muffin 1 drooped 1 condition 1 heap 1 methodically 1 loops 1 latin - he 1 shaggy 1 douglas 1 dollars 1 travel 1 legal 1 blackmore 1 statue 1 trout 1 bank 1 attended 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 axe 1 slap 1 trio 1 garden 1 sideways 1 smaller 1 celestial 1 paramedics 1 trod 1 birch 1 pumpy 1 newspapers 1 stench 1 frequency 1 spring 1 entrepreneurs 1 mugs 1 bistros 1 grill 1 dodged 1 hammer 1 laureate 1 hatchets 1 uneasiness 1 cocktail 1 moldering 1 drowning 1 wheedles 1 weighed 1 joy 1 equal 1 nipple 1 tingled 1 intersected 1 admittance 1 grooves 1 growers 1 mother 1 oblong 1 rude 1 broad 1 stopping 1 gnawing 1 equals 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 survival 1 gregarious 1 docs 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 throwing 1 me - i 'd 1 compelling 1 hoary 1 limp 1 fraudulent 1 unpleasant 1 screeched 1 vent 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 gander 1 scared 1 attractions 1 housed 1 slots 1 exists 1 fantastical 1 hairline 1 argue 1 footlocker 1 dismissed 1 mirrors 1 translation 1 roasting 1 meninges 1 obliquely 1 explore 1 fashion 1 opt - out 1 flee 1 edition 's 1 afterward 1 fruit 1 moose 1 rushed 1 sarcobatus 1 splayed 1 firelight 1 kickass 1 solid 1 secure 1 snot 1 scrambling 1 base 1 messages 1 cougars - cap 's 1 ought 1 flirt 1 chucked 1 skwim 1 poem 1 bailed 1 semi - hidden 1 cyclopean 1 eighteen - year - old 1 scribbled 1 bed - wetter 1 lifelong 1 book 's 1 thirty 1 glowed 1 roses 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 idiotic 1 lurked 1 honduran 1 travels 1 regulation 1 territorial 1 mesh 1 unnatural 1 projection 1 neglect 1 stress 1 skipped 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 immense 1 uniforms 1 hikers 1 admire 1 negotiated 1 machine 1 mimed 1 adjusted 1 underwear 1 persecution 1 secretiveness 1 washington 's 1 loop 1 pinned 1 liver 1 verge 1 trap 1 hoisted 1 sunglasses - designer 1 shaking 1 hemlocks 1 adjust 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 briefly 1 pipes 1 inquiring 1 exercised 1 lungs 1 afoul 1 hurled 1 sped 1 onward 1 whacking 1 fancy 1 instead 1 overshadowed 1 should n't 1 exposed 1 half - serious 1 staring 1 illiterate 1 adventures 1 poppies 1 solicitous 1 former 1 gaggle 1 pig 's 1 campfires 1 jerky 1 vice 1 lightless 1 potholes 1 footnotes 1 glow 1 c 1 user - generated 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 lending 1 cocking 1 overturned 1 undercover 1 voyage 1 pure 1 storytellers 1 transistor 1 torn 1 statue 's 1 hangover 1 floral 1 ivory 1 stove 1 occasions 1 gaming 1 wikipedia 1 demonstrations 1 priming 1 crevasse 1 collector 1 mailed 1 baked 1 encountering 1 try 1 repellently 1 wings 1 cave 1 rotund 1 dales 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 goatee 1 translated 1 paint 1 seattle - a 1 nagging 1 smokes 1 bracketed 1 films 1 adrenaline 1 dimming 1 scurried 1 photographs 1 maui 1 navigated 1 veered 1 bargains 1 ape 1 snake - handlin ' 1 headed 1 proverbial 1 hundredth 1 peace 1 recommends 1 preserve 1 pose 1 assertions 1 pinecone 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 sweetheart 1 1849 1 enslave 1 keats 1 amid 1 lured 1 ghostly 1 abruptness 1 programming 1 tomcat 1 unseasonably 1 jerry 1 draw 1 version 1 common 1 sailors 1 interacted 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 unsynchronized 1 jaggedy 1 shops 1 tells 1 crenellated 1 alas 1 correct 1 gang - bangers 1 spinning 1 wave - the 1 sang 1 sightseeing 1 all - night 1 temples 1 subsided 1 elated 1 resort 1 intrusion 1 task 1 atavistic 1 bitter 1 confusion 1 black - veined 1 concerns 1 senses 1 ramp 1 fooled 1 unfurled 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 promptly 1 germany 1 snarled 1 glance 1 supper 1 clung 1 topped 1 souvenirs 1 rounded 1 eats 1 ruff 1 medieval 1 cookbook 1 revelations 1 flirting 1 unearthed 1 kings 1 almanac 1 raise 1 social 1 bloom 1 tromped 1 affair 1 helped 1 permanence 1 sweatshirts 1 songs 1 grownups 1 retreat 1 genuine 1 pissage 1 seventy 1 chance 1 caromed 1 adroitly 1 wrought - iron 1 reddened 1 magalov 1 flourish - a 1 cinematographer 1 scout 1 treasure 1 contorted 1 simply 1 learn 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 gleaming 1 extending 1 thumbed 1 pinball 1 edition 1 beckoning 1 traces 1 taped 1 camped 1 skip 1 vacationing 1 comforted 1 eighteen 1 loyal 1 dimmed 1 perpetually 1 where 'd 1 publisher 1 sunburned 1 claims 1 assholes 1 noted 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 sweets 1 tongues 1 crisscrossed 1 crossed 1 thunderstruck 1 rear 1 nauseated 1 syndrome 1 reputations 1 mark 1 moonlighted 1 fur 1 swore 1 foundation 1 necromancy 1 comfy 1 naturalize 1 proportionally 1 pocket - sized 1 remain 1 digs 1 underground 1 hugged 1 railing 1 selection 1 reduced 1 repair 1 lee 1 sundered 1 companions ' 1 omens 1 community 1 it 'll 1 two - story 1 badass 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 moronic 1 logs 1 appearance 1 anne 1 stitch 1 picture 1 hematoma 1 bevy 1 seriously 1 humidor 1 reddish 1 totally 919 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
beyond the scrub pine and stunted brush , a handful of tired - looking cabins sat near the dunes .
the beach itself looked like a strip of sand sticking out from a wild tangle of scrub pine and brush .
i looked for a good spot and finally spotted an empty slice of beach fifty yards north of the dock where a thick pine marked the end of sand and the start of island proper .
taking the free end , i jumped off the back and tied it off to the pine at the edge of the beach .
inside , the path led through a thicket of brush and pine , rising gently for about twenty yards .
snatching up the bow line , i jumped off the bow and secured it to a gnarled pine near the waters edge .
we laid him to rest in the shade of a tall white pine , amid a carpet of soft , brown needles that had dropped from the tree .
as the evening fell it began to get very cold , and the growing twilight seemed to merge into one dark mistiness the gloom of the trees , oak , beech , and pine , though in the valleys which ran deep between the spurs of the hills , as we ascended through the pass , the dark firs stood out here and there against the background of late - lying snow .
they wander through a valley where domiciles constructed from palm trees and tropical pines form the foundation of what had become their townone of fifteen such settlements that pepper the islands surface .
during this trip , i was fascinated with not only the mountainous , western landscapes that were highlighted by pines ; but also the history of the area .
as he made it to the edge of his old property , near the riddle - back creek , he sighted two horses tied together , grazing near the bank in the deepest shade of a small grove of lodgepole pine spruce .
she pulls into the driveway , illuminating the tall pine trees in her front yard .
the abrupt sides of vast mountains were before me ; the icy wall of the glacier overhung me ; a few shattered pines were scattered around ; and the solemn silence of this glorious presence - chamber of imperial nature was broken only by the brawling waves or the fall of some vast fragment , the thunder sound of the avalanche or the cracking , reverberated along the mountains , of the accumulated ice , which , through the silent working of immutable laws , was ever and anon rent and torn , as if it had been but a plaything in their hands .
the pines are not tall or luxuriant , but they are sombre and add an air of severity to the scene .
the stars shone at intervals as the clouds passed from over them ; the dark pines rose before me , and every here and there a broken tree lay on the ground ; it was a scene of wonderful solemnity and stirred strange thoughts within me .
though the cat spat , clawed , and bit as jim fitted a noose around her neck , it was nt long before she was swinging from an old pine tree in the front yard .
long followed coopers outstretched arm to the highest branches of the charred pines at the top of the low ridge alongside a rocky ravine that ran by the fire road .
he said he shot it in the pines about 1928 .
this was a conservation area separate and distinct from the pines , a provincial park .
this was made out of poles and brush , roofed with boughs of pine .
i mean , other than the ones up at the pines .
the beaver lodges up at the pines , explained chuck patiently .
looking out from under the falling spray , thin , yet sparkling against the blue sky , he could see lonely , dark - looking jack pines on a nearby hilltop .
the piece of land in question fronted on lake kandechio to the north , the right bank of the shashawanaga cut on the west , and the pines provincial park on the east .
the river went winding along from east to west , issuing from the pines and draining into the cut , which was a by - pass ; a flood - prevention canal intersecting the river .
the pines provincial park had a good - sized deer herd up there .
the pines herd was nt subject to hunting .
mind you , it would be nice to get a picture of the full moon hovering over a line of tall , dark pine trees .
when the cell phone tower that looked like a pine tree crashed through the roof of her house , denise barely had time to stop thinking about her wedding to the nice young man who she was going to meet tonight at charlies .
he goes , sure but we pay you for your hardwood and we seed pine in there .
i go , i do nt want no fucking scrub pine on my land .
he paused and leaned against a scraggly pine to knock off some of the snow which was caking his shoes .
i found my way out of the pine tree , pulling needles out of my hands .
there were enormous maritime pines that surrounded a beach from the white sand and there were no sign of the human presence .
the trees that characterized that point were all pines , a great deal more lower part than the redwoods but very more neighbors the one to the other .
this way saying ivo him made space among the rent of the branches , dense of needles and pine - cones .
when they placed the heavy backpacks next to a depressed clearing , surrounded by the thick of friendly secular pines , all were destroyed , tired and hungry .
it drew near him while he estranged from the camp to sit apart , to the feet of a stately pine .
while the new head of the village returned home , it shivered seeing among the pines next to the house - redwood the deadly red of the flames .
some pines found the space to collapse exhausted in earth , painting the atmosphere with the whole heavy din of their fall .
he started the car , manoeuvred and slowly went down via di torre annunziatella , jolting over the swelling made by the roots of the pines , pushing to get out of the asphalt that imprisoned them .
the air smelled heavily of pine and fir .
a power he knew as riin , something natural to all living things , blasted into his body in an unnatural amount , giving him unnatural strength - enough to send his heavy edge through a ten - inch pine in one stroke .
he patted a tall pine , ten inches thick through the trunk .
john winked , turned and swung through the pine .
the discipline it takes to fell a tree like that in one stroke starts with smaller tasks , like , oh , say , collecting and shelling pine nuts for our dinner !
daniel hit the sticky bark of a pine , fifteen feet off the ground , and latched on out of instinct .
tall crosses made of pine picketed the rocky incline .
he saw his dad 's flashlight propped up in between a branch and the trunk of a large pine tree .
a strewn out figure that looked like mr . evans was several feet ahead lying in piles of leaves next to a sapling pine that had been hit by lightning sometime in the past and splintered about five feet from the ground .
but michael had spotted something on top of the lightning struck pine and desperately needed to disprove his fear of what it was .
a smokeless , invisible fire seemed to be engulfing them , and through their horrific distorted cries , he could see that their facial features were melting away and dripping onto the pine - needled floor of the wood beneath their standing .
their skin blistered and shrivelled , their eyes melted in their sockets and their flesh oozed charred and lucid from the bone , popping and sizzling when it dropped onto the pine - needled carpet of the forest beneath where they stood .
within and along the edges are vast open areas fringed with old - growth oaks and pines , some funneling back into substantial pockets of woodland .
the house was dark except for the cast of moonlight which sprinkled down through the trees among the columns and a halogen lamp twenty or thirty feet up in a tall pine tree , illuminating everything in the backyard except the dense pack of shrubbery along the far right side and the waterfront tree line .
the back porch was screened but the glass door was situated in a pool of shadows the halogen light screwed into the reaches of the pine did nt touch .
do you know anything about fire climax pine cones ?
the wind in the pines hissed like a tide retreating on a hidden shore , and the scuttling of the leaves on the dirt road made me think of something dead that struggled into life .
in the hissing of crystalline snow through stiff grass - blades and the tidal rush of distant pines , she felt something else : a whisper as final as a fading breath , as revelatory as a moonrise .
at the edge of town the concrete sidewalk gradually crumbled and became a path of dusty clay , and he followed this route beyond the sagging warehouses , beyond the rusted lines of long - abandoned railways , beyond the weed - choked vacant lots and the long - neglected fields , to meadows where clumps of twisted hawthorn and stands of spreading sumac eventually gave way to a dense forest of pine .
at every gust of wind from the pale blue sky , the pines reached out with brushing needles to block his way , and shivers rippled across the stillness of the black water .
on the near side of the creek , the clutching pines had given way to a thick , writhing stand of cedars ; on the far side loomed a wall of grey stone that formed a high barrier along the creek .
clear and pale above the gently - stirring moire network of the pines and the white clutch of the aspens , the western sky was a calm pool of late november light .
soon , like a faded sketch in charcoal , a stand of pine and cedar loomed ahead on the right , a sign that she had finally made it to the route leading home .
it began snowing that evening , large wet flakes that by morning left the pines sagging under a thick white burden and made a snowy mound of mother 's rental car .
when another explosion rocked the earth , a fleeting glimpse of the first clan soared down and picked each of them up to fly effortlessly over the lofty pines .
and for a time , the brother moons illuminated the seventh world , giving the weary travelers a vision of life in the distance a forest of tall pines , and fields of ripened wheat .
her palm scrubbed down the trunk of a pine tree , coating it in heavy , sticky sap .
minutes later , the corpses formerly known as ryan and kelly fullerton shambled back towards gander valley , hand glued to hand by the thick pine sap .
i looked up at the towering pines along the road .
the tall pines campground .
tall pines .
the light of the stars and a bright moon overhead drifted down through the branches of the large pine trees all around me .
the image of black pine on white snow imprints itself on the inside of your eyelids .
tall pines campground , please .
i ' ve heard of the tall pines campground .
tall pines is the newest .
i ' m here to chop down the tall pines .
tall pines campground was still a blot on his radar screen as well as his career , to his way of thinking .
the house the moon was orange and low , newly risen through the pines like a sick , over - ripe fruit hanging forgotten from a limb .
passing it slowly by boat ( somewhat tricky as several downed trees lay in the water as obstacles to landing ) , even if one were lucky enough to catch a glimpse of it through the thick pines , they would see straight through the house as two windows lined up on one side and the other .
and then the effect was gone , and the darkness of the windows became profound , and the house retreated into the blackness of the pines around it , almost invisible .
it never seemed to cool down at night in the city in the summer time , but the air cooled by the pines and clear water of lake potawamish always called for a light jacket or sweater , very often covering sunburn from the heat of the same day .
deep glens and valleys , dense pines , deep , clear , spring fed lakes .
its state of decay made it blend in with the rough bark of the pines around it almost perfectly .
jen felt the temperature drop , realized it was the natural cooling of the pines , but it felt like something more .
the pine smell of the dark , cold trees combined with the light whisper that pines make in even the slightest breeze to make him feel that he was completely in nature .
the relative gloom of the pines was multiplied by the dark porch overhang , and it was hard to imagine a lake with full afternoon sun on it not more than 20 yards away .
he looked around on the ground and found a longish pine bough , which he then used to pull and prod the mass of vine out of the aperture .
the result was that combined with the gloom under the pines , within the house it was almost as if night had fallen .
when he did , he was almost relieved to note that the house had gone back into hiding again in the dense pines of the far shore , almost as if it had nt existed , as if the last few hours had nt elapsed .
gets pretty close to the state park , too , and i think the state would frown on cutting a swath through those deep pines just to put in some lake houses .
on the shore , at the edge of the deep pines .
shadows started to stretch out from her , deeper into the woods as if the giant old pines were crowding around to get a better look at her .
two minutes ago , not more than fifty yards behind her , shed crossed a fallen pine , rotting on the road .
the sun set quickly amidst the deep pines .
even a small patch of trees can take on ominous dark shapes at night , and the deep tall pines of northern wisconsin became almost like a scene from another planet .
its straight vertical lines peeked from behind black pines , a ghostly grey , dimly luminescent from the weak light of the stars .
there , circling , just in view in the dense pines , shot with starlight as they ducked in and out , occasionally being caught by the flashlight beam , but wincing and retreating from its light , circling them , circling the house , were animals .
whatever had been there now gave way to stippled black green shots of moonlit pine limbs and undergrowth .
they rode through the night , staring into the birches and pines , ghostly trunks lit by the headlights as they glided through the wisconsin cool summer night .
he pointed the truck at the ditch next to the locked gate to the logging road , the truck brushing pine boughs as it passed around the blocked entrance .
sangamon appeared through the thick pines some 20 minutes later , old stone and brick buildings built by the early german settlers still sitting sensibly and strong , lining neat streets shaded by pines and sycamores .
sangamon appeared through the thick pines some 20 minutes later , old stone and brick buildings built by the early german settlers still sitting sensibly and strong , lining neat streets shaded by pines and sycamores .
they drove on in silence for a while , watching the deep green pines slide by lining the county road leading back into reigelheim .
they each peered as deeply into the gloom of the under story formed by the giant pines as they could , squinting to see something anything .
the sun , leaning towards evening , still held a couple of hours of daylight out on the lake , but in the deep pines , the height and density of the trees brought twilight on prematurely .
the pines brought darkness quickly .
the second jolt , when the suv hit the pine tree , happened before she had time to do anything else .
the long rays of the sun , diffuse from the deep pines outside showed little but shadow .
the house , as it had done before , sprang suddenly out of the pines .
lightning struck a tall pine not 40 yards from the house .
she could even hear , although faint , the sound of the wind in the pines , and the waves lapping the shore .
shed be doing the county a favor by setting fire to it , but for the chance of it catching the pines that surrounded it .
a bolt struck a pine nearby that shuddered from the force .
the woods were under attack from the heavens , but the lightning was unnatural , garishly green stripes of light smashing against the pines .
the bright green of late wisconsin summer pines was deeper here in the woods at the far side of the lake .
after a few moments tanner dropped jens hand and walked nearer to the building , kneeling setting a small flame to the wet pine needles , the smell of smoke jumping to his nose , then rising and backing away .
as they drove off , the deep green pines swallowed the scene , hiding it from view .
when food is there , and you can smell the cooking meat and carrots and potatoes , and feel the warmth of the oven near , and your best friend in the world - the person you keep sending away , but who always comes back for you - is playing the piano and singing ` ` in the pines , '' there is an ineffable magic in the air .
he played the all - so familiar , e , a , g , b , e chord variation , and as he played , he sang slowly , ` ` little girl , little girl do n't you lie to me , tell me where did you sleep last night in the pines , in the pines where the sun do n't ever shine , i shivered the whole night through '' i sat there , and i listened to roland , and i was so at home in that moment that it could have been a dream .
he played the all - so familiar , e , a , g , b , e chord variation , and as he played , he sang slowly , ` ` little girl , little girl do n't you lie to me , tell me where did you sleep last night in the pines , in the pines where the sun do n't ever shine , i shivered the whole night through '' i sat there , and i listened to roland , and i was so at home in that moment that it could have been a dream .
in the pines , where the sun never shines .
the small forest was dark and shadowy , full of pines and firs that would n't lose their leaves .
he pointed to a nearby hill blanketed in a thick pine canopy .
a sudden memory of the smell of real terran pine trees occurred to her as she looked at the candy - stripe tape .
they passed through sunriver and scooped up everyone on the street , then went on to la pine , where every fast food worker , gas station attendant , and store clerk they could catch was sucked dry and tossed into the backs of the vans .
the vampires were parked , caravan style , in a state park outside of la pine in central oregon , preparing the make the final push to crescent city that night .
i think we should leave you here in la pine , book a room in one of the motels .
if she were safe here in la pine , it would be so much easier to fight in the coming battle .
we joined those who had already passed from the memory of the world , we climbed the embankment and lost ourselves in the pines .
table of contents the poetry of necromancy dead men weep in the pines extras the night wanderer the flowers of evil : selected translations from baudelaire about c.s .
the end in the pines it was a long time before she panicked .
they only kept these thin strands of pine to fool the tourists , to create the impression that there was still nature here , even wilderness- a wide dark forest on every side of them .
the gray chaos of branches made her progress slow , and the smell of the pine was sharp and sweet , cloying as a love letter .
a song about pine trees , a song of shivering .
these pines swallowed wanderers .
the crush saga book trailer : http : //youtu.be/4emf8kxeuc4 crush sample chapter 1 big bear lake , california is located in a lush green valley , surrounded by mountains and the towering pines , sparkling streams , wildlife , and hidden lakes of the san bernardino national forest .
dusters inc . had bought the forty - foot antenna a year ago , planting it just outside the building to stand like a barren , metallic pine tree .
an old pine tree grew close to the house just outside the glass .
it came again and this time she was sure she saw a small pine among the undergrowth move as something brushed against it .
two years ago he d hired a company to fence in the backyard with eight - foot pine .
it was beginning to get hot and the slip was within a copse of tall pines lining the perimeter , but it was not because of the shade she parked there .
beside it crowded a nice little copse of oak and pine at one end .
he parked the jeep in the shade of the oak and pine cluster , snapped both seatbelts loose , and grabbed the cooler .
he noticed , not far away , ten feet perhaps , in the reach of a pine tree , the remnants of a treehouse long gone to neglect .
for all things now and the terrible lost things shed never realize again , only pine after them until her dying day .
the missiles veered after them , following the fireballs into the dead pines below .
he appeared out of nowhere and walked beside her through the pines .
if you closed your eyes ( as she did now ) you could try to imagine it was strong wind in the pines of the central mountains .
you could walk for hours on the heath , alongside streams and lakes and through stands of pines and not meet a soul except herons and , if you were lucky , otters .
as the peak hour crowd milled past , the images of pines and lakes lingered in the directors mind .
the pine had dumped a great cowl of snow on the car .
forgetting the log - saw he d bought he tried to break off branches from the pine with his bare hands .
she heard him calling her name beneath the hiss of the wind in the pines .
dense blackjack oak forests still lined the highway mile after mile but among them now were fir and pine and glimpses of the man - made lake that had saved hearken , oklahoma from the brink of extinction .
case made the turn and drove east following a sinuous but smooth asphalt road until the lake appeared like a misshapen easter egg hiding among the scrub oak and pines .
just ahead was a slight hill , covered in skinny pines .
i walked to the end of the path and stepped onto the strip of grass that ran past the education wing , then faded off under the pine and eucalyptus trees into dirt and ground cover bits of wood and fallen needles and leaves .
even at a very young age pine had a hot temper and was vengeful .
the amazing blazing pine , trent said with some theatrical flare .
the problem was that the curtain had been raised on the truth at the height of one of pines performances when the crowd was firmly his .
that was the same town where the escaped slave was lynched when pine was just a young boy .
the amazing blazing pine was no more than a smoking stump .
i do nt know what were going to find down there but if what we ve all experienced so far is any indication pine is nt going to give up without a fight .
he discerned the identity of jonas pine and soon thereafter learned from the disembodied spirit of susan that pines ghost was still around and she was doing her best to hold him at bay .
it then became his mission to find a way to stop pine from getting loose .
we ve found important events are often marked with fire when it comes to pines activities .
when this thing started happening to me i got the impression that pine was one who held captive susan and the ghosts of the other kids who died in the fire .
he seemed to think pine was in charge .
without susan there to restrain him we have no idea what pine is capable of doing .
just know this : if pine has his way there will be a firestorm of destruction which will rain down on this city , and if were lucky it will only be on this city .
i watched as pine entered the room and threw the ladder and the girl on it aside to keep her from getting away .
after a short time we came to pines chamber where there was a makeshift bed and a steamer trunk .
she landed on her knees in front of it then looked back at pine , fear aglow in her eyes .
the boy had stayed behind in this room and planned to delay pine as she had tried to escape .
then pine was behind tossing her aside .
i followed her and the sounds of pine faded behind us .
i thought as i walked behind the girl about how pine must have died cramped in that steamer trunk maybe through dehydration or perhaps smoke inhalation if enough smoke from the fire above found its way down the tunnels .
were going to the little chamber pine kept as head quarters for whatever dirty little operation he was running in the town .
the visible skull behind pines transparent face accentuated the demonic grin he wore .
i asked pine .
come on if you truly are the amazing blazing pine .
he must have come in through whatever other exit there was to the place and snuck through the tunnels until he emerged behind us as we journeyed to pines chamber .
i briefly contemplated lying down and allowing pine to finish me off quickly .
i looked at pine , the satisfied bastard , standing there laughing at our loss , the loss he had initiated .
i looked between pine , voxs body and price .
i looked over to pine who quickly hid an expression of shock .
before the weapon could reach its mark it was met by the club in pines hand .
though trent pressed the fight we all soon discovered pine was faster and stronger in this form than we might have expected .
every time trent swung the shovel pine easily met it with a parry from his club or he simply avoided the attack altogether .
all the while pine never made an attack of his own , he only defended .
instead of blocking the blow or dodging it this time pine caught the shaft of the shovel in his free hand .
as a counter move pine brought the shovel back around smacking trent across the face with the head of it .
katie seized the moment of pines gloat over trent and launched her shovel at him in an overhand throw .
the shovel wheeled through the air and pine looked just in time to see it reach him .
the ghostly form of pine faded away briefly and returned .
i had to do something to distract pine so katie at least had the chance to find another shovel to use in defense .
the shovel whistled harmlessly through the air and pine snapped fully upright .
she was on the floor scrambling toward the shovel she had thrown at pine earlier .
as she laid a hand on the handle and began to pick it up pine reached the tool also .
katie looked up at the grimacing pine from her place on the ground then scrambled away and managed to get herself up on her feet .
chapter thirty breath or no breath , strength or no strength i would not allow pine to continue his assault on katie .
i staggered my way over to where pine lay on top of katie , pinning her to the ground .
the course took the shovel to dead center of pines form .
as before the ghostly layer of pines apparition over the skeleton disappeared , longer this time and two more of his ribs fell off by themselves .
i did nt want pine getting to her and i did nt want her in the way incase an opportunity to get at pine presented itself .
i did nt want pine getting to her and i did nt want her in the way incase an opportunity to get at pine presented itself .
the anticipation of pines collision tensed every muscle in my body .
i looked back over at pine .
let me go , sonny , or ill tear your friends apart and feed them to you piece by piece until you explode , pine cried .
as pine persisted in his attempt to break free i closed my eyes , found the calm center of myself and explored the possibility of what i might do next .
he shifted his attention between pine and me a few times .
i also looked to see what had happened and discovered a set of hands which grasped at pines ankle .
the boy pulled himself fully onto pines leg , hugging it to his chest .
it was the boy with the ruined face pine had killed as he hounded susan through those same tunnels one hundred years previous .
it will be easier for you later if you let me go now , pine warned .
he continued to hold pine under the barrage of the beating .
the boy , rueben , screamed and then more hands appeared from the wall and grasped part of pine , pulling him back against the wall .
they were mostly sets of childrens hands but there was also an adult pair which grabbed pine by the neck and pulled him back .
when i opened my eyes again i focused on pines free hand .
the light coming from the multiple points on pines form soon consumed his entire figure .
the other ghosts , i said , the ones who helped me with pine .
we only saw pine .
trent seemed to have it the worst with the deep cuts on his face he d received from pine .
why did pine seem so hell - bent on that little girl ?
jsus tried to swerve around a miniscule pine tree on the corner of their lot , a tree that the entire family had planted in remembrance of his father , only to crush it under one of his wheels .
jason took the north trail out of their campsite , a winding path that was regularly bisected by the roots of the ginormous pine trees that it wound its way through .
chapter 7 guthrie , west virginia the road winded upward , across a picturesque landscape of turning leaves and tall pines .
a brisk wind was rustling the turning leaves , and the surrounding pines began to bend .
the winds were roaring in his ears , and he could see where a large pine had fallen onto the fence .
he supposed he could always claim he was suicidal and go to west pines , but they 'd just see right through his plans and kick him out before he would even have the chance to take the first of the prescribed detoxification medicine .
he sprayed the kitchen with glade until it reeked of artificial pine scent .
i reached out , and could suddenly smell forest , the rich earth of leaves , and the comfort of pine .
i smelled the grass and heat of lion , and the thick pine of forest and the musk of wolf , and rain and jungle , thick and exotic and leopard .
i smelled trees , leaves , pine , forest .
there was a prickling rush of energy and the scent of pine and forest was thick on my tongue .
they pushed on to the village of hayes station and stayed the night at a tumbledown motel called whispering pines .
he had dreamed of these two in the whispering pines motel , two nights before alice had been killed .
there were pines in the hills south of the pit , and some growth high up around the edges , but the pit itself was sterile - not even juniper grew here .
after the first day , he stopped listening to the walkman , discovering that he liked the music of the woods better - the silk of the wind in the pines , the rust of the crows .
snow flew up and around it in a fine spray ; the headlights painted the snow - slumped pines on the left side of the road in a pair of moving spots .
the wind in the pines sounded like god 's own electrolux .
once , with the idiotic pete moore piloting his flexible flyer and henry riding behind him , they had gone head - on into the big pine at the foot of the hill , the one all the kids called the death tree , and survived with nothing more than a few bruises and a couple of loose teeth each .
he staggered backward , flailing for balance , and had he not run into the stiffly jutting branches of a pine growing at the left side of the road , he surely would have fallen down again .
there was a soft flump of snow falling from one of the pines behind him as the lower branches shed their burden .
the pines and spruces below appeared and disappeared in vapors of white .
the green kiowa was still down there , just below the hanging line of gunships , its rotors beating at the split top of a tall old pine just under it , making it ruffle and sway .
there was only the wind and an occasional padded plop as a clot of snow slid off a pine or spruce and hit the new snow beneath .
it slipped in between two big pines and then waited for them , spinning just above the snow .
the one with the pine growing out of the middle .
he saw two figures emerge from the tangle of birches and pines , bent low , very much in combat - advance mode .
most of it 's uninhabited , a tangle of banyans , palms , and australian pines with an uneven , dune - rumpled beach running along the gulf edge .
the trees are mostly just slash pine , i think , although- '' she slowed to a crawl and pointed to the left , craning to look up through the corner of the windshield to do so .
it was cabbage palms covered in strangler fig and gumbo limbo and slash pine inland ; it was liveoak and mangrove in the few places the ground was wet .
because in spite of all his big talk , that edgar freemantle really had n't had another life ; that edgar had just switched the backdrop of his invalid 's existence from pines to palms .
the foliage closed in one final time banyans and scrub pines choked with gray beards of spanish moss but jack bulled the mercedes through , and all at once the undergrowth drew back .
this last stretch of road was flanked on both sides by ancient australian pines of imposing height .
the wind - it had progressed quite a bit beyond the breeze stage , she noticed - gusted outside , sighing through the pines on the slope between the house and the take .
but no one answered her frantic cries - no caretaker , down here to check on his places by the lake , no curious local out rambling with his dog ( and perhaps trying to discover which of his neighbors might be growing a little marijuana among the whispering pines ) , and certainly not maury povich .
the wind gusted outside , making the pines whisper and the loose door bang .
the pines soughed ; the back door banged ; the dog paused , then resumed its noisome smacking and ripping and chewing .
the sound of it hissing through the pines was comforting , lulling .
her eyes , which had been wandering aimlessly across the darkened room , locked on the far corner , where the wind - driven shadows of the pines danced wildly in the nacreous light falling through the skylight .
farther on in that direction , beyond the writhing shapes of the pines , she could see a fading band of gold on the line of the horizon .
as the mercedes struck one of the large pines which bordered this section of the road , the seatbelt locked and jerked her backward again .
the sweet , resiny smell of the pines , for instance , and the way the clouds seemed so close - less like clouds than like draggles of whitish - gray smoke .
here the pines which had stayed modestly back from the main trail crowded in , reaching with their blueblack branches , and there was underbrush , as well - clogs and clogs of it .
trisha held onto the conveniently jutting branch of a nearby pine , bent her knees , then reached between her legs with her free hand , yanking her pants and her underwear forward and out of the firing line .
she could hear 27 . the sough of the wind through the big old west - country pines , she could hear the squawk of a jay and the far - off hammering of a woodpecker digging his midmorning snack out of a hollow tree , she could hear a couple of freshly arrived mosquitoes ( they were buzzing around both ears now ) , but no human voices .
standing by the fallen tree , waving at the bugs but not slapping at them , trisha had fixed her eyes on a tall pine about forty yards away ... forty yards north , if she still had her bearings .
she walked to this , and once she was standing there with her hand on the big pine 's sap - tacky trunk , she looked back at the fallen tree .
she inhaled the spicy smell of the waxy green leaves ( also good to eat , quilla had said , although trisha had never tried them - she was n't a woodchuck , after all ) , then looked back at the pine .
the sight of her own blood did n't ordinarily upset her , but this time all the strength went out of her legs and she sat down again on the needle - carpet in a cluster of old pines and cried some more .
for awhile she would walk through great old stands of pine , and there the forest seemed almost all right , like the woods in a disney cartoon .
some stuff she knew because her mother had told her : the birches , the beeches , the alders , the spruces and pines ; the hollow hammering of a woodpecker and the harsh cawing cry of the crows ; the creaky - door sound of the crickets as the day began to darken ... but what was everything else ?
trisha plodded through pines and spruces that grew taller and better spaced as this part of the woods grew older .
there was no convenient fallen tree to sleep under tonight , but about twenty yards from this side of the stream she spied a tangle of dead pine - boughs .
she leaned forward and put her forehead against the pine tree 's sticky bark .
trisha put her pack down at the head of one of these , went to the nearest stand of pine , and broke off enough boughs to make a mattress .
walking slowly with her legs spread far apart - her butt chafed less when she did that - trisha went back to the pines and broke off more branches , this time meaning to pile them on top of her like blankets .
no sound but the soughing of the wind through the pines ... and then a grunt .
from the stand of pines ?
she had a horrible idea , almost a certainty , that it was the pines .
the thing which had been watching her was in the pines .
she sensed it coming now , slipping out of the pines and finally coming for her .
she came to an old forest of pines through which the light slanted in ancient dusty beams like sunrays falling through the high windows of a cathedral .
' you 're on the pine ! '
three years later and three thousand miles from northern new england , he attains a queer kind of celebrity by marrying a woman who is a movie - star and five years his senior at hollywood 's church in the pines .
past that one there is just route 7 again , continuing on in a straight line between bulking banks of pine and spruce .
got some cigarettes for you , bevvie , tom thought as the wagon ran between stands of pine and spruce , heading toward derry at a little better than sixty .
neither was the railroad trestle going over to the trainyards at the end of neibolt street or the old cape housing development - low bluffs and red sandstone outcroppings of rock bulged out of thick stands of giant fern and pine trees where the old cape should have been .
when she had entered the pines beyond the junked cars ; she looked back over her shoulder .
if he tells , patrick thought , standing in the grove of pines and looking at the rusty amana , i 'll tell that he broke eddie kaspbrak 's arm .
bushes and lackluster scrub pines had reclaimed it all .
once you 're on the far side of speckled bird mountain you grab the stanhouse road , turn left onto the bull pine road - there 's a swampy patch there but you can spang right through it if you get up enough speed on the gravel - and so you come out on route 106 .
he recognized the grove of pines just beyond the place where the road curved - it was the grove where the scout had fetched up , its nose crumpled around the largest tree in a jagged embrace .
the scout missed the curve and veered off the road and toward the grove of trees where the large pine waited .
playing golf over at the westside course or taking the wives to ponderosa pines and driving those little go - karts .
the two - lane blacktop ran straight ahead through an alley of pine and spruce , deserted .
matt was right ; the top angle just peeked above the dark horizon of pines , blotting out the stars at the rim of the visible world with the regular shape of human construction .
in the pines it was at least ten degrees cooler , and gloomier still .
from her spot behind a final stand of pines and a spray of junipers , she could see the west side of the house and the creepered tangle of honeysuckle , now autumn ? -barren .
the sun hung over the western pines , peering out of the broken clouds like blood .
my name is richard pine .
pinzetti drops back to pass ( pine , i mean , pine ) .
the rock wall fell away on their right , disclosing a slash valley that seemed to go down forever , lined a dark green with rocky mountain pine and spruce .
the pines fell away to gray cliffs of rock that dropped for hundreds of feet before smoothing out .
further up , seemingly set directly into the slope itself , she saw the grimly clinging pines give way to a wide square of green lawn and standing in the middle of it , overlooking all this , the hotel .
beyond the pool a graveled path wound off through baby pines and spruces and aspens .
an unbroken field of snow rose to the first pines about a mile distant .
in front of him the road was gone ... he was looking into a bottomless chasm of swirling snow and vague greenish - gray pines far away and far below .
pines took over here , and the wind soughed pleasantly in them , carrying the aroma of fir and sweet resin .
a little breeze came up , pushing its secret way through the pines but barely ruffling wendy 's hair .
beyond , the lake widened out , mirroring the pines along its verge .
the only sounds were their out - of - breath gasps as they pistoned their fists into him and the liquid twitter of a nightjar in the deep stand of pine close by .
then lights were splashing down the road , which was bordered here by underbrush and interlaced with huge old pines .
he could hear wind whispering in the pines .
at quarter past eleven he suffered a massive coronary thrombosis and fell down dead on the corner of oak and pine , near a fire plug .
and suddenly an eye had opened in all that darkness , rolling horribly from one side to the other while the wind moved lonesomely through the pines and the blue mountain spruce .
now he was looking straight down at a long vista of blue - gay pines and huge tumbled boulders .
in the dawnlight stu thought that the pines crawling between the naked and nearly perpendicular stone faces looked like the veins ridging some giant 's hand that had poked out of the earth .
with it came a sudden wave of homesickness for ogunquit , for the ocean , for the good maine hills and pines .
but parked on his cycle at the end of nederland 's cheesy main street with the honda 's neutral light glowing like a cat 's eye , listening to the winterwhine of the wind in the pines and the aspens , he had felt something more than mere magnetic attraction .
due east were the flatlands , stretching away toward nebraska , and closer at hand was boulder canyon , a knife - gash through foothills that were walled in pine and spruce .
the sound of the wind , dead and distant ... an eagle poised in the highest crotch of an ancient lightning - blasted pine somewhere south of richfield felt something pass close by , some deadly sighted thing whizzing through the night , and the eagle took wing against it , fearless , and was buffeted away by a grinning sensation of deadly cold .
before , the forest had seemed composed solely of pines and spruces .
jack moved to the left and behind the trunk of a pine .
jack 's fingers squeezed and relaxed on the pine 's gummy back .
jack waited , his hands frozen to the bark of the pine , sure that morgan would call a halt .
he stomped off through the pines , and jack realized for the first time that the talk released by his feelings about the daydreams had infuriated his friend .
he pointed out a big pine with a double top , and fifteen minutes later told jack , ' there used to be a rock on the other side of this hill that looked just like a frog .
he drove down to the a - frame cottage which belonged to the williams.family , summer residents from lynn , massachusetts , parked on a carpet of needles under a hoary old pine , killed the engine and got out .
and now every pine and maple he could see on this side of castle lake appeared to be full .
norm jumped the wall and stood there for a moment , looking into the snowy woods and listening to the drip of melt - water from the birches , pines , and spruces .
his father 's house was set well back from the road ; their graveled driveway was nearly a quarter of a mile long , running through a heavy stand of second - growth spruce and pine .
behind him was a child 's red wagon filled with small pine trees , their roots wrapped in burlap .
recalling what ngo called the pines , he said : ' i see you 're planting more weeds . '
johnny watched him go , a small man in suntans and moccasins , pulling a wagonload of baby pines .
the moon came up , an orange eye above the pines , and beat a bloody path across the swimming pool .
fifteen minutes later we were on a rutted dirt track with snow - freighted pines staring at us on either side .
i kept my grip on my wolf , but the rest of me i gave to richard , and gradually i could taste pine , and leaf mold , rich and thick and foresty .
the road stretching back toward castle stream between the darkly massed pines and spruces was empty .
about twenty minutes later we heard a ripping , rending crash as one of the big pines went down nearby .
the huge old pine that had guarded our boat cove had been sheared off halfway up .
a hundred feet of tree , the old pine 's top half , lay partly submerged in our shallow cove .
then i said what the hell , i drove it up and a big old rotten pine fell on it .
since the power truck had driven through , a pretty fair - sized pine had dropped across the road .
then i came to a hoary old pine lying across the road like an outlaw 's barricade .
the scrubby pines behind the service area sloped down to a boggy area that stank of plant and animal decomposition .
anderson had been down here before in the thirteen years that the garrick farm had n't become the anderson farm ; she recognized the slope of land , a deadfall left by pulpers who had probably all died before the korean war , a great pine with a split top .
he was looking down at his skis , mentally reviewing the steps necessary to come to your basic snowplow stop , reviewing as he would study for a test , wanting to pass , knowing he was still pretty new at this and annmarie was n't , and he somehow did n't think she would be so apt to come across if he ended up looking like frosty the snowman his first day off the beginners ' slopes ; he did n't mind looking a little inexperienced as long as he did n't look downright stupid , so there he had been , looking stupidly down at his feet instead of where he was going , which was directly at a gnarled old pine with the warning red stripe painted on its bark , and the only sounds were the wind in his ears and the snow sliding dryly under his skis , and they were the same soothing hush - a - bye sound : shhhhhh ...
pines and spruces , their blue - gray branches heavy with snow , are blurring past less than three yards from him .
now he can see the tree he 'll hit , a big , hoary old pine .
now he can see the big , hoary old pine .
he can see a red swatch of paint around the pine 's gnarly trunk ... and then it begins to flake and split .
now she saw moss harlingen behind a fallen pine , notching his father in the sight of his .30-.30 and murmuring not you , em , not tonight .
' sounded like a pine , ' moss said .
15 wednesday , august 10th : in spite of his tiredness , his confusion , his inability to stop playing hamlet , and -worst of all c the persistent feeling that things in haven were going wronger all the time , jim gardener had managed the booze pretty well since the day bobbi had come back and they had lain together on the fragrant pine needles .
she turned and looked back , her made - up face a dull mask in the morning light angling through the old pines and spruces which surrounded this place .
gardener stood , gape - jawed , looking at the blue maine sky and the fringe of pines and spruces and maples around the trench .
the pines were a true , clear green , and only the fact that he could n't feel any breeze or smell the woods worked against the persuasive illusion of looking through an open window .
he felt his hand slipping down the rough bark of the pine .
he heard dull thudding noises , like fat knots of pine exploding in a fireplace , looked , saw pumpkins and gourds exploding like pine knots in a fireplace .
the smoke - detector flipped onto its side and missed a small pine tree by inches .
somewhere far away , in some still meadow of night or along some pine - edged corridor of forest , a dog barked furiously and then fell silent .
in the east , just above the faint fuzz that marked a belt of pines at the end of the east pasture , he could see the sun .
there was a forest growing in tad 's closet - old pines and spruces , ancient hardwoods .
3 and the dusty pines beyond .
the moonlight gently cast silver rays on the surrounding trees and over the rugged hillside , which was crowded with spruce , cedar , firs and a dozen or more different pine species .
01 : initiation the tower , which was not supposed to be there , plunges into the earth in a place just before the black pine forest begins to give way to swamp and then the reeds and wind - gnarled trees of the marsh flats .
the size of the welcoming pines shows the age of the building and the amenities that can be expected inside .
louie and pearl alighted in the top of a tall pine tree and listened again .
there was a single pine tree breaking out from the snowy blanket that shared the shelf with him .
first with christmas lights , twenty or thirty tiny bulbs snaked round a pine , bright echoes off fire - resistant baubles and ( probably toxic ) glitter balls .
the spry old coot tackled him in the field and they wrestled for what seemed like hours , sparkys children watching from the shade of the tall pine tree on the hilltop .
thanksgiving was next week , but i d always preferred christmas and felt a familiar nostalgic twinge gazing up at the towering pine tree .
janet and i found a shady spot between two pines , laid our beach towels on a bed of pine needles and plunked down .
i pointed at two tall pines spaced about ten feet apart .
we walked over to the fatter of the two pine trees and stood holding the rope in front of it .
the tall evergreen , pine and maple trees lining the trail were so thick with so many overhanging branches , we instantly were thrust into near darkness .
hints of pine and lavender scented the air , and the carefully landscaped grounds offered seasonal blooms .
distinguishing it , from the mansions to either side , were several tall pines strung with lights .
as he came upon the first glade of trees he scrubbed his speed , and began picking his way carefully between the lodge pole pines .
belter barely looked up , busy as he was sieving off with his fork the pine nuts from a plate of salad and knowing , as he did , that drade was about to enter , having spied his reflection a couple of minutes earlier in the glass of one of the ajar bay windows .
they headed around the side of the house into the front yard , seeking shelter in the shade of a tall pine tree .
i took another sip of joe as the road started fading away and we began our descent down a steep embankment that skirted a large hill lined with pines and poplars .
what i did know is the fog had formed vapors that sat in the upper boughs of the pines and cypresses .
he notices arnolds attention has been arrested by two large hawks circling over pines at the top of the valley and points out to his passenger that there is a pair of binoculars on the dashboard shelf .
that was followed by a huge influx in the 1870s of swabia germans ( editors note : germans from southwestern german , the swabians speak a dialect of german called swabish and came to british columbia in the 1880s to log the vast pine forests ) , including my grandmother , su chow ; my great - grandmother was the chinese personal cook to a stuttgart industrialist before she emigrated here .
he made the last turn , and found a pull off into the long leaf pine woods .
i knew i might have to endure a measure of cold , but it never entered my mind that i might be bored , and even though i have logged 2812 hours sitting high in lodgepole pines , i did nt encounter one dull moment .
lets sway in the tall pines , drink in the forest aroma , feel the tranquility of nature , contemplate the world around us , and chuckle together about the fun times .
at 250 yards , the noise of their approach , sticks breaking and feet scuffing , drifted up into the lodgepole pine where i sat .
we expected him to go all the way , but when we peered over we could see him draped around a small pine tree about a hundred feet up from the bottom .
maybe my neighbors , the chattering pine squirrels , thought i was just another squirrel , and a huge one , as i scrambled down the tree in a state of frenzy .
six rest stops and an eternity later , the small pine trees appeared ahead .
technically though , this area has never been designated a wilderness and protected , but , except for a few new logging roads winding through the mountains , you would not be aware of that fact when you roam through the green , pine - covered expanse .
a tree had recently fallen across the sleeping area and two huge mounds of pinecones occupied the cooking area , thanks to the ever - present pine squirrels , but other than that , the area was about the same as when i had left last year .
gliding slowly and discreetly in my forest camouflage , i cussed under my breadth at the constant chattering and scolding of the pine squirrels as they betrayed my presence , squirrel to squirrel to squirrel , as i moved along the track .
lodgepole pines by nature are tall , straight , and without limbs for at least the first 20 - 25 feet .
thirty minutes and thirty pine squirrels later , i found them shivering in the shadows under the logs , peering out at the opening .
only a million pine squirrels .
the woods continued crunchy and loud , and a million pine squirrels frustrated us by giving warning to everything within earshot .
turn around bitch i got a use for you besides , you ai nt got nothin better to do and i m bored its so easy , guns n roses on a wooden park bench , commanding a panoramic view spanning the blue vastness of the pacific ocean and the shoreline up to torrey pines , stood a healthy four - year - old seagull .
he brought up the idea during the sixth hole of the torrey pines north course , a downhill par three with an unbeatable view of the pacific .
and so we spent two days just rambling to nowhere , in mountain passes and on logging roads the rv was unsuited for , over the lava plains of idaho , through dense pine forests smelling wild and sharp and clean .
i only recognize pecan , oak , pine , hackberry and a few others .
not a whole lot of those around except for pine .
the convoy meandered away from the museum area and disappeared into the surrounding pine forest .
pine trees sharp against a featureless sky .
the smell of the air from the countryside began to change from grass to pines , and when it seemed like they had been driving for an hour white felt would explode if he did not pipe up one more time .
she elbowed him in his stomach , which was like hitting a pine tree , but which nonetheless caused him to let her climb off his lap like a kid who 'd been playing with her father .
aspen rose majestically about the shore and pine stood stately and proud while hemlock bowed gracefully at the water 's edge .
macklin glanced about nervously as they weaved their way through a maze of spruce , pine , and maple trees .
for the first 100 m the island sheltered us from the worst of the wind and its consequences but i detected an ominous whistling gaining shrillness from the wind in the retreating islands tall standing pines .
when vena had swatted him , he had sailed headfirst into giant mutant pine tree .
what about superkid 's fight with the giant pine tree when vena swatted him away ?
green grass , chopped spinach , willow bark , juniper , pine nuts and granola . ''
but the tracks had now buckled beyond repair and become choked with grass and miniature pine trees .
there are n't many secluded spots around lake muskosaurus , but they found one eventually and drifted inshore , under the shade of a deceased pine tree .
then the sweethearts got into the canoe and paddled away to the canadian rockies where they set up housekeeping in a log cabin and lived happily ever after singing love songs among the pines and helping old people cross the streets in banff .
in her 71 years on earth she has stuffed and cooked 55 christmas turkeys , baked hundreds of pies , turned out thousands of shortbread cookies and hoisted enough pine trees in her living room to reforest the amazon .
on some mornings as he walked through the mist to school , dean wished that a squadron of bears would gallop down from the pine ridges and besiege his house or that space aliens would land and reveal his true identity as an interstellar explorer , the lost member of a sleeper cell from proxima centauri whose memories were locked in his dna .
if he grabbed a fistful of dirt or pine needles from the ground he could perform shatner # 3 : throw stuff in eyes .
a cool breeze and fragrance of pines filled the car .
he towered over the swirling crowd of teenagers like a redwood in a forest of pines , and coincidentally , with skin just as bark - like .
a tall , lanky pine tree from a neighboring home was bald and red except for the very triangle tip .
he looked at the forest of pines , the thick snow , the ice - covered river .
sara pines away .
and just this very afternoon not only did mrs . billings appear to be counting needles on the pines she practically ran by our door like a terror - stricken rabbit , straight to her accursed cousin 's house .
the pines on the mountain exploded into kindling , and only a few forward - thinking dwarves gathered up the splinters for an alternate fuel source .
i laid down on my back and stared upwards through the overhanging pines and turned my mind off as best i could and just continued to feel .
birch , oak , pine , and redwood were all present , as were many others .
as the cool breeze brought smells of pine and oak to him , paddington removed his jacket , undid every second button on his shirt , and threw his shoes and socks into the back of his car .
the yellow sports car weaved back and forth along the folded slopes packed with pine and quaking aspen trees .
through the window box filled with mothers herbs , i can see my grown daughter hiding on the little hill behind the pine tree i gave mom when i was ten .
an owl flaps soundlessly from a palm to a pine , gazes down at me and hoots , sending shivers down my spine .
charles heads off one way , down the hills through the chaparral and scattered pines .
it was a beautiful day , the thursday before the memorial day weekend , and glimpses of the waska river flowing serenely under tower - ing pines were truly lovely .
after the city streets she passed through an industrial zone with factories and warehouses , followed by an urban sprawl zone of middle - class houses for a few more miles , and then it was open country with dairy farms bounded by thick pine forest and rolling hills .
the branches of pine trees both on their lot and across the lake that had been out of the wind hung with pure white snow so heavy it made the trees look more like columns than cones .
the shadows on the mountain were blue where snow lay and purplish - green where the green boughs of pines were exposed .
the pines had all lost their burden of snow and gleamed green in the sun and purplish green in the shadows .
at first the lights from the homes of country folk and the dairy farms suggesting a cheerful and cozy homeyness comforted him , but when no cars passed and they drove through stretches of thick pine forest he marveled at how dark the world was outside of the city , an effect that was even more emphatic when the quarter moon was hidden behind fast - moving clouds .
they drove another quarter of a mile past mixed pine and deciduous woods before again darren slowed down .
finally he muttered , there it is , and making a quick left turn he went across the road into a little clearing in the woods and then drove the car behind a thick clump of small pines .
presently they could see the shadowy form of the cottage ahead of them and glimpse the silvery lake through the aromatic pines .
it was a rainy day , a good day for fishing , and a good day for hiking in the woods , which were fragrant with the fresh smells of pine and sassafras brought up by the rain .
in place of the gym we could have ball fields , picnic areas , perhaps a swimming pool that would be clean and healthy for the children who are now swimming in the reeds and moss - filled pine lake , endangering their health in that pollution .
the house they found , set back from the road was shaded by large elm and pine .
pearl greeted them enthusiastically and launched into the childrens treasure hunt that she hoped would not disturb them when the children got close to their house there by the pine grove .
the wind in the pines roared like ocean waves ( danny had heard the ocean waves at the movies ) .
he slept outside that first night close to the fire , his feet almost in it and he d wake up every now and then to look at the stars , stars by the millions that he never saw in the city , and listen again to the half threatening , half soothing roar of the wind in the pines .
here sumac trees grew in abundance along with some spindly pines .
here dead trees looking like spiked telephone poles alternated with scrub pines , poplars and ubiquitous bushes of many kinds .
the air was sweet with the scent of pine and more faintly of spring flowers .
sometimes entangling and thick brush or thicker groves of young pines made the going rough , but following the areas with hardwood trees was easier .
coming over the crest of a hill and seeing farms on both sides of the road , with rich green fields for haying and freshly plowed land for planting , and with the dark pine forest bordering the cultivated land like sentries while a red barn gleaming in the low sun cast a long , long shadow , it was so beautiful that patti gasped .
finally when the cold became permanent and he could only work a few hours in the afternoon when the sun shining through the pines brought a little warmth , he decided that he had to be ready or the work would never get done .
john remembered that in the winter it looked strangely out of place , but now it was stunningly beautiful and mysterious as its rich brown and gray earth tones were complemented by the varying shades of green from pine and poplar and oak , bright in places where shafts of light reached it , darker in shaded areas .
white trees with black patches which ted said were birches shined radiantly while distant clumps of thick pine were a faded bluish - green the color of her favorite sweater .
he asked , pointing to a thick pine over six feet tall .
ten september a light rain had begun to fall when the clockmaker arrived at the village of k. the feel of it and the heightened scent of the pine trees helped him see the beauty of the scene in his mind , although oft - times the beauty he imagined exceeded the reality .
old logging trucks used to grunt under the loads of thick pine trees carried to the paper mills , trucks that carried stock to the auction or the slaughterhouse , clean - looking trucks scratched by all the antique junk that brought such high prices in charleston and huntington .
we head out of the bay , past rocky cliffs speckled with birch and pine trees , into the open water .
the long driveway winds around to reveal it , nestled in among the pines .
for a tree , we trek out into the woods behind the cabin and find a pine that has blown over .
mineral water dripped endlessly through it , clearing the air with a scent of snow and pine .
the pine trees seemed much larger than in daylight , their blue arms cast swaying indigo shadows .
the frost and warmth release pine scent .
finding none , i inspected the well - decorated pine , only to discover that it had no electric lights , but instead , each branch held a small , cupped candle .
especially after the summer when squirrels had played in the green branches , hopping from tree to tree while flocks of chattering blue jays and sparrows flitted back and forth from the douglas firs to the conifers and the majestic silver - tip pines .
the four houses that made up our isolated neighborhood were far apart , scattered in a forest of pines and douglas firs above a steep gully .
somewhere along the path , sitting on a cool outcropping eating cheese and chocolate or after breaking out of a stand of pines into a bush - pocked lea , they would have one of their discussions .
she was running along the lane that passed through a twelve acre stand of red pines , then , ran alongside a field of timothy and another field of corn , to the hay barn that stood across the dirt road from the main house of the chimneys .
making these exotic members of the primrose family look plebian was an arrangement that held several orange and blue crane - shaped blooms of a bird of paradise , the ripening red pine cone - like bracts of a ginger blossom and some type of purple orchid she did nt recognize .
he watched until the thin red line of the sun shot its way through the buffer of the scrub pines .
yet , even when i think that , there is a part of me that s trying to figure out what to do with those black pines that are sick out there .
the japanese black pines , which had been planted all along the rhode island coast , were dying .
in the same way as the blight which had destroyed the american chestnut trees at the turn of the century and the dutch elm disease which had killed millions and millions of trees in the 1950s and 1960s , an incurable disease was wiping out the long - needled , fantastically twisted pines .
bett smiled as she remembered ellen saying that she liked black pines because they did as they pleased .
it wanted to do what greg had suggested she do to the pines .
i feel myself drifting to the more interpretable scene of unending acres of scrub pine , a landscape which make my surroundings look more like georgia , where i learned the arcane craft of killing strangers from a distance , than rhode island .
a block from home , mike stops under a japanese black pine , one of the few that has survived a blight , reverses his cane and uses its curved handle to drive a half - dozen pine cones toward the salt marsh .
barbara could see the rugged shores of georgian bay with its brownish rocks , pine trees , and yachts sailing nearby .
in the forest , a few struggling dark green pines stand out in stark contrast against the tall bare hardwood trees .
there were tall pine trees all around .
i took the long way around the school under the giant pine trees .
that s another thing i really like about the pacific northwest , it has the most gorgeous tall pine and cedar forests .
there were more giant pine trees all around .
the big dark wet pine trees were all around it and the only light came from the pool itself , casting bluegreen shadows up into the wet boughs of the trees .
on the edge of the headlights beam i could see pines .
i always relished a ripe , earthy scent of pine ; it mixed pleasurably with all other fragrances in nature .
between the perfumed winds of pine and cedar , i detected another odor that registered as foreign .
i crouched down beside a pine trees rotted stump and surveyed the area .
white birch and pine trees competed for space on inclines , foraging a pathway to deeper pockets of unblemished vegetation .
do you remember the line of cedar and pine trees bordering ol man youngs farmyard ?
most of the trees deciduous leaves had nt fully emerged , revealing acres of naked pine and birch that looked like marble columns among the darker varieties of spruce .
i run a text - based program called pine through windows 3.1 .
there , she said and nodded to a distant pine .
she ducked beneath the lowest branch and pulled me inside the sanctuary of the thousand - year - old pine .
stanly had already taken the hatchet and was working through the trunk of a slender pine tree that had fallen over .
they wandered through the pines until they found the perfect tree .
large sections had decayed , slabs of flesh left to rot on the bone , and the pines beyond pushed their ruffled limbs into the gaps like thieves reaching for the lock through a broken window .
deeper through the pines was the trailer park 's namesake , a ravine torn in the earth like a broken seam .
when he could no longer bear to watch her blood running in the radial crack he too left the truck and wandered towards the screen , towards christopher lee 's colorless face and scarlet lips , onward into the mouth of the woods where the deathless pines stirred .
sunrise red light crested beyond the pines , spilling down on the park .
rain tumbled through the furled pines above .
the whole gang would waste away the sunny summer hours out here in the woods , climbing trees , throwing rocks across the gorge , running half - naked between the pines .
his headlights poured out on the alien pavement , on the dirt of the shallow embankment , on the shaggy rust - red pine boughs hanging in the muggy darkness .
the pine trees were shuffling in an invisible wind , animated to a slow thrashing anger .
the bitch returned to the woods , deep into the forest where the thick pines let in no more than a few drops of pale sunshine to the needled floor .
he is to thought as water and soil are to the giant white pine tree that grows to dizzying heights , without which it wilts and dies .
she leaned it against a graying pine to her left , butand to this day she does nt not know what made her : it was as if the tree had objectedimmediately unleaned it , looking up into a branchy frown .
that s right , that s exactly how it felt , as if the pine in his front yard had reached out with long , invisible branches and caught him before he lost his gravity - less bearings altogether , and perhaps would never have found his way back .
the tall pine tree on his front lawn , through fragrance , seemed to extend physically halfway down the block .
to harry is was as if it cast a tangible shadow of pine across the air .
same as his pine tree , as tall , as piney , as barky as always , yet emitting an ever radiating aura which made harry think of evaporation : if it kept this up much longer , it would dissolve , should vanish .
: harrys pine was a ponderosa who stood seventy some feet tall while still in its early teens as ponderosas go .
everything from the first seed , millions of years ago , that held this very tree in its heart , this very pine , and it was generally held by pines , or other trees for that matter , the world over that immobility was a small price to pay for this memory .
everything from the first seed , millions of years ago , that held this very tree in its heart , this very pine , and it was generally held by pines , or other trees for that matter , the world over that immobility was a small price to pay for this memory .
harrys pine did nt think of itself as harrys pine , of course , and when it thought of harrywhich it did from time to timeit thought of him as his human .
felt protective of him , as do most pines of whomever they adopt .
they can in fact taste a littleraindrops falling on their pines , for example , have a certain taste to them , while the water drawn by their roots has a different flavor .
within reasonreason as defined by trees of courseany tree ( and pine trees were especially good at it ) can reach out and permeatebeanother living thing , sensing their internal as well as external universes .
a birch ( or beriosa as they have named themselves in a tribute to russia , the home of more birches than anywhere else ) as a rulethough no one can say with any degree of certainty , not even the bristlecone pine ( who may know but chooses not to ) , where or when this rule was enactedcan touch and be anything within a radius of two times two its own height .
the average ponderosa pine can reach as far as a mile .
the tall canary island pine three houses down , however , can reach about three miles ( a fact it is very proud of , and rarely withholds ) ; and it is said that the bristlecone can reach from the eastern sierras all the way west to the coast , though it prefers to stay put and just be air .
it was a strange thing , this storm , and harrys pine spent not a little of its time pondering it ( as did many trees ) , remembering timesoh , they were very long ago , those times , shadowy times they were , before the pine was pine evenwhen the storm was less intense .
it was a strange thing , this storm , and harrys pine spent not a little of its time pondering it ( as did many trees ) , remembering timesoh , they were very long ago , those times , shadowy times they were , before the pine was pine evenwhen the storm was less intense .
the pine withdrew and thought of other things for a while , say temperature , or moisture , or whether all pines were the same one pine , or were truly individual , one pine to the next .
the pine withdrew and thought of other things for a while , say temperature , or moisture , or whether all pines were the same one pine , or were truly individual , one pine to the next .
the pine withdrew and thought of other things for a while , say temperature , or moisture , or whether all pines were the same one pine , or were truly individual , one pine to the next .
the pine withdrew and thought of other things for a while , say temperature , or moisture , or whether all pines were the same one pine , or were truly individual , one pine to the next .
five weeks among the pines and clear sky , plenty of books to try to read and long trails to exhaust you .
no scents other than pine and water and rock and sky .
and a stream of fragrance , above all from his pine , which seemed twice as substantial for its vivid thereness : harry had to stop , turn to it and look .
no lights were on in harrys house ; the wind was playing in his pine , who seemed , for all its size , a little bemused .
all harrys pine could see , all he could be , was the he given the choice , and this he now pondered his two options .
looking back upon itfor the tenth , hundredth , perhaps thousandth time ; for he liked to ponder this eventharrys pine again saw that the choice , at its core , consisted of this : animal or plant ?
: harrys pine has been grateful for many generations .
: : 61 : : harman - karman gave harrys house another glance , looked again at harrys pine , then up at the sky , as if searching for something .
you re lucky , said the canary island pine next door , a tall , arrogant fellow .
to which the tall pine said nothing she s right , said the elm .
well , keep it down then , said the pine .
you like that word , said the pine .
to which the pine said nothing , to his own , the junipers , and the elms surprise .
then he said , to the pine .
the pine , who at heart was a nice fellow , and someone who could not hold a grudge for much longer than a breath , was very proud of his long reach , and would never pass up an opportunity to talk about it .
miles , said the pine .
three , said the pine .
asked the canary island pine .
: : 64 : : he is sitting down now , said the canary island pine , who was the only one with long enough reach to be ( and so perceive ) harman - karman at that distance .
the tall pine did nt answer for a while .
because , said the pine .
he does nt have any plans to , said the pine .
they seem to enjoy it though , said the pine whose two charges were going at it like rabbits in their basement , and there was no mistaking their partiality to the activity .
the canary island pine fell silent again , you could almost hear him reachthough it was more like spreading himselfdown the street and across the many back yards and pools and lawns all the way to where harman - karman still sat , back against the still reluctant oak , staring up over the dark rim of the hedge and into the night sky , not wondering about the stars at all , although they were quite bright and seemed quietly amused by the spectacle on planet earth below .
unresolved , said the canary island pine .
asked harrys pine .
because he s a pine , said the juniper .
the other pines a pine , said the elm .
the other pines a pine , said the elm .
i ve thought about that , said the other ( harrys ) pine .
i bet there are things you do better than say our fellow tall pine here .
i would nt know about that , said the tall pine , who did nt like the implications of this ; he knew he was the tallest , the farthest reaching , the ablest of all tress on the street .
not so very well , the taller pine had to admit .
how about you , harrys pine asked the elm .
harry wanted to know from the tall pine .
i can be things and people for nearly five miles , said the tall pine , lest they forget , exaggerating just a little .
still mulling things over , said the tall pine .
yes , said the tall pine .
asked harrys pine of no one in particular .
he s a relative of mine , said the canary island pine .
no , answered harrys pine , i mean the coasts .
not much to scent up there , said the tall pine .
the tall pine though about that for a while , and then another while , and then another while , and then he said , yes .
the canary island pine did nt answer , and did nt answer .
the tall pine , intent on his observations , either did nt hear or outright ignored her .
but with weight , pine to pine .
but with weight , pine to pine .
yes it is , said the tall pine .
then to the tall pine , what s he doing now ?
once they hear , they know , said the tall pine .
asked the juniper of harrys pine .
then the tall pine fell quiet .
yes , said the canary island pine .
wondered harrys pine .
she s right though , said the canary island pine .
they re moving again , said the canary island pine .
i ca nt tell , said the canary island pine .
still running , said the canary island pine .
no , she is hurt , corrected harrys pine .
i think we can all see for ourselves , said the canary island pine , as diplomatically as possible .
not in any ultimate sense , answered harrys pine .
if it were any business of ours , said the canary island pine .
to which harrys pine said nothing .
mine never write anything , said the canary island pine .
a large forest , pines for the most part , though sufficiently deciduous to sing .
: : 83 : : harrys pine did his ancient best to fill his human .
but his screens held , and now they held a little longer with the scent of pine in the air .
not surprising to his pine , for he had yet to see a human succeed , to see a human stand up to the waters once they rose and pried and squeezed through even the tiniest chink in the best willed armor .
and again harrys pine was very happy about the ur - choice made so many many pine generations ago , made a minute or so after the very dawn of time : to decline the offer of sex .
still , harrys pine tried again to relieve the pressure , but harry was in the tunnel now , laboring away and now headed for another small explosion and another convincing piece of evidence that he was not strong enough .
down the street a juniper and an elm were having a discussion with a canary island pine about their humanout hunting .
though harry thought he heard the rustle of leaves , or the wind in his pine , but it must have been memoryor hopefor the stillness , now that he listened , was rustle - free .
though the question was meant for harrys pine , it was the canary island pine who set out to answer , but the juniper who got there first : they re happy because they have discovered each other , she said , inexplicably proud , somehow , to have hit upon something , without really thinking at allfor she rarely thought before she spokethat in the saying suddenly appeared so very true that the air seemed to vibrate .
though the question was meant for harrys pine , it was the canary island pine who set out to answer , but the juniper who got there first : they re happy because they have discovered each other , she said , inexplicably proud , somehow , to have hit upon something , without really thinking at allfor she rarely thought before she spokethat in the saying suddenly appeared so very true that the air seemed to vibrate .
my thoughts exactly , said the canary island pine .
harrys pine embraced him , making sure he had truly left , then returned to his task of rousing harry .
there s no shielding them from fire , said the canary island pine .
there are people coming , said the canary island pine .
yes , they are here to extinguish the fire , said the canary island pine .
he is , confirmed harrys pine .
: : 125 : : harrys pine reached and filled his human .
yet , harrys pine suffered to see such suffering , and reached and filled his grieving human to at leastas these humans liked to call ittake the edge off .
which is when harrys pine did something he for one did not know himself capable of , and for two had never even considered tryingit was , by long standing code , if not forbidden , then at least unheard of : he turned harry into tree .
turning , looking at his pine , his towering pine which indeed wasthis was a certainty which breathed its own airlooking back at him .
turning , looking at his pine , his towering pine which indeed wasthis was a certainty which breathed its own airlooking back at him .
harrys pine made a noise that may have been a name , that may have been a warning , and from the same direction came this same other voice : sorry .
harry turned to face his pine again .
said harrys pine , doing the honors .
i am not sure myself , said his pine .
assuredly , said the pine .
his pine , the tall ponderosa in his front yard had spoken to him , by name .
said harry , and harrys pine seemed to know just precisely what he meant .
that s what s so perplexing , said his pine .
i do exist , said his pine .
a little too loudly , perhaps , for his pine said , yes , at times there s not much explaining needed .
its a tree thing , confirmed his pine .
for us , it does nt , said his pine .
could his pine hear this ?
could his pine tell he was wondering precisely that ?
yes , to both , said his pine , but only because i m paying attention .
that s a long story , said his pine .
and so harrys pinewith a detail here and there offered by harman - karmans juniper and elm ( which harrys pine did nt seem to object to ) , and even the occasional nod in agreement by the tall one , the canary island pine down the blockrelated what all trees at heart knew ( and which , strangely , struck harry more as a reminder than a telling ) about original choice .
: : 144 : : harry wondered if his pine could hear this , had heard all she had told him , though something told him that he couldntand strange that he should think of him as he .
your pine ?
my pine said that , said harry .
a pine said that , she said .
the bristlecone pinewho did nt think of itself as a bristlecone pine , who did nt even think of itself as self , it simply waswas as surprised as harrys pine at the exchange with the human ; as surprised as harry himself , indeed as surprised has he d ever been at anything , and sensing that distant and unexpected exchange it knew with a certainty that indeed breathed its own air , that indeed was its own breathing , that things were finally changing .
basking thus in the morningnow heaving itself across the rim of distant eastern earththe bristlecone pine gave it some thought .
his friend is with him , said the canary island pine , which , for once , did not incur a juniper comment about listening in .
asked the elm , mostly of harrys pine .
perhaps , said the juniper , in a flash of inspiration which took the others by surprise , especially harrys pine , perhaps we can share our own .
he looked around , as if expecting his pine to stand next to him , but there was no pine there , just the soft rustle of juniper leaves ; and for the terrible screams she had just chased away , and for the terrible pain on harman - karmans face at the memory , now gone , too , harry had to smile , for these were wonderful things , these trees .
he looked around , as if expecting his pine to stand next to him , but there was no pine there , just the soft rustle of juniper leaves ; and for the terrible screams she had just chased away , and for the terrible pain on harman - karmans face at the memory , now gone , too , harry had to smile , for these were wonderful things , these trees .
harry vibrated with his pines approval of the young juniper .
: many moments later , when harman - karman had fallen into deep , dream - less sleep , traces of a smile still lingering on his face , as if refusing to come back inside no matter how many times his mother called , harrys pine said to the juniper : that was a beautiful thing you did .
the distant thing that caught the ear of harrys pine .
and so , measure by measure , the melody arrived , clearer with each reverberation , ancient history calling , a voice that belonged not only to the distant mountains but to the stars , and it called for him , harrys pine , in particular , called him by name ( not harrys pine , of course , no , called him by his real name ) , and bade him to listen .
and so , measure by measure , the melody arrived , clearer with each reverberation , ancient history calling , a voice that belonged not only to the distant mountains but to the stars , and it called for him , harrys pine , in particular , called him by name ( not harrys pine , of course , no , called him by his real name ) , and bade him to listen .
and listen he did : i see the outline of tree in him , said inevar , holding clearly for harrys pine to see a reflection of harry .
i will await him , said inevar , who then faded away so silently that harrys pine wondered if he had heard anything at all .
looking back he now knew that his pine had caught him at his second ascension all these years ago , so he would not float away .
for that had been the pine doing , he knew that now .
and it was the pine who had pulled harry out of the storm and down here to in turn pull harman - karman out of the house , was it not ?
and later , after coming back from the hospital , after coming home from leaving harman - karman there , from knowing what a terrible fate had met his friend , did nt he then , did nt his pine ?
my pine .
your pine .
how is a pine different from a juniper ?
the second time , said harry , again remembering , it was the pine that saved me .
a huge pine tree stood in the front yards , all washed had sparkly too from the rain .
that s your pine , she said , looking up as they passed again , slower this time .
it was a big blessing , more of a blessing than lara had ever heard of , except harrys pine , and her glade .
she wanted to sleep to the wind in the trees , to the smell of pine , and the whisper of tiny waves licking the shore , barely hearable though much noticed in its absence .
: harrys pine stood to attention when the bristlecone sang .
which did make sense to harrys pine .
i am going to ask my pine .
before i do anything else , i m going to ask my pine , he said .
no , not leaves at all , pines .
: which was the moment harrys pine chose to communicate ( and with such depth that vixer startled from the vibrationsensing something not sure from where ) : we have filled them , he said to harry .
my pine , he told her .
then , to the pine , you said we ?
harry asked his pine .
i am not sure , said the pine .
and if his pine suggested it , it was for a reason .
and harry , said the pine .
as he again approached his car , the pine said : good luck to you harry .
the pine did not answer , but seemed to smile , and to urge him on : speed was now of the essence .
then looked up at his pine .
the pine returned the glance .
that s what my pine said .
but for his pine and the three other trees .
i have heard about the bristlecone pine , but i ca nt put my finger on what it was .
my pine said he would meet us there .
probably the same way my pine meets me .
: for the one whose memories would have caught the falling harman - karman was not paying attention right now , was looking in another direction right now , was wondering if possibly , just like harrys pine had done with harry , was wondering if he could possibly teach her , so that she could not only fill harman - karman with memory , but contact him , the fallen , the almost tree - like one .
and so , again , wanting to know from the old pine , how did you do it ?
because , said the old pine , suddenly hitting on it .
yes , said the pine .
as deeply , harrys pine would venture , as he cared about harry .
and for the second time harrys pine was utterly taken aback by the young trees down the street .
the elm again astounding the pine .
my thought , exactly , said the pine .
i think you are right , that is how we talk , said the pine .
then , after a brief pause , perhaps the pine knows .
and neither does the pine , although he did it first .
there is , sang the bristlecone , a place called big pine .
big pine , she said to harry .
: big pine was not much of a town , if even that .
seven in a row , and the eight , off to the side and up a small incline to in among pines that in effect formed an arbor : harry froze .
the air was thick with pine , and lara felt a pleasant twinge of recognition as she thought of her glade .
burn the forests , burn the shielders and protectors , burn every pine and every bristlecone on every mountain if it comes to that .
the largest population of bristlecone pines in the world , said sharid .
and heres a bristlecone pine around here asking us to study our elders .
she heard the soft wind in the trees outside , whispering among the sentinelsshe already thought of the grove of tall pines that surrounded the cottage as her sentinels as well .
when harry still said nothing , the bristlecone pine said : yes .
: : 189 : : yes , said the bristlecone pine .
: : 196 : : gabriel was approaching big pine from the north .
his own men had searched big pine once ; sharids hired hands a second time .
it was nt that gabriel did not believe the reports , but that what wasntbut should have beenswiss in gabriel could not reconcile this with the logic that this should be the placeif anywhere they d be ; if , as sharid had told him , they were intent on visiting bristlecone pines ; which , though it did nt seem entirely rational to him , was what sharid had said , twice .
and if , as sharid had pointed out on the map , the white mountains , just a few miles to the east of pig pine , was the home of hundredsif not thousandsof these old trees , then this place , this little hole in the ground coming up now , would be a logical place to stay , to set out from .
the metropolis of big pine .
in lone pine nowand what was with these pine names anyway ?
there were seven cabins up in big pine .
big pine , he said .
big pine .
so , on their way up from lone pine they had stopped by a gas station and bought and filled three five - gallon spare tanks with gasoline , plenty for the job ; though it left such obvious traces .
on the outskirts of big pine they also stopped by a local market to pick up a small stack of rags .
then looked behind him at the many tall pines that were bending slightly toward the north - west obeying wind .
: : 215 : : ordinarily , blackburn small would not have taken kindly to being disturbed about an out - of - county fire , but this was extraordinary : four simultaneous fires , each about a mile of the other , all east of big pine in the foothills of the white mountains .
lots of bristlecone pine .
for as the los angeles fire department cessna 400 touched down on a small airstrip just south of big pine the local fire guys had already found him , and fueled up , a jeep cherokee .
it is worth noting that the bristlecone pine is rich in resin .
: the wood of a bristlecone pine is very dense , and very resinouswith a sharp nose you can smell the tar , even from a distanceand by these virtues resistant to invasion by insects , fungi , and other potential pests .
the mature bristlecone pine is not all alive as we understand it .
the outside air was warm , thick with pine and anguish .
if there were any such thing as nutritious fire - candy , bristlecone pines were it .
as i am , closer to truth than pines and cones .
the pine said you went to visit the ancient bristlecone .
: : 244 : : it is said that when harry and lara realized that they were free to leave , they turned and looked at inevar , the bristlecone pine , then back out over the peaks and valleys of the white mountains , at the shore of charred tree that ringed them a little father down ; they then raised their eyes to the stars for a very long time before they looked back at inevar , bowed to him in gratitude , and took their leave .
melissa , who had only heard of bristlecone pines fleetingly - she could n't remember where , though she tried to - borrowed her daughter 's mortimer and did some research , from which she emerged astounded .
the road , as it happened , was well marked , and soon they were serpentining up the broad mountain side of the white mountains , home of the world 's largest congregation of bristlecone pine .
then there was only the wind again , light - carrying toucher of cheek and stirrer of hair , rustler of pine , waker of brushwood .
the bristlecone pine told me as much , and ananda just put it succinctly : i need to marry science , philosophy , and religion .
tomten the chill of midwinters night is hard the stars glitter and gleam all are asleep on the distant farm deeply at midnights hour the moon travels his silent path the snow lies white on pine and spruce the snow lies white on the roofs only tomten is awake does it make any sense ?
it does nt get any easier there he stands all gray by the door to the barn gray against the white drifts of snow and looks , like so many winters before up towards the disk of the moon then he looks to the forest , where pine and spruce encircle the farm with its somber wall and ponders , without much luck an old , strange riddle dunkla should really be dark , she said .
midvinternattens kld r hrd stjrnorna gnistra och glimma alla sova i enslig grd gott intill morgontimma mnen snker sin tysta ban snn lyser vit p fur och gran snn lyser vit p taken endast tomten r vaken the frost of the midwinters night is hard the stars glitter and gleam all are asleep on the distant farm deep till the morning hour the moon sinks in his silent path the snow glows white on pine and spruce the snow glows white upon the roofs only tomten is awake again , her eyes glistened as she closed the book .
and the grass and the pines and even the moonlight is fragrant .
moved soundlessly and quickly over hills and around lakes , through woods and marsh and field , to arriveafter what could have been hours but was most likely only a matter of minutesat a steep , foreboding mountain , bearded with pine and moon shadow .
i followed her gaze , up the slopes , through the climbing pines and onto the bald peaks , green and brown and sometimes black and gray where the rock poked through .
it had lasted only two years because one girl prettier and more buxom than all the rest made even the most whiskerless wisp of a man pine for her and sowed jealousy amongst them , and there had not been one aspiring aesthete among them suited for hoeing in the fields anyway , and no one liked hoeing in the fields half so much as they liked the idea of hoeing , and all the buildings they designed and built from scratch leaned sideways so badly that even the nearby mennonites and amish could n't fix them , save for one grand mansion at the far north end of the acres that they shored up for the aesthetes purely out of pity .
pine trees !
you know , when i was a kid , my parents took us to the ancient bristlecone pine forest , up in the sierra nevada mountains .
but those bristlecone pines .
5988 forest pine , suite 309 , vancouver .
we reemerge in the somber half - light of snow heavy pine forests and a frigid gray - iced lake .
its a corridor of white snow through tall pine , but the treeline is not cut parallel ; its gradually v - shaped , with a thin black line running up the middle .
snow falls over the pines on mashipan 's ledge of the world .
in contrast , the macdonald park and napier congregations had a brand - new kingdom hallaunt madge said the witnesses had built it in one weekendthat sat on a grassy open lot with manicured landscaping , pine trees , and a sizeable paved parking area .
he only pines for what used to be .
the towering pines loom large in false light and the arms of the trees thrash wildly in a fierce animating wind .
he reaches the trees before he collapses against the pines .
when he neared the end of the driveway , he saw a blonde head behind a pine tree , slipping from one tree to the next .
a horrible scratching sound right next to him terrified him but it turned out to be a squirrel scrabbling up the trunk of a pine tree , adrenaline surged into his veins and boosted his speed still further .
@ chacuti was forced to stand and watch as the crowd gathered anything combustible ; leaves , branches , twigs , dried pine - needles , dead heather and heaped them against the tree .
~ ~ ~ saturday , september 4 james and i drive to the outskirts of the ole miss marijuana plantation , park the car about a hundred yards away and follow a barely - worn path through underbrush and bushes to a clearing with a vista of a stand of pines behind a chain - link fence .
you mean , behind those pines ?
those are nt pines , man .
we stop , staring up through the pines into a blackness filling with white .
the air is cool , the humidity low , the sunlight pure through a morning of pines and locusts .
campground road , when i finally reached it , was impassable , pines strewn everywhere .
he took several steps into the tree tunnel and sat on a mossy rock aside a miniature stream , pines looming high over their heads .
light was filtering slowly through the haze that had not yet disappeared from among the pines , and he resumed his vigil , peering intently through the trees broken branches .
colling had begun to wonder whether the man knew where he was going when kwonowski suddenly pointed to two pines that seemed to be more widely spaced than the others in the forest on the left side of the road .
the men on the second wagon heard him and reacted first , the driver slapping its horse and steering for an opening in the pines .
its at pines academy .
osho , excerpted from ancient music in the pines , chapter 2 and i have felt no head .
she first became aware of the scent of pine , and though she had never smelled this particular fragrance in her current lifetime she instantly knew she was in a siberian cedar forest .
mountains stretched above a forest of glimmering aspen and fragrant pine trees , and a crystal clear stream wound its way through a grassy meadow where fruit trees could be seen in the distance .
as he stepped beyond the mouth of the cave and up onto the land , dylan was shocked to discover that he was in a cedar forest wrapped the delicate scent of pine and the light of the moon overhead .
in the healthier humans , there was reported to be the faint odor of cedar and pine and redwood , while in the general mass , there was said to be nothing but the smell of plywood , particle board and mildew .
) editor , only wing & the wheel press piecework ( 2000 ) wing & the wheel press chin - chin in eden ( 2003 ) still waters press dark on purpose ( 2004 ) little poem press the hole in sleep ( 2006 ) wood works press the agoraphobes pandiculations ( 2006 ) little poem press the lita conversation ( 2006 ) southern hum the chloe poems ( 2007 ) maverick duck press some identity problems ( 2007 ) foothills publishing pictures from lang and fellini ( 2007 ) sheltering pines press grit ( 2008 ) amsterdam press the tense past ( 2010 ) flutter press before the great troubling ( 2010 ) unbound content the heart is open ( 2011 ) right hand pointing to writing you ( 2012 ) the origami poetry project our locust years ( 2013 ) unbound content prose talk : a novel in dialogue ( 2002 ) livingston press we are billion - year - old carbon ( 2005 ) livingston press short story and other short stories ( 2006 ) parallel press following richard brautigan ( chapbook ) ( 2006 ) plan b press publisher ( 2007 ) writers write journal press listen : 29 short conversations ( 2009 ) brown paper publishing the narcoleptic therapist and other stories ( 2010 ) achilles chapbook series the ballad of the two tom mores ( 2010 ) bronx river press following richard brautigan ( full length novel ) ( 2010 livingston press ill give you something to cry about ( 2011 ) queens ferry press gardner remembers ( 2011 ) pocketful of scoundrel diddy - wah - diddy ( 2013 ) ampersand press corey mesler has published in numerous journals and anthologies .
so many here pine for what you have truly seen .
yet nestled among the pines , on the rocky , granite bank of the truckee , the dilapidated little cabin exhibited an unmistakable charm .
phoebe shook off her thoughts and threaded her way down the grassy path that led through the gathering of pines to the stables .
while they headed down the hill and through the stand of pines , helen introduced carol and cassandra .
the bakery was wide , dominated by pine , the smell of fresh loaves , the note of yeast in the moist air .
the ball left with a crack , slowly rising toward the large pine at the point of the dog leg , rising and rising , only nicking the top leaves and landing out of site .
chapter 1 when the oaks were leafless atop the hamlet of east marion , when the winters frost hushed close across the taupe lawns and when the light air rustled only the needles on the peaks of the tallest pines , jon brand rocked the porch swing slow one morning as he stared out to sea .
up ahead , a stout pine tree poked out from a valley cut between two tall dunes .
the pines branches were mangled within one another .
the smell of pine roared into jons nostrils as he passed the wretched tree .
the small pines , few and far between , were already laced with white .
he stared back at the mangled pine tree one last time before he too headed back for the car .
but he could only see the tips of white capped pines and the icy branches of brittle oaks .
intermittent pines poked between the oaks , spreading their long needles into the grasp of the waxy oak leaves to be .
chapter 9 inside new jersey , deep in the pines of lambertville , jon sat across the table in a hole - in - the - wall bar with his woman of the mountains , lauren connors .
an array of colored birds flew from pine to oak to brush to sand and then back up to the clouds .
the echoes of the church bell still resonated through the bare oaksthrough the thin needles of the tall pines .
it was creased in the middle , creating a peak towards the top filled with lush green conifers amounting to a single towering pine dangling roots over the edgeits needles hanging high above the sea .
jon looked up at the pines roots swaying in the wind , as dark clouds swooped in overhead .
he looked back at the eastern cliff and he found that the great pine tree at the peak had vanished .
the pine was right there , he said aloud , pointing to the east , at the top of the cliff that was now bare .
its rays dancing through the needles of the pines lacing the side of the steep hill .
a yellow - blue shine bounced off the windshield before the car disappeared behind the pines on the roadside .
he could see the light green leaves of the oaks and the dark green needles of the pines blending with the bright yellow rays of the sun held in the white and blue sky .
jon watched the neon sign grow small in the sideview mirror until the memory motel faded behind the pines along the roadway and into the past .
he scanned over several pines lining the edge of the woods , fragrancing the house .
he tilted his back and he watched the pines dance in the morning breeze .
jon sniffed at the pine , frowning .
the tall pines on the mountainside swiped up at the moon til the slice sunk slowly into the needles .
he made torches from pitch he gathered from the pine trees .
the hillsides were covered with tall pines .
he lit one of the pine torches , placed the bag in a spot he remembered , and covered it with stones , completely hiding it .
viewed from the water , the yellow wall screamed for attention amid the earthtone background of scrub and pine and made the cabin easy to spot even from a considerable distance .
a breeze rustled the pine branches far overhead .
there was nothing , just an endless profusion of knotty pines , maple and oak trees .
the girl , phillip learned earlier from his uncle , worked second shift as an lpn at the pine haven nursing home .
a noisy band of crows flitted back and forth among the scotch pines that bordered the property .
over by the rock garden a humming bird was flitting back and forth among the scotch pines .
lilly was following a hawk circling the pines on the far side of the highway .
the hawk resurfaced , hovering lower now over a grassy meadow rimmed with maples and pine that bordered the cloverleaf stables .
the road meanders through shaggy pine and drooping old sycamore and slim - fingered willow draped so low it almost touches the mirror - smooth pools of water that dot those hills which are in winter clad pure white and seem almost to have been copied off a painted postcard or a bruegel canvas .
if one dies the other just pines away .
pine trees were everywhere until you got up to a certain point and then it was just bald cold rock .
very green pine trees crept up to its edge .
they could see in the distance the five acre forest of walnut and white pine trees enclosed on all sides by a ten foot deep hedge of tall cedars .
eugene had taken her riding to show her the century forest all those years ago and she still remembered the cathedral of walnut and white pine trees towering above the old cedar windbreaks .
countless high straight walnut trees mixed with enormous white pines were trimmed so high that they looked like cathedral spires .
butterscotch coloured pine needles covered the forest floor , and the only other living things amanda could see were the ferns and mosses that had claimed their own places in the woods .
the spires of the huge white pines thrusting soft green into the blue sky seemed to be a living parthenon .
among the enormous white pines , sugar maples predominated and a network of white plastic lines threaded their way among them , weaving off towards bound groups of drums sitting on palettes , drums slowly filling with sap flowing from the lines .
in the wind in the soft pines and the empty walnut trees , sitting on a stone by the old black pool ; no frog - splash , no rings disappearing , no eyes surfacing to see her as she began to sing .
i speak for the pine , the white and the red and the black and the scotch and the ponderosa .
the road ended on a sandy inlet , a little sweeping bay looking out on a tiny pine covered island a few hundred yards from shore .
i know we grow vast forests of pine in scotland but most of that goes for construction , both at home and at the front .
soon we left the cool shade of the pines and emerged onto the sunny beach .
lodgepole pines crowded the driveway .
it is a long walk , and i have a bit of difficulty in the dark , but ultimately , i manage to find the stand of pines .
i search for a while and can not locate it until i notice something black laying alongside a small patch of bushes at the edge of the pine grove .
i walk for a long while , and finally , i am in the pine grove again , where i lie down gently on the ground .
their sides concealed innumerable caves in canyons , their ridgelines showed dark blue saddles , and there were small brooks and oaks and pines hidden at the top .
and i wondered if the strange modern architecture of our little church -- which inscribed on the desert sky an enormous white a , and formed inside a series of pine as in lockstep -- could beam out a message , and send the communist heart thumping as mine did when my eyes lifted to the apex of that wonderful a ?
a tranquil choir of wind carols in the pines .
quiet soothing pines , content with the plain brown birds pecking underneath their boughs .
near the rock garden , a goldfinch flitted from a scotch pine to the telephone line .
they reached a clearing where the dense pine trees no longer hemmed them in .
the strip of land nestled in a white pine forest crisscrossed with rocky streams and wetlands .
the following day , the brain damaged woman was shipped via ambulance to shady pines rehabilitation center .
bart rested the bike on the kickstand and leaned against a scraggily pine .
i gather the rags and rinse off my hands from a water bottle , trying to wash off the gunk and car smell , and take in the fresh scent of the pines surrounding us .
above the slim silhouettes of the nearby pines , bright stars pierce the silent sky .
so they went on and on , through pine and beech forests , uphill and downhill .
the mirror of cyprianus the counts palace really it was a castle was exposed on the height ; ancient pines and oaks projected with their tops out of the depths ; and over them and the forests and meadows that spread out below the mountain lay the spring sunshine .
the count had not initially concerned himself with the visit ; but the colonel soon showed himself to be a master of the art of hunting , and as the first snow fell , the two men went together into the pine thicket , and from now on one could hear almost daily the roaring of the hounds and the ho ridoh of the hunters through the silent forest .
little wolf stood beside her and watched a flock of birds which were busy with loud cries in the treetops of the pines and oaks that towered up from below .
just listen , how the pines blow in the october wind !
i was alone , trapped within my forested cell under a canopy of pine that reached up into the fog .
a plan enters his head and with it a furtive joy , the prospect of his second illegal act of the evening , this one to be conducted in the citys shadows , in the light of the sinister moon , which he notes out the window , low on the horizon and shredded by the big white pine in the back yard .
the vertical black arrows of the jeffrey pines on the gray slopes looked complacent , eternal , and the craters themselves occupied their posts with complete authority .
here there were only the faint calls of a flock of pinyon jays , tumbling like black confetti over the distant pines .
still , the climb had gone much more slowly than he d planned , and he did end up spending the first night huddled in his sleeping bag on the steep slope , with his feet propped uncomfortably against the base of a jeffrey pine to keep himself from sliding down the hill .
he was stiff and sore , almost incapable of moving , and simply lay still for a long time , staring up into the dark branches of the pine .
a barely discernible trace branched off the main trail to the right and angled down the slope toward the valley , winding its way through a patch of dwarf whitebark pines .
they were shaded by a cluster of the enormous pines whose bark passed along a delicious rumor of pineapple when the sun warmed it .
now that she was here , seated on the knobbly old granite of the mountains and listening to the fluttering and tapping of the unknown western birds that were breakfasting in the pines around her , she felt no impetus to go farther .
just the same sun and wind as yesterday , the same faint tapping of birds foraging in the big pine trees .
it was strung between two large pine trees at the edge of the lawn , and strung so high off the ground that laura had to jump to get into it .
a breeze swayed the pine boughs far above , the bows slightly twisted the pine trunks at their attachment point , the trunks tilted ever so slightly all the way to the ground and moved the hooks that d been screwed into the trunks to hold the hammock , the metal hooks grated against the metal of the grommets at either end of the hammocks cotton cords , the metal grinding against metal made a slight creak as it caused the hammock holding laura to sway ever so slightly .
a cardinal huddled in the rough - hewn nest it d assembled from twigs and pine needles in the fork of the tall camellia outside the kitchen door , the slick calcium shells of the three eggs somehow easing the irritation in its breast muscles , the cold on its back .
the lights in the house were adequate beacon ; and off to the east , beyond the row of tall pines , dawn steadily approached .
stepping further into the woods , james could feel the fallen brown pine needles matted on top of one another .
between the halfway decomposed pine needles and the dirt , he knew there were snails , worms , and other living things , each day growing less and less in strength and number as winter approached .
together they flew to a tall pine tree and watched the eagle first steal a fish from an osprey and then , after he d greedily devoured it , fly down and squabble with some vultures over the rotten carcass of a dead deer .
in the clear blue warmth of the skies and the smell of pinon pines , he was able to relax and recharge .
look up to the right of the pines and you ll see orion , arturo said .
and as the champagne flowed and the dignitaries shook hands and the cameras flashed along its fifteen hundred foot length , just a few blocks away , within the darkened bedroom of a small pink home nestled peacefully under the sleepy shade of ocean pine and sycamore , a couple lay in bed .
melody was a quiet girl from the start , with large , dark eyes like the shade under that ocean pine and sycamore ; pretty eyes that belied a piercing yet humble intelligence ; eyes that reflected the flaming western skies perfectly as her mother held her while sitting on the beach near the newly rebuilt pier , watching the brilliant , squashed orange orb of the sun set over the blue pacific ocean .
he imagined a great forest at twilight , as seen from a high cliffside , his heart delighting at the rich , muted colors : the dome of softening blue sky above , sketched patchy white here and there ; the whisper of green - black pine below as the invisible life within it settled for sleep .
the fresh kiss of early summer greeted her as she passed beyond the invisible barrier : the hint of a cool , late afternoon breeze scented with the smells of a dozen different flowers and spicy pine from the forest under the mountains miles away , along with the comforting odor of burning wood from an unseen fireplace somewhere nearby .
there was the mingling odors of pine and wildflowers , yesnot lilacsa bittersweet lilt to the cool air , which she could feel teasing the hair of her arms , the back of her neck .
they were sitting on branches , among the leaves of the old pine on my uncles farm .
an owl called death in the old pines .
the sky was getting light as he followed the tiny creek for a bit , then turned onto the rolling waves of bare granite , bones of the planet , speckled with moss and scattered with patches of pine .
i can portage in to sparkler or pine lake for a couple of nights and the police can come after me if they want to .
pine lake was lined with pines , giving it a gloomy aspect , and a sense of many mysteries .
he knew he had to pass to the left of the old leaning oak and then just to the right of a storm - blasted pine .
at the top of the crest between sparkler lake and pine lake he came out of the woods onto an open area of pink granite and moss , with small pines and little twisted oaks scattered rather decoratively around .
there s not many open spaces on this lake : too many pines i guess too close to the shore .
a large pine had tumbled onto its side , the widespread roots lifting the base into the air .
selecting a dense tract of pine , he finally began felling trees , with the intent of making a log cabin .
one red maple and a couple of yellow birches lit the hills otherwise dark with pine .
finding one spot flatter than most and sheltered by pines , she pulled in the canoe , and was about to explore when she stepped just out of the canoe , wondering what she was looking at .
then she looked at the bottle of forty creek whiskey , in its plastic bottle , and thought blank thoughts , sitting with her knees drawn up tight and her arms wrapped around them , watching the dark pines on the shore and the patterns on the water .
in truth , she did nt have a clue what she was doing , or why , but something in her did nt want to spend the night with a corpse on this pine lake .
the shady pines full care retirement home may , at the last minute , ship us off to the hospital , via an ambulance and a couple of medical technicians who are duty - bound to detour us to the hospital and not drive us straight to the cemetery where they might more logically prop our wheezing person up against a tree , break out a case of bud light , and phone for a pizza .
a century before there had been log shanties all winter on the lake , and men cutting the tall white pines .
oh , i think a northern michelangelo would have painted god and man on some cliff face , and the cathedral would be made of tall pines swaying in the wind .
rollie did nt care for most of the spices he s a pretty plain and straightforward guy and there s an old pine that puts us in shade in mid - afternoon .
just when the sun was needed , it would be behind the pine .
when it came time to name more lakes in the north of the province , the cartographers used the names of airmen who d died in the second world war , but here in the more southern areas there was a ready duplication of names such as long , round , loon , dark , and pine .
he figured he d have to repeat the search with a motorboat in a day or two , but he was nt optimistic ; if a guy did nt want to be found , it was easy enough to hide beneath a canopy of pines or hemlock .
as i descended , the forest opened up into a stand of tall beach scattered with pines .
heading north for some reason , the forest dark with pines along the shore but glowing on the hilltops in maple and beech , the water clear and dark with mysteries .
rivers of time still sweep people away , unforgiving and unforgiven and the wind still blows in the pines where tom started to make a cabin .
the paper held a signed , handwritten note , i paul gottsen assign the novel pine lake and all associated rights to kimberley molley to do with as she wishes .
trees flashed by , firs and pines giving way to oaks as the elevation dropped .
she got up and rubbed against a pine bough to see if that would hide the smell .
rain tore leaves and pine needles from the trees , but she was nt cold .
they d been alone in the forest all morning , the fresh scent of pine tickling their noses .
even she knew that it was nt a real christmas tree more like some dying branches hacked from a fallen himalayan pine .
then we d catch a glimpse of it the clackamas river , a vast sparkling sheet beyond cropland and lines of pines .
she tried to ignore the sharp sting of dry pine needles as she strained to hear him .
i felt the scents washed away by fresh pine leaves as they are squashed underfoot .
about ten feet off the main trail under a tall pine tree , i found enough secondary foliage to obstruct the clear view of anyone casually passing by .
we went another mile down the road and i saw a small cabin nestled in the middle of several pine trees .
jills perfection was enough to make myrtle pine for the wicked puddin .
* * * the gillis home stood at the top of a steep slope on a grass - covered hill surrounded by pines .
she called from harte pines .
it was a tiny box of a place sixty feet from the highway , surrounded by a yard of sparse grass and scattered oaks and pines .
jean and alexander were seated with her aunt and uncle in the outdoor patio at a table with a view of the highest snowcapped peaks of the sierra in the distance , lower , dark green pine covered mountains in the foreground .
while his wife was taking such delight in having the bed to herself , the reverend walked among the mist covered pines behind the graveyard , feeling optimistic for the first time in over a year .
the valley oaks and grass - covered fields gradually gave way to a mix of oaks , pines and bare granite .
fortunately , fat had accurately estimated the distance to the next turn as the entrance to the dirt road that would take them to the kennel was nearly obscured by a large granite boulder and three forty foot diseased and dying pines .
you can ride for twenty miles , clear up into the pines without seeing a house or a road .
i think if he stayed among the oaks on the ridge , he could ride it all the way into the pines .
three mule deer rousted out of a clump of pinyon pine and took off at the sound of the horses .
saturday morning brought a chill and wind that bent the pines .
the journey took them through scrub oak , cactus , pines and cottonwoods .
a large oak tree stands among the pines and spruces , and beneath it are two young boys , sitting with their backs against the wide trunk .
the sugar pines handled the poor soil pretty well .
tall lodge pole pines supported the cone - shaped structure .
the shade from the scrub pines did nt hide the arrogance in p.k.s face .
nate left the coast road and drove up a pine - forested bluff that rose up from the ocean .
there was a man sitting at a metal picnic table a few hundred feet away under a tall pine , and it was n't hard to guess who it might be .
the place was high enough in elevation to be largely covered in trees , mostly pion but with a few taller pines as well .
a fairway bunker and two 50 - foot pine trees protected the dogleg .
buzz drive easily cleared the pine trees on the right and headed towards the green .
tall pine trees lined the left side of the fairway and blocked your view of the green until you reached the 220 - yard mark where the fairway opened up .
this would be a nice dinner for the two eaglets waiting in the nest at the top of the tall pine tree .
each cloth hung in soft pleats , and was decorated with a wreath of fresh pine needles , ornaments and bows .
i would sit on the beach listening to the waves , or on a cabin 's porch breathing in the scent of the pines .
another accident at the four way stop at pine and keslerthat made the second one this year .
tall pines surrounded the field on all sides with a gravel road leading up to it that continued on into the mountains .
like a thousand tiny fingernails on a black board , the branches from the pines scrapped eerily down the sides of the four by four as it pushed through the trees and up the road .
i should be pining away for boys that were nt good for meliam did nt count ; that was only a part - time pine .
for a quarter mile , on both sides of the roadway , a forest of arrow - straight pine trees reached toward the sky and aged live oaks spread their branches , forming a canopy for the palmetto growing beneath .
it is a small , one - story log home with not much acreage , but neatly tucked in the ponderosa pines that surround this beautiful mile - high community of prescott .
i was n't mad and i did n't feel stupid because he was big as a pine tree and he was crying more than i was .
the monterey pines and twisted cypress trees looked beautiful against the romantic ocean setting .
overhanging branches of hemlock and pine along the roadway , laden with the heavy ice and snow , released their load onto the truck when it scraped beneath then .
by five we were motoring up between little torch and big pine .
i spent the next day working with jorge martinez and crew , placing large landscaping boulders in the gardens and finishing a gambion wall i had designed to curve around the side of the property to embrace a sitting area installed beneath two austrian pines .
the next morning liz , louie , and i were raising dust going up rist canyon west of town , with wanda bumping along behind us , as the tawny foothills gave way to ponderosa pine forests and aspen stands .
as we walked through the underbrush she was shaking her head and muttering something about discrimination and bigotry when we caught up with louie , peering around a large lodge pole pine .
at the far end of the road , a pathway had been sliced through the thick grove of pines , carved with care to form a perfect walkway .
with each step taken , the aroma of pine intensified as their feet stirred the fallen needles .
delaney headed for the stables and was at once swallowed up by trees and shade and the dense scent of wet pine .
the passing cool front had infused the moist air with the scent of trees , a mix of pine and laurel .
two palm trees at the end of the courtyard separated the house from the broad expanse of the fields beyond , and a mixture of elm and pine bordered the main road and the short approach to the house .
* * * mesa knew the dense foliage of the deer lodge national forest below them , ponderosa pines and granite boulders in every direction .
warring with the oaks for supremacy were the rod - straight bodies of huge ponderosa pines , evergreen boughs clawing toward the searing beauty of the sun .
at least according to the folks over at the sugar pine that is .
* * * * the food in the sugar pine was hot , greasy , and deliciously fattening .
they were dotted with magnificent oaks and some sort of scraggly , anemic looking pine tree .
is there anyplace in this town where you can actually eat something that does nt slam an artery shut , or is it all like the sugar pine ?
she had seen the way heads had turned when they entered the stage stop together and she knew the rumor mill would be churning by the time the first hash and eggs were dished up at the sugar pine .
until she passed the sugar pine and the stage stop and approached the maple street inn , she had nt realized how much shed missed the little town , and the old - fashioned residents that gave it its heart .
it relegated the continuing talk of murder to a distant second in the sugar pine , and was passed around with the collection plate at st . gregorys sunday mass .
while she drove , her eyes devoured the dry hillsides , scraggly bull pines and fuzzily gray granite that fought its way out of the reddish mountain clay .
he led me up to a small but charming log cabin with dark firs and pine trees that hemmed it in from all sides .
if i 'd been feeling in a braver mood , maybe i would have stood there staring at that thin slit of a view through the break in the spruces and pines .
there were dense firs and pine trees about the back of the house and the steep slopes leading up to it , but unlike thorne 's bachelor pad , there was also a garden .
i started to help him down through the dense firs and pine trees , but suddenly he tripped , fell from my arms , and rolled a good eight feet before he managed to stop himself .
though it started as a joke , riding through dreary central florida past the orange groves and into the scrubby pine country , the idea sounded better all the time .
stands of white pine and hardwood backed each site and smaller understory trees and shrubs bordered the sides , giving the sites more privacy than most campgrounds .
the breeze had picked up a little and the angled rays of the sun filtered through the tall pines , transforming the understory into a shimmering gold .
the campground appeared quiet , although the campsites were so secluded in the pines , ash and maples , it was hard to tell .
walk two blocks to pine .
plus , fitz 's is on the corner of hayes and pine .
above the banks , fields of corn and rows of pines and small trees , bright from sunlight on their upper stalks and leaves , had dark shadows below .
chapter four 9 am , tuesday august 17 tench stood with the other mourners among the sweet and sour perfumes of magnolia trees , loblolly pines and raw earth near the fresh dug grave .
the tops of the pines growing along the opposite side glinted with late light , while shadows below competed with sparks on the spars and cabins of the many anchored yachts of cruising tourists .
except for hurricanes which arrived irregularly each fall season and caused electricity to fail and roads to be blocked with fallen pine trees , the biggest town security issue was the annual summer powerboat regatta .
the dead man 's chrysler was just visible , parked off the shoulder behind a copse of pine and sumac .
we stopped in a small clearing , and under a copse of oaks and pines stood a forgotten mausoleum with the name cottonwood etched above the door .
that left only the pine with its greenery of five - needled bursts and the delicate golden sprawls of witch hazel blossoms scattered along the path .
the foliage was long gone , but the rolling hills of fir and pine were delightful , especially with the delicate lacing of snow just fading at the edges .
the deciduous trees had long since relinquished their robes , leaving behind only the fluffy pine and sturdy juniper to provide a rich green backdrop to the view .
i was marveling at how full they were the pine and the juniper .
i could feel the rough texture of the oak trees bark beneath my fingers , breathe in the crisp juniper and pine , see the gentle golden glistening of witch hazel along the edge of the ravine .
cozy romance murder mystery series : aspen allegations | birch blackguards | cedar conundrums blackstone valley mystery novelette series : rumble strip sci - fi adventure romance series : aquarian awakenings | betelgeuse beguiling | centauri chaos | draconis discord dystopian journey series : into the wasteland | he who was living | broken images scottish regency time travel romance series : one scottish lass | a time apart | a circle in time 1800s tennessee black / native american series : across the river | in the pines sci - fi and massachusetts short stories : chartreuse | the angst of change | baac | melting | armsby black cat short stories : lisas 31 - book mini mystery series set in salem massachusetts begins with : the lucky cat black cat vol .
' no nectar in pines , but plenty of aphids . '
he was hot and he sat down on the little wall up there , on the other side of that young pine tree , mopping his face .
the landscape consists of tall dark green oaks , light green maples , yellow pines , and red cedar trees , short stubby light and dark green shrubs , hundreds of colorful wild red roses , blue azaleas , orange camellias , yellow daisies , pink petunias , and other flowers .
melissa fell one hundred forty feet , struck and broke a small gnarled pine that clung to the vertical rocks , bounced off a protruding boulder and smashed onto a ledge of granite .
the tire tracks from the mountain bikes meandered into the pines .
the fir forest thinned and in the bigger spaces were occasional large pines .
it had a strong and delicious butterscotch aroma which meant jeffrey pine .
as i lost altitude , the forest of fir and pines gradually gave way to oaks .
neither the house nor lake was visible through the pines .
the lawn was uneven and scattered with large pines .
the pines were less dense than on the tahoe side of the summit where moisture was more plentiful .
they were resting in the shade of a large jeffrey pine .
down the street was a large pine .
by dead reckoning i hoped to cross death valley going straight west toward lone pine .
when we get to lone pine , well turn north and follow 395 to lake tahoe .
towers of long needled pine trees filled the lot .
the tall and slender pine trees , crowned with both red and green pine straw , were taller and more numerous in the backyard than they were in the front .
even as a child , she had thought it smelled like cinnamon and bread baking and sometimes apple pie , even when there was nothing in the oven.oaks , pines and poplars surrounded it , with the winter months allowing beautiful views of the surrounding black mountains .
eventually , he grew tall enough and fast enough to outrun his dad , losing him in the welcoming darkness of the forest , able to climb tall pines out of reach and out of sight .
maples , oaks , pines and even my favorite , magnolia trees .
the branches of the oaks and pines were draping over us as if they were scrutinizing our every move from high above .
something moved toward the bait pile , hugging the pines .
most of the shore was a line of trees and rocks , with willow bush and half - sunken logs at the water line , and pines behind .
this one was a tad darker than the average , with more dark pine on the edges and less exposed rock .
more white birch in the forest mix , and a lot less of silent , dark pine .
i scrambled through the arrowhead plants , through the willow underbrush , over some slippery smooth rocks , and into the pines at the shore .
lined with the pines that made the corpse lake so gloomy .
we lived on the inner bark of the white pine . ''
then i folded the tent as tightly as i could , after brushing the usual collection of twigs and pine needles off the bottom .
that old black dog just loped out of the deep pine forest and snuffed my optimism and cheer down its throat .
the shores move by in silence , bringing rock and pine and oak past .
green pine trees stood among orange - leaved oaks and a few small bright red maples .
my guestimate was that , if i fell asleep , i d fall sideways onto the log , then backwards into a small pine .
eventually i found my face in a small pine .
for a moment i thought i d been shot , but eventually my foggy brain figured out that i d fallen sideways onto the log , then backwards into the pine , as i d thought would happen .
then they came for the tall white pines that covered the province , and started building dams to make the swamps back into lakes again .
where have all the old trees are gone , the pines that touched the autumn clouds ?
we were camped , you might know , under the tallest set of pines left in ontario .
these are pines temagami would be proud of .
i explained that these islands were smooth rock with gnarly pines on them , and that people often saw this as genuinely picturesque .
` ` twisted , weathered pines ? ''
` ` and just how do these rocks get smooth and these pines get all weathered ? ''
it started with the logging of the province of its stands of white pine .
then britain discovered just how much pine there was in ontario and began cutting and shipping it back home as fast as they could cut it .
when i was young , i admired the lone pine and the maple out solitary in the field .
i was planning on including that snaggled pine in one of my photos .
but instead of being surrounded by pines and furs , it sat on two acres of land with lots of orange and avocado trees .
a high hedge marks the end of the yard , and beyond it , jack pines , dogwoods , and live oaks shoulder together .
around us , an impenetrable mass of underbrush was dotted with pines and trash trees .
as i turned to go back , something moved in the pine grove that screened the muck pile .
she could see the tips of the lone mimosa tree just outside her apartment , its stubborn , flamboyant blooms unfurled amongst a stand of the ubiquitous georgia pine , a radiant reminder of natures individuality , its irony .
i had just followed amanda to her house in castle pines , an exclusive gated community of huge , custom - built homes resting in the shadows of the rocky mountains near castle rock .
the continuing sprawl of suburban denver threatened smaller towns , but in areas like castle pines , between castle rock and south denver , the neighborhoods were still quiet and you had breathtaking views of the mountains thrown in .
unlit christmas lights hung from the eave , and from the branches of two large pine trees in the front yard .
a light snow fell , and temperatures hovered barely above freezing , so i drove with caution over slick roads to castle pines .
we reached a tall pine tree .
large pines protruded from the top of every ridge , below them were aspen trees , almost level with them were groves of fruit trees .
at first the landscape was that of a patchwork quilt , neat almost square sections flanked the road , slowly giving way to a rocky terrain , dotted with small pines , and then they were engulfed in a dense forest .
below the sky supporting cliffs , stretched large pines growing from the lakes edge .
there nestled back in the large pines stood the third house .
when the conversation developed in to a more extensive one , on the usage of hot springs , she excused herself and took a seat out under a tall pine for shade .
imogen , the flawlessly groomed receptionist , had been watching him on cctv from the moment he stepped out of the shadow of the pines with councillor rivers .
no matter that he planned to go into the village to have his hair cut , grab a quick sandwich from laceys cafe , and then stroll the back way round to the pine grove for an off - the - record chat with councillor rivers fiona would feel as much hurt by the lack of communication about the haircut as she did about the unspecified activity among the pines .
no matter that he planned to go into the village to have his hair cut , grab a quick sandwich from laceys cafe , and then stroll the back way round to the pine grove for an off - the - record chat with councillor rivers fiona would feel as much hurt by the lack of communication about the haircut as she did about the unspecified activity among the pines .
over the steep bank the vegetation had thinned out , and through the scrub pine they could see the lights advancing down the slope , five minutes at the most from the creek .
over by the stand of pine , in the west corner of the valley , their tent was visible , its dark - blue shape merging with the trees .
but as far as craig could see , looking over the hillsides brown with the dying grass and dotted with small pines , he was the only moving feature of the landscape .
thick , curtainlike forest had given way to open hillsides dotted with pines rolling into the distance .
violet hills rolled up , their summits capped with snow and their sides broken with solitary pines , like the work of some eighteenth - century landscape gardener .
craig drew slowly into the bank beside a small group of pines .
chapter 29 theodore roosevelts house in oyster bay overlooked a long sloping lawn that rolled into a forest of pine and maple trees .
is someone named pine simply destined to be a forest ranger ?
good morning , ranger pine said cheerily with a wide grin on his face .
ranger pine smiled at the man and nodded his head , as if in greeting , to assure him everything was fine .
i would get back to ranger pine when i knew more .
ranger pines reactions to my probing questions were a bit over the top , but then i did nt know the man .
at least i could feel fairly certain now that the 9 - 1 - 1 call had been transferred to this ranger station , and to ranger pine specifically , before going to deputy powell .
and the call had probably been transferred because pine did not have the resources to handle a dead body .
ranger pine was accurate on the size of the fire .
the cause of the blaze was later determined to be a campfire out of control , as ranger pine had indicated .
ranger pines station was indeed a lonely post .
ranger pine heading home for the night after a very long workday .
like ranger pine , a very long workday for her too .
they were not simply planting trees , as i had been led to believe by ranger pine .
yet the coincidence of the body snatchers showing up right after my 9 - 1 - 1 call left me with the conclusion that those who took the call were involved in this : ranger pine , enid powell , or maybe both .
going back to ranger pine to probe about the chain - link fence seemed like a bad idea .
now i had to step away from that comfortable tool to consider other ways to solve this riddle of what is going on among ranger andrew pines trees .
in talking with ranger pine about that , he said the area is off limits so it can recover .
ever since then , ranger pine has been practically living at the ranger station , working every day .
they moved in when pine got the forest ranger position several years ago .
finding the body , calling 9 - 1 - 1 , the call being transferred to ranger pine and then to the deputy , the boot prints , the disappearance of the body .
i was tempted to follow the car to see where ranger pine was going .
cortina perez , ranger pines wife , the two hispanic men , and now joseph custer .
as for pine , i had no connection .
even though i had only talked with ranger pine once , he did not seem to be the criminal type .
if pine was being coerced , his wife must still be alive to keep him cooperative .
ranger pine stood behind the counter , ready for the onslaught .
nonetheless , ranger pine stood ready to aid them if the need arose .
ranger pine , can we talk in private ?
ranger pine did not respond .
ranger pine , as i told you on tuesday , i m the one who called 9 - 1 - 1 to report finding a body on monarch trail .
look , pine , i blurted .
you re such a bad liar , pine .
but the strain was really showing on ranger pines face now .
ranger pine , tell me what s going on and maybe i can help .
i ve been afraid to tell anyone , pine added .
i nodded reassuringly to ranger pine , got up , and left the office .
chapter 39 i drove back to the motel assuring myself i did the right thing by confronting ranger pine .
there was no taking back my visit to pine .
it was urgent that he mount a response to this because at least one life , that of ranger pines wife , was at stake .
they even intimidated ranger pine to cooperate with them by holding his wife hostage .
i talked with ranger pine this morning .
and about ranger pine opening the gate for the truck to pass .
you said ranger pine is being coerced .
i remembered then that i d promised to call ranger pine immediately after talking with jeff .
it went right to message , which seemed odd since pine was the one who wanted me to call .
ranger andrew pines wife .
just like cortina perez , joseph custer , andrew pines wife , and all the afghans .
and perhaps he witnessed or was even ordered to participate in the sacrifice of cortina perez , joseph custer , pines wife , and all the others in the graves .
and even if i did roll the dice by trusting them , just like ranger pine , i did nt know where they lived .
and the maid from the motel and ranger pines wife .
chapter 53 ranger pine was clearly not the spineless wimp i had thought him to be .
maybe she overheard something that spurred pine to execute her .
you wuss , sheriff , pine taunted .
i swiveled quickly and fired a shot around the left rear of the sheriffs vehicle toward pine .
bullets were then coming from pine , plunking into the side of the car .
i saw the townspeople gathered in two small groups , one near where the sheriff had fallen and the other at the front of the alley where ranger pine had fired at us .
that meant that pine must be badly hurt , or maybe dead , from our exchange of gunfire .
two more shots rang out , hitting just to my left , kicking up pine needles .
facing downhill now , i moved left , the opposite direction i had been going , and plopped down behind a broad pine .
i had used that gun to shoot at ranger pine .
the bodies of three people had already been identified as ranger pines wife edith , cortina perez , and joseph custer .
an endless wash of montana blue sky interrupted only by snow - dusted tips of ponderosa trees and white bark pines covering this remote mountain ridge .
he rounded the cabin to where the land sloped away less aggressively with breaks that might look like paths squiggling between swatches of pines that stair - stepped down the mountain .
when she reached the corner of a lot speckled with a few oak and scrub pines , terri picked her way through weeds until she paused at a tree next to a chain - link fence surrounding the property of a shipping company .
we had left the interstate just five minutes east of lawrenceton and had taken a state highway north a couple of miles , passing the usual seven million pine trees .
rendered invisible from the highway by a strip of pines and a ridge , the little airport had been carved out of the woods a long time ago .
straight ahead was a series of semi - attached buildings where the pine and hardwoods were cleaned , sized , cut , and treated before being stored in warehouses .
but once i drove a few feet down a dirt road through the initial roadside stand of oak and pine trees , it was every bit as desolate as grovepoint acres .
i trudged back to the minivan and headed for a place called logan pines farther to the north .
and i had nothing left to search after logan pines anyway .
because logan pines was the last pseudovision in central florida- or at least the last one i knew about - i had placed so much hope in it .
at least the sun was shining in its watery winter way , and the clear colors of the pines and holly bushes against the pale blue sky made my eyes blink with pleasure .
but the dogwood i glimpsed , perhaps twenty feet into the woods , was beautiful , its flowers glowing like pale butterflies among the dark branchless trunks of the slash pines .
the surrounding pines were old growth , their trunks wide with decades of life .
only the pines and princess trees retained a lively summer facade .
i said , sitting across from susu at her ` ` country pine '' kitchen table .
a multitude of trails wind throughout the park , but the great lawn is an undivided , sprawling space with fresh , soft grass , rimmed with maple and pine trees .
there 's a giant pine tree giving us cover , throwing shadows over the corner we 're standing in , and i do n't think the woman can really see us .
despite what he says , i know he 's a selfish a**hole that wants to be able to have his fun with whoever , whenever , while i sit at home and pine after him .
chapter 3 first , the fire tasted the grass , then a bush , jumping to a twig , to old pine needles , then winding up the base of the dying pine , feasting on the dry fuel .
the air smelled like pine trees and dust .
the dampness made the scent of pine even stronger here in the middle of the forest , and i inhaled deeply , leaning against eliot 's chest .
kyle was halfway up the huge lightning - blasted pine that crowned the ridge .
there was an island about a quarter mile out into the bay , a tiny bump of land with some scrub pines and bushes a thin beach .
the huge pine trees surrounding the cabin were bending and swaying in the winds , which were approaching gale force , it seemed to me .
time slowed as the mammoth pine fell toward me .
those huge pine trees around the cabin were bent nearly double . ''
i laughed as i ducked under the low - hanging branches of the huge pine trees standing between our house and our neighbors .
about a mile from our back door was a mammoth pine tree with straight , low - hanging branches , the lowest one just out of reach .
` ` that huge granddaddy pine tree , i know it .
chapter 3 first some grass , then a bush , jumping to a twig , to old pine needles , then winding up the base of the dying pine , feasting on the dry fuel .
from there , the rope was wrapped once around a young pine tree growing up the side of the ridge .
our site was a secluded clearing surrounded by pines .
we do n't say anything else until we reach a river flowing among the lofty pine trees .
he grabbed my hand and we sprinted to a grove of pine trees a good distance from the shit - brick building , far away from prying eyes and the streetlamps designed to make such pit stops safer .
jack and i watch it disappear down the driveway , past the pines at the edge of the road .
she steps from between the pine trees that are between the house and the studio and cuts me off .
pine trees block us from being seen by the people inside the studio , and we 're too far from the road for the cops to see .
he 's sitting on a bench between two massive pines with his head in his hands , shoulders hunched toward the ground like he 's utterly defeated .
looking at the scattered pines that stand between us and the ocean , i ask , ` ` how long did it take you to pick this property for the studio ?
there are tons of old homes with huge lawns and even bigger estate houses nestled out of sight between towering oaks and pines .
lila and ethan are in the living room , attempting to put a small pine tree up that dean cut down in the front yard .
i ' m wondering how hard it 's going to be to keep the sled from cracking into one of the towering pines .
if you followed the mountain line to the base , a sea of powdered snow - covered pine trees meandered their way toward the road we were traveling .
we came upon a little silver airstream tucked below some pine trees at the bottom of the sloping hill parallel to the main house .
with the fork low to the ground , tightly shimmy it back and forth , freeing any loose pine pellet bedding .
at the base stood hundred - foot pine trees .
the fire was as tall as the trees , the flames licking the very top of the ponderosa pines that had been there for generations .
the rolling hills quickly turned into pine covered foothills and plateaus .
the pine trees were incredibly tall there , the foliage thick and little purple wild flowers dotted the ground whimsically .
the tall pines , majestic mountains , and impressive hotel complex beckoned us to come and enjoy luxury at its finest .
the last few miles of road were bordered on both sides by tall pines and thick trees ; the air was scented with the fresh perfume of the woods .
as the road narrowed , the brown leaves clinging to trees that should have released their burden by now , large pines appeared , tall and foreboding .
ears perked , she could hear birds outside , the rustle of vibrant late - fall leaves floating to the forest ground , the wind whistling against tall pines .
right now with december upon us , the air smelled of pine and freshly falling snow .
he 'd grown accustomed to the smells of pine and snow and earth , the sounds of the wind whispering through branches and animals skittering through the underbrush coming from his open windows .
i smelled pine trees , deep in the forest , damp in the morning after a night of campfires and singing .
i just took in his scent of dew - soaked pine , wet earth , and smoldering fires .
he came to me in a haze of pine and musk .
i had found the cabins for sale on the internet and talked grant into coming with me , fixing them up , caring for them and the patrons who 'd use them to have their time by a river in the middle of rock , pine , aspen , columbine , fireweed , wild iris , and glacier lily .
chapter four two days his flashlight lighting the way , deck moved through the snow , dense pine and aspen .
but there were tall pines all around the house , short days in february , limited sun and the shade those trees would bring would mean the snow they had yesterday should still be on her roof - if her insulation was good .
the back had a remarkable garden , terraced up the mountain , incorporating the aspen and pine , this leading down to a patio made of flagstone arrayed in an extraordinary starburst design .
the a - frame , just like it looked on the internet except without the pine trees all around it , the mountain backdrop and the bright shining sun , of course , they were probably there ( except the sun , seeing as it was night ) , i just could n't see them .
i could see snow and lots of it , and pine trees and lots of those too .
i looked out the windows and saw the snow and pine trees , white and green jagged mountaintops breaking the blue sky , breathtaking landscape , a fabulous view as far as the eye could see .
i had found , through the backdoor leading from the utility room that max shouted through the bathroom door was my way to find him when i finally ` ` fuckin ' got ready '' , that max 's house butted up to a gradual incline covered in pine and aspen but , around the side and up , there was a barn buried in the trees .
my feet were bare so i ran up the stairs , pulled on boots then ran down , threw open the door , jumped down the steps but when i got to the drive i saw his cherokee disappear behind the green pine and white aspen of his mountain .
then i looked back at the river rushing across its rocks , the snow shrouded banks , the green pine trees dotting all around .
it was night , dark , we were in the mountains surrounded by pine so thick it shrouded the space and kept out the moonlight .
then he bent , lifting me in his arms , he carried me through the snow and pine trees of a colorado mountain , straight to his cherokee where he set me gently in the passenger seat , buckled me in safely , folded into the driver 's side and then he took me home .
we were heading into the hills , we were surrounded by pine and aspen and we were going to tate 's place .
this did not feel good and i suspected i did myself damage but i still got up and did my best to make a run for it , straight through the spiky pine and leafless aspen of the hills surrounding where sunny had been attacked .
about a half a mile out of town , he turned left and drove into the hills where , after a short while , we hit thick pine and aspen .
quite a few of the pine trees and aspens between the houses had not been disturbed when they built so they provided even more privacy .
he drove to the very top of the development , turned left into the private drive of the last of the houses in the development , this one a little bit more removed from the others and having pine and aspen at its sides , one side a steep decline that eventually led to another house , the other side leading into nothing but the steep , heavily wooded incline of the hill .
i set my coffee down on the railing after taking a sip then shoveled fruit and yogurt in my mouth while staring at the sun shining bright on carnal , the green pine - covered hills beyond , the purple mountains beyond that .
it was good tall pine trees hid us from view on either side and at the front there was nothing but hill and forest .
i just sipped my coffee and stared at the snow , the plain , the white covered hills and mountains beyond with their stark breaks of green pine .
a queen of the mountains that sheltered them , mountains that he wanted to explore with her , making love in the caves , beneath a pine tree , in a cool , clear stream .
they plowed through the pines until he finally stopped and turned to her .
` ` you 're mine now , '' jason said covetously and backed her up against the large trunk of a tall pine .
i ' m not saying you have to forgive him , but i ca n't keep watching you two pine away for each other .
aftershave , a hint of pine and the faint traces of smoke .
the gentle breeze inspired the aspens and the pines to slow dance around me .
the sweeping campus was covered with mature maple and pine trees , several large grassy areas , a small parking lot in front of the red building , and a larger parking lot located in back between the two concrete buildings .
the land behind the beach was covered in a thick pine forest broken only by the small airstrip where private twin and single engine planes could land .
a bright yellow golden warbler sat up on a branch watching them before it took to wing and landed high on a pine bough further up the path .
he could smell the salt water and pine trees , two scents that he had come to appreciate living in the puget sound area and up here in the san juans .
the blue water surrounded by tall pine trees came into view long before they arrived .
set in a meadow and surrounded by towering pines , the chapel looked like it belonged on the new england countryside instead of in the pacific northwest .
the needles of the gardens pine trees swayed from side to side , and the birds abandoned the branches in grievance .
the ones here he pointed to the row closest to us , are spruce pine .
then we also have sand pine and two other species of spruce .
mandy breathed in the pungent aroma of pine and cedar trees .
the sharp smell of cedar and pine trees filled the cab of the truck .
suddenly , it took off and landed in the top of a tall pine tree .
buddy led the way up into the hilly section that had a large stand of pine and cedar trees .
as they climbed up the hill , the aroma of cedar and pine filled the air .
she was half - drunk on the sheer smell of the night , a potent combination of wet leaves and pine and the ever - present smell of the sea .
there are three massive pine trees , one in the front yard and two in the back .
come and sit with me , chogan said , sitting down at the base of a large pine tree .
hannahs urgent whisper drifted between the pine boughs long after eli had spotted her .
someone is by that tree , anita whispered and pointed to a large pine near the sports fields .
i scanned up the branches of the giant pine tree , and halfway up was perched a giant mountain lion .
anita sniffed at the air and asked dean , did anyone ever tell you that you smell like pine ?
did you say pine ?
i suspected it was you last night when i saw you in the tree because you smelled familiar , but when i smelled the pine on you in class today i knew for sure .
i noticed a small movement under a large pine tree .
mickey perched on the closest pine to the trail .
the pine trees were deep green .
they crashed into a large pine with a crack .
grey had driven a steak straight through his heart , and pinned him to a large pine tree .
sitting on a stump by the side of the woods fragrant with pine , cedar , oak and magnolia trees , she was lost in thought until suzannes rather unladylike bellow from the balcony shattered her reverie .
` ` the man who built the place , ninety years ago , was a fan of the big pines around here .
so he decided to name it two and a half pine lodge , after the pines on the island there .
jenni walked down the gravel driveway among pines and birches , crossed the little bridge over the creek , and made her way up the steps to the cabin .
she knew that leaving them alone was the logical thing to do , but she and her fatherd once spent a night in a storm , and she remembered the terror as tree limbs fell all around and lightning hit a pine all too close to the tent .
a small branch came down , followed by a few handfuls of mixed pine needles and cones .
with all the pines around , i would nt think fall would be a problem .
a quickie under the pines , is that what its going to be ?
there s an inukshuk on a rock at the end of the bay , and an osprey nest in a dead pine .
lying by the other tent was a recently fallen pine ; couple of branches lay on top of the flattened tent .
julio had backed matt against a pine and matt 's eyes were starting to glaze over .
he turns into elizabeth park , driving slowly down the meandering one - lane road to a secluded spot crowded with the pines and brush ( the same spot mrs . green would find your body , lifeless , the next morning ) .
the forest was covered in snow ; the pine trees were dark against the brilliant white .
the smell of dead leaves and fresh pine is invigorating .
here and there , an optimistic pine tree raised its face towards the sun .
thunder boomed as darkness shrouded the forest , settling between towering redwoods and ponderosa pines .
she thought she spied a glimmer of light beyond a stand of pines .
there among the pine needles were red and grey foxes , raccoons , squirrels , possums , and all manner of birds of every size and color .
maybe if a stringer of pines grows down a ridge , it comes along .
ross was active in the singles i department of the aforementioned pine tree community church , and , yes , its sometimes a bit awkward to have a son in the same church department .
half a mile down , a spit of rock and trees extended to the water and as we neared it i saw the crown of a fifty - foot pine burst into flames .
around him , scrubby grasslands merged into woods of poplar and pine .
* * * i stood outside the cave , inhaling the aromas of plants and herbs and pine trees , while staring at the lightening sky .
pine trees towered on either side of the narrow , country road .
joni got out of her car and walked under the pines toward the duck pond .
the only sounds were the call of a great horned owl looking for its mate and the breeze sifting through the pines .
roy hollered , just before a low branch of a knotty pine smacked clint in the face .
not just green , but variegated with mostly emerald slashes and spots of lime , surrounded by a thin dark ring of forest pine .
for long moments , his eyes seemed to rest on the pine trees clustered at the stream .
she whiffed the pines and heard the stream 's melody at a distance .
he stared upward , focused on the tips of the pine trees swaying in the breeze .
fragrant pine trees crowded in on either side , as thick as if god had personally plunged handfuls of them into the ground .
then those eyes , like chameleons , had taken on the color of the surrounding pines ; wide with wonder and sheer purity .
he took a short cut , weaving his way through the pines , ignoring the pain the forest floor gave his feet .
planting a shoulder hard against a pole pine , he propped himself upright to keep an eye on her while he tried to figure it out .
clint 's eyes shifted from one pine tree to the next , then shot up to the rocks above .
undisturbed pine trees stood majestically around him , like they had triumphed in a contest of strengths .
a hundred shades of rose blazed across the backdrop to the pines ' silhouettes .
clint 's gaze crept over the trunks of the pines , fiery red in the glow of the setting sun .
he raked his fingers through his hair , feeling warm in spite of the nippy breeze whispering through the pines .
the horse spooked to the side and trampled a pile of splintered pines , then bolted forward and knocked its knees against a boulder .
he stripped off the saddle bags , rifle , and saddle , stuffing the saddle behind a large pole pine .
morning arrived as a streak of light through the tall pines .
nothing he tried had worked , and he grew grim as the sun slid behind the great pines and a light evening breeze brushed against his sticky skin .
clint pressed his back against a pole pine , set the sole of his boot against the bark , and an arm draped across his thigh .
clint nodded while scanning the areathe meadow , the pines , the splits in the earth .
clint glanced over his shoulder and caught sight of jessie standing off from the group under the shade of a pine , her brows furrowed .
his eye caught , and recognized , three figures disappearing into the grove of pines that bordered the stream .
chapter 35 once he had the fire blazing , max eased back against the trunk of a pine , trying to relax the overused muscles from clint 's relentless pace .
pete had heard the sound too , since the snoring had stopped and his eyes were now locked on the same section of pines .
he weaved his way through the cover of limber pines and junipers .
clint crept to the next pine to get a better view .
blake nodded towards a huge pine at the head of the meadow that had its top burned and shattered .
lightning hit that pine and sent the horses stampeding .
though beccas familys house was on a cul - de - sac in a highly developed part of greensboro , the view from these glass doors revealed only naturea mix of deciduous trees , some with their foliage gone , some clinging to brown and gold leaves , and lofty dark pines .
the drizzle of the morning had thinned to a silvery mist that clung to the bare trees , the lofty dark pines , the low pointy cedars , the sere grass of the fields .
abigail gazed out the window at rolling hills covered with tall grasses , juniper trees , thickets of cottonwood , maple , and oak trees dressed with autumn leaves , and a scattering of pines occasionally punctuated by granite boulders .
we walked under the shade of aspens and pines .
i watched him wander off into the pines alone .
below us , yellow leaves of cottonwoods and aspens contrasted against dark pines .
through the glass , a row of massive pine trees effortlessly held their weight against the mesmerizing snowstorm .
it was like my whole life i d been living in one of those plastic bubbles they put people who ca nt live in the outside world and do nt never feel what s its like to smell the air off a wet pine forest , or feel the sun rising on a cool spring morning , an i was that bubble girl who all of a sudden stepped out into the sweet cool air and onto the dewey grass , and even if i knew i was gon na die for doing it , it was the most wonderfulest moment in my life , by which i mean a moment filled with starlight wonder .
the lot ended and run off into the trees there , those loblolly and georgia pines that stand so straight , silent and tall , like gods own humungous christmas tree lot , only its owned instead by mrs . georgia pacific .
it was just out west of here , he pointed out the window and then across the street to the buildings and a park with swings and play equipment on the other side of main street , along north pine .
technically , you got ta go around the corner and down south pine to stevie cs .
it had been rebuilt after at least a couple of fires around that time destroyed most of the wooden structures along south pine .
as we rode west on main street , we could see the square on north pine as we approached .
when they got to the narrow , bumpy old stone road lined with the outstretched branches of the famous umbrella pine trees , it was dark and the drizzle had turned to rain .
this small burial ground was on the outskirts of the city and was best known for its winding promenade flanked by rows of tall and lovely umbrella pine trees .
he finally set her down and went to sit with his back against norahs pine tree .
you re going to get sap on you if you spend too much time close to a pine tree , she warned him .
i was just out making runs trying to let everyone know about the charity ball we 'll be holding at the end of next month at the pine 's theater .
the farther she went into them , the thicker the pines and brush got .
we had beetles come through here last year and a lot of the pines were killed off .
she pointed to a dozen or more dead pines that stood in the distance .
she was pretty upset about the state of the fence and just this morning she hired the johnston brothers to clear the line of all the pine 's the beetles killed last season .
we 'd lost a lot of the pine trees along there to beetles last year .
it was the night before savannah 's charity ball at the pine 's theater .
when he walked into the pine 's theater , the place was packed .
they walked a path through a few pine trees .
it had big windows everywhere and a huge pine tree , maybe sixty feet tall , in the front yard .
he found a large , mature pine .
the needled boughs of an immense pine tree loomed just a few hundred feet ahead .
without a second to spare , he jerked the steering wheel of his ambulance to the left , barely avoiding a head - on collision into the trunk of the pine .
the crush saga book trailer : http : //youtu.be/4emf8kxeuc4 chapter 1 big bear lake , california is located in a lush green valley , surrounded by mountains and the towering pines , sparkling streams , wildlife , and hidden lakes of the san bernardino national forest .
the afternoon heat still lingered , making pine and spruce the flavor of the day .
the small pine they hit broke in half , the jagged piece of it scraped down devon 's back and ripped into his skin .
aspens and pines rise up the hill .
its a short hike that takes me away from the main building and to a clearing in the pines .
aspens and pines line the side of the road , which has gone down to one lane both ways .
there was a motorcycle parked just inside the tree line and i could hear snoring from under one of the pines .
sipping their coffees , they gazed at tall pines , fluffy clouds , a soaring hawk , and enjoyed a tender breeze .
his powerful biceps navigated the wheelchair around rocks and rough terrain to a tall pine on the other side of the drive .
more she approached the goal , and more the air was fresh and full of scents of pine , eucalyptus , orange blossom and rosemary .
he walked the paths between pine and eucalyptus trees , bougainvillea , brooms , orchids and cyclamen , including agaves , aloes and prickly pears that had copious blooms .
in the morning on the beach smelled of salt and oily aroma of pine and eucalyptus trees .
pulling open the drapes , he gazed out at the sea of dark pines and the minuscule view of the lake in the distance .
her bedroom looked out over a large deck and an acre of tall pines .
annie stopped , her gaze moving to the tall pines in the back yard .
it was a dark night with the sliver of a moon peeking through the tall pines in annies backyard .
its high meadows of sweet grass , clear mountain streams , steaming thermal springs , and aspen and pine forests were the only home she and robbie had ever known , and by god , annie would dance with the devil and sell him her soul before shed give up so much as one square inch of it .
he jerked his head toward the thicket of pines above the road , hooked a thumb in the same direction .
michael scanned the thicket of pine .
the path was sparsely lined with a mixture of cypress and super tall pine trees with squirrels jumping from branch to branch overhead .
scents of pine and earth rooted her to the natural world around her .
sitting up , he moves closer and my mind sees visions of him walking toward me , surrounded by high pine trees on a cloudless summers day with his eyes sparkling .
granny and i were sharing a porch swing and a plate of sugar cookies , munching , watching the squirrels dart around the oaks and pines .
easy to navigate , the land was a beautiful piece of earth with flat terrain , plenty of mature pines and just enough live oaks to give it character .
they just love the seventy- and eighty - year - old longleaf pines .
you see , the red - cockaded is the only woodpecker on earth that carves a home out of the trunk of a living tree , and just pecking away long enough to reach the heartwood of the pine , where they make their hole , takes years .
the same spot where some red - cockaded woodpeckers had made their homes in the trunks of eighty year - old longleaf pines .
although the fire had destroyed most underbrush and the land was leveled for development , a fine layer of leaves and pine straw covered the sandy ground .
well , either mister stillwell just happened to die , with a head injury , sitting against a pine tree , on a construction site , sometime in the middle of the night .
but he did nt find a boarding house when he drove in through the tall red pines lining the path .
the elusive pine scent from earlier teased her nostrils .
chapter seventeen : zondros , ace pilot and monster hunter by savanna kougar zondros , ace pilot and monster hunter , swooped low over the tall pines but pushed his modified helicopter to full speed .
she selected a small pine that was nt much fuller than charlie browns tree .
a beautiful tall pine stood in the living room and twinkled with hundreds of tiny lights , and dozens of fancy packages were tucked under it .
the shade felt good , and the scent of pine was enchanting .
he asked dillon and leaned it up against the pine tree .
i went to the pine tree , caressed its needles , and smelled my hand .
the green , open meadows slipped and morphed into a thick forest of tall , old pines and firs .
all this time he had been looking at the dark shadows the pine trees made as they played with the moonlight .
as we reach the higher elevations , snow blankets the wonderful pine trees and surrounding roads .
along the shore , tall , majestic pines lined the water 's edge .
cass closed her eyes for a moment and calmed herself by picturing an alpine lake surrounded by a forest of lodge pole pines , the lake on her family 's b - bar-3 ranch .
bud 's house sat sheltered between windbreaks of tall sycamores and pines , so that only distant neighbors , to the north and east , would have to use a telescope to catch even a glimpse of his driveway .
the shaded areas remained cool , and icicles hung from the boughs of the lodge pole pines .
they pushed through a dense grove of pines .
bud raised his jacketed arms and clung to a heavy pine bough , swinging himself like a child on monkey bars .
they reflected the green of the pines on the nearby hills .
she stopped the truck behind a cluster of pines and got out .
she wedged the hammer tongs between slats and eased the pine strips away , clearing a path for what was inside .
` ` what if we were to build our own place , say in that clearing by the lake , near where all those lodge pole pines grow ? ''
chapter 14 howard kane directed his large chevy suburban into the shady pines trailer park in herald falls , new york .
behind them , however , waited an endless sea of pines and cedars as far as they eye could see , readied with their barbed spines .
she needed him to move quickly so she jogged up the rocky track , through low heath and soughing pines towards their destination .
he knew in his heart though that the pines genuinely spoke , and that they yearned especially to speak to men , who could no longer in their loneliness and alienation understand what the trees had to say to them .
the pines whispered louder , as if they were sighing in greeting , and a strange warmth came towards them from the vast wall overhanging them , like sweet breath flowing towards them without a single breath of air .
she knew that this was her love jesse , sitting naked under a pine tree , but she also knew that he had been transformed , and that he now shone with the most extraordinary light .
pine trees crowded thickly against the serpentine ribbon of asphalt , casting shadows over the highway that perfectly suited her mood .
leaping over a fallen pine tree , she closed the distance between them - close enough to smell the fear underlying the lycan 's natural scent .
the massive old - growth pine shuddered in protest , leaves falling around her like rain .
they were rolling past a grove of loblolly pines .
they sat on a toppled pine tree , overgrown with moss and ivy .
the instant he entered the wood the sky darkened , blocked by the towering pines above .
he could hardly believe it : there , standing in the shade of a huge pine tree , smiling back , was gwendolyn .
they headed quickly into the woods , the path twisting and turning amidst the huge pines .
the wind blew through the highest branches of the pines , making them dance .
dusk fell fast as they walked home , but julia loved to see the moon rising over the pines as the sun set in the opposite corner of the sky .
damien raised his head and howled , the cry rising into the pines and twisting into the dissonant wind .
he stared out the window , pine trees rushing past .
the air was fresh and clean , like pine and summer sky .
it was getting close to ten o'clock , and lexie and jeremy were at her house , a small , weathered bungalow that backed up to a grove of ancient pines .
the air was scented with perfume and pine and salted mist , and blue skies broken only by the occasional breath of cloud stretched across the horizon .
the late afternoon sun filtered through the branches of a lofty norfolk pine , casting shadows across the sundial in the centre of the courtyard .
he came to a stop where michael mason rummaged in the trunk of a modest toyota parked in the dark shade of two tall pines .
as they headed toward the row of pines where the maserati was parked , connor said , ` ` if dylan comes to stay with me that will solve all her concerns . ''
on either side , spindly green pine trees stood guard .
the driveway seemed endless and was flanked by huge pine trees on either side , giving privacy to the house still hidden from view .
the dim rays seemed to set the branches of the pines on fire , the red and orange light casting halos on the trees .
not the pine needles themselves , but the resin that seeps out of the bark .
they stopped to roll against some small pine trees .
the sharp smell of the pine might help to camouflage them in case the packs had n't yet gone far .
his forehead rested against hers , his breath hot on her lips , smelling like pine and wilderness .
the thick white roundness of the full moon rose slowly behind the dark pines , its halo casting a ghostly ring around it in the clouds .
he could hear both of them now , their paws crunching the branches and pine needles underneath , their laughter lilting on the wind , carried to his ears .
she found herself drifting off to sleep under the shade of a pine .
i could smell him despite the pines and the flowers and the fresh plastic aroma of my chairs .
the road was surrounded on all sides by towering pines .
it was a little blot of humanity tucked into the wild , nearly covered by the lush pine trees .
maybe his imagination was excited by the deep night here under the ponderosa and lodgepole pines , by the eerie quiet , by the dispatcher 's description of the shrill scream cut off sharply .
the pungent scent of pine was more powerful than usual , after chain saws and dozers had downed a dozen tall , ancient ponderosas , scarring what had been untouched forest .
once he crossed over the pass to the drier eastern side , lodgepole and ponderosa pines replaced the fir and cedar .
his chalet - style house was built on a ridge of exposed lava and shielded by ponderosa pines younger and smaller than those in the park .
was it the tang of ponderosa pines ?
bend and sun river have gotten so expensive , newcomers started looking to towns like la pine and angel butte , up north to redmond .
we have a daily newspaper , bend does , of course , and la pine has a weekly .
unless , of course , duane was right when he wondered if there were n't other bodies buried here beneath these old pines .
the peeling red bark of madrona added color against the brown boles of the ancient pines .
the scent of her shampoo , of her , filled his nostrils , overriding the smell of pine and snow .
the search turned up some trampled vegetation and a fresh wound on the trunk of a lodgepole pine .
vendors sold fresh - cut christmas trees , and corrie breathed deeply , inhaling the pungent scent of pine and fir .
towering pines stretched up into the blue sky .
pine and oak trees were dark emerald in the distance , higher up , but closer to the road the vegetation grew green - gray and ochre .
she shot between the tall pines and rolled to a stop behind seth 's truck .
the log cabin was nestled against the mountain , surrounded by aspens and pine and afforded a beautiful view in every direction .
around her , the pines , furs and aspens swayed with the gentle breeze , bringing to her the spicy scent of pine .
they bounced and slid and then rolled some more , until finally the suv landed hard on its wheels and the front smashed into a huge pine .
it was nestled at the base of the mountain his parents lived on , purposely rural and surrounded by huge ponderosa pines .
inhaling sharply , she savored the tang of pine and the cool relief as air flowed easily into her lungs .
there was maybe an acre of cleared grassy area broken up by rocks , but the area beyond was densely forested , a mixture of aspens and pine .
they glided over the snow , through the meadow , and higher into the aspens and pines that surrounded the colter cabin .
he settled with his rifle on the blanket bill had spread on the ground over some leaves and pine needles to make the long watch more comfortable .
a pine sapling had come through the windshield - or rather , where the windshield used to be - and impaled her chest .
the ari was cold and crisp with frost and smelted faintly of pine and fallen leaves .
she knew the tall pine thicket in front of her and the rolling grassland at her back , every hill and tree and bush .
a path wound through the pines and down to the beach where the gulf waters rolled in .
he really had it easy , rachel thought as she cut across the yard and took the path that wound down through the tall pines to the beach .
the path sloped down a very gradual incline through the pine thicket .
even in the pines she could still see well enough to find her way .
normally the path up the beach and through the stand of , pines seemed like a fairly short one , but tonight it stretched endlessly ahead of her .
he remained on guard , facing the pines and the beach , every muscle quivering as he placed himself between rachel and whatever had sent her flying through the night .
maybe when she got him off the beach and onto the slippery pine needles it would be easier .
she stopped for a moment and leaned against a pine , fighting the inevitable nausea of overexertion .
it was much easier with the dog 's help , and soon they were out of the pine thicket , with only the dirt road and the small yard to cross before they reached the house .
the rumble was a full - fledged growl now , and he was staring toward the pine thicket , toward the slope that led down to diamond bay .
she watched them disappear into the pines and down the slope , and chills prickled her skin despite the heat .
he opened the door completely , looking out through a screen door at a neat little yard , a tall pine thicket and a flock of fat white and gray geese searching for insects in the grass .
he slowly surveyed the pine thicket to the right and the road that curved away to the left , committing distances and details to memory for future use .
she pointed to the pine thicket .
` ` down through the pines . ''
automatically keeping himself in the shadows , kell circled the house and investigated the pines , assuring himself that the house was n't under surveillance .
she changed into her sleek black bathing suit and kell put on his denim shorts , and after grabbing a couple of towels , they walked through the pines down to the beach .
kell looked at the beach , then turned and stared up the slope , where the pines were standing tall and straight , a thicket of wooden sentinels .
going to the door , he saw her disappearing into the pines with joe right beside her , as usual .
i ' ve got him tied up in that pine thicket .
she ran down the trail , her heart thudding ; joe was right where sullivan had said he would be , tied securely to a tall pine , and the dog was furious .
the voice came from the pine thicket .
businesses gave way to bungalow homes set far back on wide lots dotted with pines .
` ` see the red roof just past that tall pine ? ''
brushing off the sadness and worry , she studied the green firs , pines and bare aspen trees around her rather than the taut leg and butt muscles flexing in front of her .
it had splintered into hundreds of shadowy pine needles that rained down , brittle enough to turn to ash where they landed .
the sun was down , and only a faint glow remained above the pines to her west .
three stories of gleaming , golden - colored wood sat among lofty pine trees .
whoops and cries sounded from an area of the resort grounds that held storage sheds and was interspersed with looming pines .
pushing her way into the trees , she traveled a few feet before she saw him , pausing in front of a tall pine .
the woods were spooky at night - a mixture of lush pines and nak*d trees waiting for spring .
the chevrolet clipped her rear bumper , and the smaller , lighter car spun in a nauseating circle before sliding off the road , across the wide sandy shoulder , and scraping against an enormous pine before it bogged down in the soft dirt and weeds .
if the small mercedes had hit one of the huge pines that thickly lined the road head - on , she could easily have been killed .
the boy looked at the car lodged against the pine .
michelle watched with detached interest as the car was hauled away from the pine , she did n't even wince at the amount of damage that had been done to the left side .
there should be blue paint on the car , but evidently the scrapes left by the big pine had obscured it .
before i could argue , she stepped between two pine trees and disappeared into the steadily descending dusk .
the last vestiges of light filtered through the pines , making dust motes dance across the windshield .
cold night air swept into the room , bringing with it the smell of rain and pine trees .
the resin from the pines differed from one tree to the next , so strongly that he could pick out the trunks of each one around him .
sometimes he would catch a scent of pine as he dreamt , and reality felt no more real than the dream when he woke and caught the same scent in the air .
before she could do anything , it leapt back into the pines and sprinted away , its coat a gray blur amidst the tree trunks .
i could smell the forest - the evergreen scent of pine , the musty aroma of dying leaves , and the tang of summer gone away too soon .
she took a deep breath , filled with the unique aroma of the deep south - the tangy scent of copper , overlaid with pine and a hint of something sweet , like jasmine .
she splashed along for a few steps , then ran up the other side onto soft ground covered in fragrant pine needles .
above her , carolina pines swayed in the ferocious wind .
the older - growth pines lining the walk were charred .
sarah closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of the pines and something else .
maybe he could find daddy 's power saw and cut down some of the burned pines that lined the main walk .
the soybean fields gave way to sixties - style ranch houses built back into stands of tall pines .
eventually the pines thinned , and the speed limit plummeted .
she gazed out toward the screen of pines that hid her home from the street .
she looked up at the tops of the pine trees , swaying in the wind .
something violent had damaged the stand of pines growing on the right side of the path .
pines and mossy trees jammed its banks .
the screaming started just as she reached the cover of some tall pine trees .
she emerged from the pines near hole number three , moses in the bulrushes .
he turned left onto baruch street and walked a block until he ducked into the strip of pines that separated miriam randall 's house from the sidewalk .
he stood in the cool shade of the pine trees .
the wind rustled in the pines , and zeph could almost hear the shadow speaking to him .
but before he could figure it out , todd called from the shadow of the pines .
dash and miriam turned just in time to see todd come striding from the pines holding the ugliest damn puppy dash had ever set eyes on .
` ` out helping bobby pine with his watermelon harvest , '' dash said before the boy could finish the sentence .
the brick rambler , set back under a canopy of carolina pines , was more suited to a family than the bachelor reverend ellis .
dimitri pulled over at a place called peaceful pines .
the ground was thick with fallen branches , decaying pine needles , and brambly green bushes ; the path wound past pine trees sprouting tall and thin , their stubbly needles providing a lace of shade from another sunburned day .
and the smaller oak and maple trees , which from dr . hyde 's classroom had been invisible beneath the more majestic pines , showed hints of an as - yet - thermally - unforeseeable fall : their still - green leaves were beginning to droop .
the light filtered through the leaves and pine needles above as if through lace , the ground spotted in shadow .
the exciting sense of danger as they marched upward , pressed on into the bleak crags and dark pines of the highlands , the men drawing closer , becoming more watchful , as civilization faded behind them .
you ' ve never seen a scottish pine forest - two steps into the trees , and a man has vanished from sight .
a treeless gray - green bumpy landscape , it stretched a good half mile before them to a tiny hillock of rock in the far distance , from which a stunted pine tree sprouted , flaglike in the wind .
father michael led him to the top of the little hillock , and there beneath the pine tree was a crude seat , carved out of the native stone .
the cleft stone carved into its bowl was n't visible from where he stood , but there was a feeling on the back of his neck like a cool wind blowing - and the boughs of the little pine tree were still .
and a small wooden cross at the head of it , just under the pine tree .
once back at the house , isobel had tried to teach him to sing ` ` good king wenceslas , '' but it was beyond him , and he dashed to and fro , into everything , until his grandmother declared that he would drive her to distraction and told peggy to take him to the stable to help jamie and crusoe bring in the fresh - cut branches of pine and fir .
` ` selfish female , moving interstate and leaving you behind to pine . ''
pristine manicured lawns with soaring pines delineating an endless paved drive .
the pines were beginning to acquire a dusting of white .
lush rosebushes and spiky pine trees created a mystical landscape around max 's mansion .
although he 'd initially imagined hauling in a man - size blue spruce , he 'd scaled back his expectations to a child - size pine .
ten some butts were made for bicycle shorts , amelia decided wednesday afternoon as she watched toby climb from his bike at the top of the hill outside a village perched on the side of a mountain.she 'd enjoyed every bit of the scenery on today 's ride from monaco into france , including the jagged cliffs , olive groves and cypress , pine and mimosa trees .
the large pines cut out most of the sunlight , so it was dim there under the trees .
huge pine trees grew right next to it , which spelled out fire hazard , wind damage , and roots in the plumbing .
flynn could n't remember the last time he 'd heard crickets , or the breeze through the top branches of tall pines .
but hard as he tried , he could n't see anything outside except shadowy pine trees .
too bad he was taken , though , because standing in the forest with the great smell of pine all around them , an almost full moon , and about a billion stars overhead , she had the urge to start hugging and kissing .
stepping into the deep shadow of a nearby pine tree , he started to unzip .
flynn granger , her conservative , buttoned - down lawyer , was currently out among the pine trees masturbating .
the wind through the tops of the pines sounded like a lover 's sigh .
the forest smelled of fresh pine , which was proof positive that bigfoot had taken his smelly self far away .
loblolly pines , clustered in long , thin strands , separated one property from the next .
it was too dark to see whether his pupils were unnaturally dilated , but even in the evening shadow of the pines that edged the trail , i could see the pallor of his face , and the dark trail of bloodstains down his shirt .
the trailhead was dim , shadowed by a growth of dark pines - but empty .
surrounded by pines whose golden needles blanketed the earth , and whose murmuring branches provided a constant soft susurrus , it seemed a comforting spot .
` ` sometimes i smell the pines , '' he said , taking a deep , slow breath of the pungent air .
but the granite boulder stood silent and peaceful , drifted all about with yellow pine needles , marking the rest of the man who had once called himself otter - tooth .
ian turned , looking , but saw only the dark trunks of cedar and pine , the ground beneath them a mass of shadows , the air between them filled with mist .
he observed that thought with a wry twist of the mouth , snapping off the brittle pine twigs from his club as he went .
her father ducked under a low pine and she followed him , emerging in a clearing facing two surprised women .
he reached down and pulled me to my feet , then took hold of my wrist , which he lifted gently over my head and pinned against the trunk of the pine i had been sitting under , so that i was obliged to lean back flat against it .
the pines and hemlocks murmured uneasily overhead in the rising breeze of evening .
the five of them - and raymond - had driven as far as they could ; the road that led down the outer banks was a poor one , which tended to wash away in storms , and they were obliged to leave the car several miles away from the spot , struggling through the scrub pines of the coastal forest and patches of unexpected quicksand .
the body fell , and he felt it go away from him , a rending loss , felt earth and pine needles rough against his cheek as he fell .
all the gold of the autumn leaves had faded into ash , and white mist was curling through the dark wet trunks of the pines .
the scent of the pine trees strengthened , their sap warmed from the day , and in the distance she heard the occasional gunshot warning slap of a beaver 's tail on the pond - evidently the beavers had posted sentries , in case she or rollo should sneak back after dark , she thought wryly .
she reached behind her and thrust a fallen pine bough into the kindling fire .
the child she carried obliged her to rise and make water ; she had come back to their furs skin - chilled and with the fresh smell of pines in her hair .
the shadow of the cliff fell across the creek and the air was cold with the scents of earth and pine trees .
he nodded , and leaned back , back braced against a longleaf pine .
` ` and now that she 's not marrying manfred ... '' he tilted back his head , eyes closed , and rested it against the trunk of the pine .
there was a profound silence in the wake of jocasta 's departure , broken only by the singing of a mockingbird in a nearby pine .
` ` but we put an old quilt on the porch , so as i shouldna have splinters in my backside , and the rain comin ' down just a foot away ... '' she looked wistfully through the open door , where the rain had softened into a steady whisper , the needles trembling on the pine trees as it fell .
huge drops splattered on the leaves of pokeweed and burdock , and the firs and pines let go their long - held breath in a fragrant sigh .
the man - his name seemed to be ezra , though under the circumstances , no formal introductions had been made - was in charge of distributing bowls of food at supper , and i waited under the pine where jamie and i had taken shelter , intending to speak kindly to him when he brought our food .
it was no spirit that stepped out from behind the blur of a pine tree , though .
so they had rowed him ashore and left him , watching as he strode away , staggering only slightly , into the thicket of scrub pines and palmetto .
it was hot and still under the pines , and his progress was impaired by all sorts of low bushes , creepers , patches of sandburs and other stickery things .
not much was visible from the window - only the white crushed shells and sandy mud that surrounded the house , and the tops of stunted pines .
she watched the forest and the distant beach , the shadows of the scrub pines creeping over the sand , the oldest of sundials , marking the snaillike progress of the hours .
his skin itched with salt , and the scent of the tidal forest , with its peculiar mix of aromatic pine and distant seaweed , the crunch of shell and needle beneath his feet , brought back to him in vivid detail the day he had killed lillington .
we met another militia company near a place called moore 's creek , and camped with them under the longleaf pines .
jamie asked , squinting through the vista of longleaf pines .
firewood was easy to find ; the ice storm had extended to the pines near the creek , too .
bobby higgins was indeed in the graveyard , his horse tethered under the pines .
the tree i leaned against was a pine ; the needles swayed softly above me , then settled , as though in agreement .
brianna paused before climbing the steps , admiring the picturesque drawing of green serpentine loops , undulating through a blue - paint lake , edged with black pines .
i sighed , thinking of the cool brown streams and dark pines of lallybroch , jamie 's estate .
i could feel the steady , painful thudding of my heart against the cold ground , and hear the conversation of the wind in the pines down below .
the sun was coming down the sky , but had n't yet reached the row of pines that topped the ridge on the west side of lallybroch .
the sun was below the horizon by the time the food was ready , but the sky was still alight , with streaks of red and gold that lanced through the dark branches of the pine grove on the hill .
the steadily freshening wind off moray firth rustled its way through a hillside of dark pines .
he nodded toward the small grove of pine and oak , where the sweet , cool smell of wet leaves rose from the soaked ground .
great magnolia trees overhung the gate , leathery leaves drooping in the heat , and a border of pines , meant to provide shade and respite in the day , served at night to block all traces of moon and starlight , leaving the churchyard itself black as a ... well , as a crypt .
walking through the air felt like pushing aside curtains of black velvet , perfumed with an incense of turpentine from the sun - heated pines ; endless layers of soft , pungent smothering .
when i breathed in , my nostrils were filled with the smell of damp earth and hot pitch from my pine torch , and the fainter , cooler echo of live scent from the pines overhead .
she could still smell the sun - warmed pines of her dream , and feel the crunch of pine needles under her boots .
the long curtains at the window , hitherto hanging limp , suddenly puffed inward , letting in a breath of air that smelt of sandy mud , river water , and the far - off hint of fresh pines .
the heat of the day was sucked down into the earth , glowing with unseen energy beneath the surface of the soil , the rich , fertile flatlands simmering in black heat behind the screen of pines and sweetgum trees , working the alchemy of water and trapped sun .
river run took in quite a large territory , including not only its prime riverfront acreage but a substantial chunk of the longleaf pine forest that covered a third of the colony .
` ` barked him like a pine tree , '' macneill said , a certain grim satisfaction apparent in his voice .
his gesture took in the house and fields behind us - and everything else : the river mooring , the orchard , the gardens , the stables , the endless acres of resinous pines , the sawmill and the turpentine camp - and the forty slaves who worked them .
walking through the gardens and orchards , rowing past the acres of thick pines , visiting the mill - he was surveying the domain he was offered , weighing and evaluating , deciding what complications must be dealt with , and whether he could or would accept the challenge .
no sound save the pine trees ' soughing , no flicker of movement save the faint light at the forest 's edge .
the fatigue of long riding crept over me , too , aided by the hypnotic soft thudding of the horses ' feet , and the unending susurrus of the pines overhead .
` ` -and i wondered muzzily whether the composer had walked through a place like this , unearthly in half - moon and starlight , so dreamlike that the borders between the elements were lost ; we might as well be afloat as earthbound , the heave and fall beneath me the rise of planking , and the sound of the pines the wind in our sails .
by evening , we had passed entirely out of the pines and scrubby oakland of the foothills .
the overwhelming hot resins of the pine trees gave way to lighter , more varied scents , tree leaves mingled with whiffs of the shrubs and flowers that grew from every crevice of the craggy rocks .
the movement startled a large gray jay who had been pulling hairs out of my head , and he shot up into a nearby pine tree , screeching hysterically .
towering pines and hemlocks , was it ?
the wind stirred the leaves of the chestnut trees nearby , and the scents of late summer rose up rich around us ; pine and grass and strawberries , sunwarmed stone and cool water , and the sharp , musky smell of his body next to mine .
jamie and ian had felled several tall , slender pines the day before , cut them into twelve - foot lengths , and rolled and wrestled and tumbled the logs downhill .
hearing no scuffles , slitherings , or other sounds of alarm , i reached inside with confidence , and groped until my fingers encountered the deep - ridged grain of a chunk of fat pine .
he had taken the hatchet ; i had to split another piece of fat pine with a mallet and wedge , cursing my slowness as i did so .
then i took the hatchet again and chopped small pine and spruce branches , pulled up big clumps of dried grass , and piled it all against and over the hemlock screen .
jamie reached up to take the splinter of pine from ian , and lowered it gingerly into the hole .
he was eleven or twelve ; tall and thin as a pine sapling , with a mad tangle of thick russet hair .
off its normal territory , the dog neither barked nor rushed him , but stood its ground in the shadow of a pine tree , ears laid back and growling softly .
the sandy roads , scrub - pine forests , and marshy swamps of the coast were gone , replaced by thickets of cool green , by tall , thick - trunked , canopied trees , and a soft orange dirt that darkened to black mold where the dead leaves lay matted at the edge of the road .
he pushed aside an overhanging limb of loblolly pine , then ducked with an exclamation of alarm , as something black shot past his head .
he shaded his eyes , looking up the trail , but the drooping branches of pine and maple hid everything , presenting only a shadowy , mysterious tunnel through the trees .
i heard no sound but the rush of wind in the pine trees ; no answer , save the form of my own question - the faint echo of ` ` we '' that rang in my ears .
the night wind moved through the trees on the ridge , murmuring through the pines .
brianna 's fingers felt cold , in spite of the hissing pine chunks in the brazier , and her ravenous appetite seemed suddenly to have deserted her .
jamie slouched against a pine tree , slumping a little in exhaustion .
the night air was scented with grass and water , and the breath of pine and spruce blew down cool from the mountaintops .
she watched him curiously , then turned her head to look down the twisting road ahead , disappearing between the dark pines .
in a moment he was back , bringing the bald man and the cold sharp scent of dark pines with him .
i straightened up from the patch of ascaria i had been bending over , thumping my head smartly on a branch of the pine they were growing under .
the hillside was overgrown with oak and scrubby pine .
nothing grew under the pines , of course ; the needles lay inches thick , affording protection for the small crawling things that hid there from sunlight and predators .
but then the pine and grass scent had been diluted with the smell of petrol fumes from the road below and the voices of day trippers replaced those of the jays .
at the crest , i settled on a log to rest , while jamie sat on the ground , back against a pine sapling , a few feet away .
it was a small green patchwork of pines , oaks , and aspens , set back some distance from the road .
he leaned his forearms against a rough - barked pine and let his head drop onto them , exhausted .
there was a pine grove up ahead , and the horses seemed disinclined to go any nearer to it .
the pines roared softly to themselves , millions of needles scouring in the wind .
very ancient trees , pines , and eerie in the gloom .
slowly and more or less silently , we made our way into the edges of the pine grove .
a great fearsome creature , sirs , tall as a pine tree , wi ' a neck like a great blue snake , an ' eyes big as apples , wi ' a look in them as would steal the soul from a man . ''
sleepily i followed him back to the path , brushing pine needles and small spiders from my skirt .
we dismounted and tethered him to a scrubby pine , continuing on foot .
it was quiet here above the pines , but with a steady wind whining faintly in the crevices of the rock .
as the evening star began to glow among the black pines ' branches , i concluded that in this situation reason was of little use .
jamie took donas 's reins and led him aside , under a small pine grove , on the banks of a small stream .
the sun sank below the line of black pines , and the first stars of the evening came out .
together we watched the sun sinking behind the pines , robed in gold and purple glory .
the road narrowed as it left the ford , becoming little more than a dusty trail through dense stands of pine and alder on either side .
once past the prison , we paused to rest the horses for a moment , in the shelter of a small pine grove .
i did n't miss the fact that hayes had had his tent erected with its back to a thick grove of pines ; anyone who wished to speak to the lieutenant in secret could approach through the woods , unseen .
he shrugged off the compliment along with the rain , carefully brushing away dead needles and bits of bark that had adhered to his coat in the passage through the pines .
i reached a hand out to the pine that stood by me , drops of water trembling on each needle , its bark black with wet .
one such plume surged across the trail before him , and roger turned to skirt it , making his way through tussocks of wet grass that soaked his stockings , and hanging boughs of pine that left dark patches of wetness on the shoulders of his coat as he passed .
roger wondered , grasping the springy branch of a pine to keep from sliding down a patch of loose gravel .
` ` up there , '' rabbie said unnecessarily , pointing to the peak of a large tent , just visible through a screen of longleaf pine .
jamie put a hand on my arm , and drew me off the path , into the shelter of a small pine tree .
there was a bit of confused conversation , then a shuffle of movement , and i barely made it off the path and into the shelter of the pines before the tent flap lifted and the three protestants emerged from the tent .
jamie stood still , waiting , and little by little , the others rose , brushing away pine needles and sand from hems and seats , laughing and murmuring in puzzlement .
now the air was live with pine and juniper , spiced with the smoke of smoldering fires - and the faint , sweet note of baby shit .
caution made him tie the reins to a stout pine , though gideon seemed calm enough ; the stallion had dropped his head and was nuzzling for tufts of dried grass .
the bears were still active ; she 'd seen half - dried scat on the trail , and scratches on the bark of a pine , still oozing yellow sap .
i was n't seeing the blanket - rolled shapes , though , or hearing the sough of dark pines .
he nodded toward the east , where the tufted pines were now inked black on a graying sky .
he turned back , and i followed him through a narrow defile between the pine trees .
i took off the bridles as well , and hobbled them , turning them loose to graze on the winter - brown grass that still grew thickly at the edge of the pines .
the shadows under the pine trees were growing thick , and the chickens had all gone to roost , feathery blobs perched in the trees like bunches of brown mistletoe .
i hugged my shawl tight around my shoulders and breathed out hard , then deeply in , hoping the cold , clean scent of the pines would eradicate the phantom reek of dead flesh that seemed to cling to hands and clothes and nose .
as the pines blotted out the last sight of the hollow , i resolutely turned my mind from the disturbing events of the day , and began to think what might await us in brownsville .
i was lying in a tangle of cloaks and blankets , jamie 's limbs heavily entwined with my own , and a fine , cold snow was falling through the pines .
i could hear nothing but the chisping of the snow , and saw nothing but dripping pines .
the pines stood black and silent under the whispering snow ; if fanny beardsley had gone into the forest , no trace remained on the matted needles to mark her passage .
i could see no more than the roofline of a single cabin peeping through the evergreen of pine and laurel .
the horses ' brushy shelter had been reinforced with more cut branches of pine and hemlock , and it looked like a small , lumpy hillock rising from the ground , thickly covered over with snow .
well , i think he 's ... er ... gone ... '' i twiddled my fan delicately toward the trees where the necessary facilities lurked , separated from the main house by an aesthetic distance and a screen of small white pines .
the pine torches that lined the edge of the terrace and the brick paths were flickering in the wind , casting wildly shifting shadows over the mass of celebrants , from which limbs and faces emerged and disappeared in bewildering succession .
the brush here was mostly sumac and redbud , with waist - high tangles of bramble and clumps of pine that rose above his head .
high on the upper ridges , clusters of balsam fir and hemlock huddled with spruce and pine , over the tumbled rock .
it was cold in the shadows under the pines , but the sun was now high enough to make itself felt whenever he walked through the bright patches .
he jerked his head toward the pines on the far side of the meadow .
kenny heaved a sigh , glancing toward the horizon , where the sun was slowly sinking into the pines .
nothing stirred in the cold , and the wind was no more than a sigh through the pines .
the weather had cleared by morning , and a fresh breeze came in from the sea , bearing with it a tang of the shore , smelling of sea - lavender , pines , and a strong reek of something maritime rotting in the sun .
jamie paid them , then staggered a short distance up the beach and sat down , quite suddenly , in the sand beneath a loblolly pine .
he let it out and drew a deep , slow breath , smelling of salt and pines , with a faint stink of dead shellfish .
the air was moist with rain , but the trees blocked most of the downfall , leaving it dark and resin - smelling under the low canopy of scrub oak and scraggy pines .
following mrs . crawford 's directions , we made our way a mile or so down the beach , and found ourselves at the edge of a thick growth of coastal forest , where scanty - needled pines mingled with mangroves and palmetto in a dense , sun - splintered tangle , twined with vines .
i closed my eyes and breathed in , nostrils flaring at the intoxicating mixture of scents : mudflats and wet sand , pine resins and sea air , the last faint whiffs of dead whale , and what i had been looking for - the fresh , tangy scent of wax - myrtles .
somehow , as they entered the ponderosa pines , melanie found herself beside him .
bands of late - afternoon sunlight had broken between the pines above , awakening a quiet glow in her hair that had been tumbling from its confines then , too .
it climbed sharply between tall stands of ponderosa pines , then dropped over a ridge toward the lake , a chilly blue - gray under snow - heavy skies .
the bright light of morning washed over the tops of the pine trees above , and julia blinked hard .
several pines stretched toward the gate , but they were n't close enough for us to climb .
` ` i had to watch that simpleton pine for you for months .
a dying pine lifted its branches to the fading light and she tilted her head back to peer into it .
gideon and ashby were sitting by the pine ; gideon was leaning tiredly against it as he watched her from under hooded eyes .
xavier , gideon , ashby and jack pressed closer to him as she grasped hold of the limb on a frail looking pine .
the scents of pine and sea drifted over her .
the sun was just dropping behind the distant pines , and a chill breeze nipped macy 's cheeks before they warmed with his compliment .
after tethering buckley to a small pine , she quietly made her way through the trees and up a small hill .
only a thick stand of pine and hardwood .
a slight shadow blending in with the dark shapes of a cluster of snowy pine trees - but moving just enough to catch my attention .
the boy who gets the girl never pines .
thankfully , his door is wide open , and i manage to avert a second unfriendly run - in with pine that most likely would have ensured emergency rhinoplasty .
the pines still manage to cast detailed shadows over the snow in blues and lavenders , deep navy , dark as night .
i lean into the fat trunk of a pine - my heart already blistering from his words .
in daylight , when the ceremony would take place , the curtained windows would look out on pines and ski slopes .
a cobalt sky arched over pine forests crisscrossed with ski runs .
then a breeze sighed through the pines , and ahead of them , a branch showered snow onto the path .
she took a deep breath of the cool air scented with pine , and focused on her dilemma .
at the last instant , the wheels caught and they avoided the truck in the intersection , only to continue hurtling through the bend , off the highway , and toward the pines .
the house was pale in the light , half the height of the shadowed pines that surrounded it .
less than thirty feet from the road , loblolly pines stood clustered together .
ben pretended not to notice , taking a seat beneath a loblolly pine to read until she picked him up a few hours later .
the air , warm and humid but no longer hot , smelled like the land itself : a mixture of oak and pine and earth , an odor that never failed to remind beth that even though the world was constantly changing , this particular place always seemed to stay the same .
i remember sitting with him near this giant pine tree and talking for hours as we watched the ferris wheel .
with great reluctance he turned away from the railing , turned from the pines and oaks , turned from the feelings inside him .
it 's located ninety miles southeast of raleigh in flat , low country amid forests of loblolly pines and wide , slow - moving rivers .
strands of loblolly pines separated one farm from the next , and i caught sight of a tractor moving in the distance , a cloud of dirt and dust rising behind it .
farms were separated by thin strands of loblolly pines , and given the sparse traffic , it was everything jeremy could do to keep from flooring the accelerator out of sheer boredom .
the breeze was chilly , but it had none of the arctic bite of new york , and he took a deep breath , enjoying the scent of pine and sweetgrass .
riker 's hill was dotted with pines , and in the fields that spread out from the base , he saw an abandoned tobacco barn .
she loved everything about the town : the smell of pine and salt on early spring mornings , the sultry summer evenings that made her skin glisten , the fiery glow of autumn leaves .
loblolly pines closed in as the road narrowed , but the road itself seemed to improve as they moved higher , following an almost zigzag pattern to the top .
gigantic bolts came down from the sky so close that the ground would tremble , and then the tops of pines would just explode into sparks . ''
birds have begun their morning calls , and the air is perfumed with the scent of pine and earth ; different from the brine and salt of my hometown .
the needles on the pine trees seemed to shimmer .
it wasone of two identical structures located at the end of a gravel lane , former hunting cabins with wooden - plank walls , nestled against a grove of oak and pine trees at the edge of a forest that stretched to the coast .
` ` that one'scalled elmer fudd , and over there , right above that pine tree , you can make out daffy duck . ''
beyond the yellow glow of the porch light , the world was dark and the outlines ofthe distant pine trees reminded katie of the ragged edge of a black hole .
the plane began its descent into fairbanks , and i gazed out the window at tall pines and stretches of green land .
he pushed away the troubling thoughts and rolled down the window , breathing in the earthy scent of pine and brackish water as the road wound among the trees .
it was cooler there , shaded by the pines .
there are more pines here and more spanish moss there , but other than that i ' m not real sure i could tell the difference . ''
when the late afternoon sun hung low over the pines , dawson and amanda finally left the garage , walking slowly back toward her car .
he saw the oaks and pines with kudzu climbing their trunks and noticed that the shadows had begun to lengthen .
she picked her way past giant , perfect trees - the sharp scent of pine mixing with the wind .
at the top she looked around , but there was nothing to be seen but pitch pines and scrub oak trees .
he 'd burst out between the pitch pines and was running down the slope of a dune .
in the distance , the pines and oaks , scrabbled together , formed an impenetrable scrim of blackness .
that was the extent of the christmas decorating in simon 's office - a small norfolk pine on the credenza , draped with tiny white lights .
he smells like pine trees now too , which is sort of a nice bonus .
she rolled down her window and immediately smelled the salty tang of sea air mixed with pine .
standing half - hidden by the row of small white pines that the russell 's lake improvement committee had planted two summers ago , quinn shoved her gloved hands into the pockets of her jeans and watched the late - afternoon show that had been running on this lake every winter since blades were first strapped to the bottom of the human foot here in the valley .
quinn took a step back into the shadow of the pines , smiling as she recalled many a cold afternoon spent engaged in exactly the same activities that this most recent crop of larkspur teens enjoyed -- skating , having fun , flirting , freezing their butts off , but laughing and yes , most definitely , flirting .
from somewhere in the pines beyond the cabin there was a dense rustling , and he wondered what manner of beast might be lurking in the darkness .
come on , guys , let 's go real quietly and we 'll see what just landed in that big pine tree ... '' ` ` are you sure you do n't mind that i go out for a while ? ''
she stopped momentarily , then recalled that the mckenzie cabin sat back in the woods a little off the road , back behind the pines .
just keep the pines on either side of you and try to make it down to the hanging rock .
with the defroster on full steam , she shifted into first gear and headed toward the void between the towering shadows of the pines that marked either side of the makeshift road .
cale had planned on chopping one of the small pines from the back to bring into the cabin .
the air felt cool in my lungs and smelled of pine and wet , decaying leaves .
the trees , the pine .
she took another step toward the lake , inhaling the scent of pine , honeysuckle and the slight damp in the air from the mist blowing in .
it was very well disguised and surrounded by aspens and pine .
just the thought of being able to get out of the jeep and stretch her legs was pure heaven , ` ` in that stand of pines , just to the left . ''
she clung to his neck , and the masculine scents of pine , musk , and soap hit her system .
i 'll come home in a pine box before i let anything happen to her . ''
she 'd been standing partially hidden behind a large pine .
sinking to his knees on a cushion of wet pine needles , he cradled her head in both hands as he continued to plunder her mouth .
when he held out his hand , she walked across the damp leaves and pine needles to join him .
you have mud and leaves and pine needles everywhere , and if there were any rocks under the leaves , no telling how many bruises you might have . ''
he veered off the slope and into the tall pines lining the ski run .
its only window was shaded by a large pine , and the lack of light made jake feel relatively safe .
yes , she was now almost positive that black shadow under a large pine tree was the wolf lying down .
watch her pine for liam ?
omnipresent pines fill in the spaces between the oaks and maples , and the ground is covered with ivies ranging from the poisonous to the benign , invasively taking over much of the land .
i have leg stubble that is coarser than snapped pine trees after an ice storm .
she 'd inherited the twenty - some acres of glorious tall pines and gently sloping hills ... and all that was on it .
right now , his dream mixed with the recycled plane oxygen blending the scent of lilah with some kind of pine air freshener ... taking him back to that night at the hospital fundraiser nearly three months ago ... . lighted pine trees decorating the sprawling hospital conference room , carlos stirred his sparkling water , refusing anything stronger until the fundraiser finished .
carlos guided the four - wheel drive past towering pines , branches still wearing heavy snowcaps .
he drove the car deeper into the forest of towering oaks and pines , gravel crunching under the tires .
his loafers hit the dirt road , rocks and dust shifting under his feet as he stood in the middle of nowhere in a dense forest of pines and oaks .
pine trees reached for the sky .
standing before him was a large green pine tree , real needles and all .
tony had worked on the ponderosa pines ranch since before colt was born .
he might have been getting up there in years , but it was n't his fault the ponderosa pines ranch had been failing .
when richard storm had shown up and scooped up the property , colt had been surprised and then furious , in part because no outsider could give the ponderosa pines what she needed .
but she 'd never imagined she 'd be doing something as difficult as running a ranch , especially when no one at the ponderosa pines ranch would allow her to do anything involving the day - to - day operations .
you 're the new owner at the ponderosa pines ranch , '' bethel said , and the other two women nodded knowingly .
though he knew better , colt circled around the ponderosa pines ranch and looked out the windows in hopes of catching just one far - off glimpse of brielle .
` ` have you met the new owner of the ponderosa pines ranch ? ''
he had his own fields to harvest today , but instead of hopping into a combine and blaring his favorite country tunes , he found himself once again at the ponderosa pines ranch .
one of the hands already had the ponderosa pines fire tender out on the field and was spraying away , but it would n't be enough to contain the blaze .
she did n't want to leave the ponderosa pines ranch , but she did n't know how she could stay with colt being her neighbor .
she looked down at the huge pine trees and the open spaces with no people .