he informed the crowd of what was about to take place and the significance of all the religious rites noah was about to receive .
i feel so out of place here .
these kind of questions are what allison warned me about in the first place .
but i know my place on the food chain .
` ` for the past eight years , i have watched you pine away for this person , miss him beyond all comprehension , and refuse to get serious with anyone else because no one could ever take his place in your heart .
it 's not my place to judge them , even if they have no problem at all judging me . ''
dharr faced reality head on , knowing that the world was not a nice place and anticipating issues .
it is not my place to discuss this situation with you . ''
everything else would fall into place once she had some sleep and found some food .
` ` women are gaining a powerful place in society .
asserting one 's place in a home was a difficult endeavor . ''
she would have a place in all of it that was just for her .
what place would he demand in her child 's life ?
` ` even back in high school , i thought i 'd graduate , marry you and everything would fall into place - i 'd finally feel like i belonged somewhere - that i 'd be worth something . ''
i should never have told rob about it in the first place - i talked about it in confidence once and he 's blabbed it all over town .
he seemed out of place in the confines of her little apartment .
in her elegant work clothes , she looked out of place in the homely room .
hannah had gotten bella her place on the reality television show , can you beat a billionaire , and when bella won the show , she got a substantial raise out of the outcome .
` ` your place is here with us .
not having a place for herself ?
we could still work together and take care of their place when they go away . ''
i want for you to feel like chance creek is your home - like you have a place here .
she 's got no place here . ''
chapter 25 a noise at once familiar and wholly out of place woke ned .
it was a far different thing than the way her captors had watched over her - it came from a place of desire , not of control .
she 'd come in , sat down on the edge of his bed , as far from him as she could get without falling off the side of it , and had taken far too long to find her place in the materials she used to teach him .
he had never felt as out of place as he did in dr . fitzpatrick 's waiting room .
she thought she 'd heard a sound that had no place in the house at this time of night .
this was her place .
better yet , i never should have moved in with him in the first place . ''
why had he been meeting with her in the first place ?
maybe if i listed on paper all my recent issues i had with him , the pieces of my puzzle would automatically fall into place and i would get all the answers i needed .
i was never there to anchor her in the first place .
i gasped as everything fell into place .
he is having a hard time with finding a place in our family .
he looked me up and down , trying to figure out my place in his world .
it was a familiar place for him , having been held by her the night of the accident .
` ` i just thought it would be better for noah if everything had a place right away , '' i admitted , not really sure why i was telling this woman anything .
` ` then , why did you take her out in the first place ? ''
beside the other vehicles her ten - year old car looked so out of place .
little did he know it but the man , dastardly though he was , still held a place in her heart .
mom had a special place in her heart for you , erin .
it was not her place to judge or to get involved in the affairs of these people .
that had been her major in college and it had always held a special place in her heart .
everything was falling into place so easily for him , the stars must be lined up just right .
it was not his place to criticize .
his massive break came in 2009 when he landed a huge government contract that doubled his business in the first year and by year three he 'd secured a place in the nation 's exclusive list of billionaires .
true to her word , rafe 's supervisor arranged for the meeting to take place the very next afternoon but when there was a tap at the door of the small conference room and it opened it was a single woman , looking very young and very shy , who entered .
there was no place for shyness now .
i heard about it at my last stop in fort stockton , that there 's this phenomenon that takes place at night .
` ` like he had any money in the first place . ''
i thought i had seen something , but her appearance had distracted me enough that i had lost my place .
` ` my place .
he made me feel like anything was possible and that the future could be a wonderful place .
` ` the reason i fell in love with sailing in the first place is because i got to do it with you .
at least my little car did n't look quite as out of place as i parked it next to a sensible little blue honda that was only a year or two younger than mine .
` ` i never should have believed you in the first place . ''
he was struggling like the rest of us mortals to come to terms with his place in the world .
` ` i ' m pretty sure i have a pissed - off employee whose place i stole . ''
when he glanced over at me , i was flooded with emotions : regret , hope , loss , joy , love , sadness , and so many others that i could n't even place all vied for a place in my consciousness .
` ` i want to find my place in the world , '' he said after a moment .
but every once in a while they 'd surface , and she 'd be a frightened girl unsure of her place in the world .
without knowing her place in his life , she was unsure how forcefully to protest .
no , it would be better if she built her own life , found her own place in the world .
` ` i know it 's not my place , but sophia is my best friend ... ` ` was she going to tell him that sophia needed to live her own life , have her own dream ?
` ` do you have the time to fill me in on what took place at the staff meeting or should i come back later ? ''
as they stared at each other across the desk , hunter could n't help but think how out of place emerald larson looked .
she had no idea what was going to take place or how to deal with it .
since learning of her grandchildren , emerald had arranged for all of owen 's children to claim their birthright and take their rightful place within the emerald , inc . corporate empire .
` ` after all of the unhappiness that my son caused , i ' m pleased that we were able to make everything right and give them all their rightful place in emerald , inc . '' clasping his hand with hers , she gave it a little squeeze .
he 'd really gained a place in the hearts of these people and he was certainly working toward that with her .
you ' ve done all your homework and the rest will fall into place , '' marshall said .
i understand you want some of his rehabilitation to take place in new york ? ''
the fact that she had to make the call in the first place was heartbreaking .
like , you should know your place in the world .
he took a deep breath and sat down on the edge of the bed and began to read : dear sylvia and earl , i feel funny calling you by your first names , but ' mom and dad ' feels even more out of place .
he was so grateful her mood had lifted and things were finally falling into place .
but even as she spoke , the pieces of a particularly difficult jigsaw puzzle fell into place , as though this amazing fact should have been clear all along .
here , in this place , there were no worries of the future , just sensations piled on sensations .
` ` do any of those moments take place on his desk ?
but again , nothing seemed out of place .
lila looked down at her already handsome son with pride , understanding that he felt as if this new baby might usurp his place in her heart .
she had some beautiful pieces and he could even see several work areas where it appeared some restoration was taking place .
both of them had given her a strong sense of who she was and her place in this world and she would miss them every day of her life .
you have a place in society that must be respected .
nothing seemed out of place but he closed and locked the doors , setting the alarm for the night before heading into the kitchen for some water .
` ` just one more piece of the puzzle falling into place , '' he said , pushing a stray strand of hair out of her face .
as zeke surveyed the man 's bloodshot eyes , the spot of blood on his collar and the florid cheeks , things started to fall into place .
add in her emotional reaction as well as the physical response and she was just all over the place mentally !
i can see how marrying me would ensure his place within the cordova government . ''
at least she hoped it was falling into place .
it was odd that she had n't understood him instantly since her mind was in the same place as his .
her older sister isla had accepted her role as a female in their country but zarah had always rebelled against their place .
she prompted , raising one eyebrow inquiringly , hoping to put him in his place for being so contradictory .
there was no place for anything between the two of them .
she 'd date men in the past but had never been kissed to the point where she lost all sense of time and place .
but right now , everything that had taken place yesterday felt like a nightmare , a prank that would leave her the laughingstock of the company .
although it took place entirely in italian , the number of times domenico hissed out ' papa ' was clue enough of the identity of the person on the other end of the line .
sometimes , i wonder if he was right in the first place .
` ` i do n't know ... maybe it 's really just because i feel so out of place here .
if my job interview was anything to go by , my rainbow assortment of dresses and three - pieces would have no place in kastein inc . ` ` are you sure the last skirt you bought wo n't violate your workplace 's dress code ? ''
but when i did hear him say it , my world - which had been revolving in an uneven degree for quite some time - found its rightful place back .
he was a little sad but he 'd tried , because daisy had been the one to encourage him to date in the first place .
but the place he was in right now , the place he 'd most likely forever be , was no place for her .
she had to remind him of why they 'd gotten married in the first place .
` ` it 's not my place to tell .
` ` there is always a place for good men like you in the world . ''
again , he felt as out of place as a beer at a wine tasting .
he wore suits and lived in a buttoned - down world where whimsy and imagination had no place .
the one spot in the world where she felt as if she 'd carved out a place for herself .
old hurts , old resentments had no place in this room and nowhere to go even if he had let them take the forefront in his mind .
cape cod style , it looked distinctly out of place in southern california , but it was the most beautiful house jenna had ever seen .
she had no place here .
is your place in new york like this one ? ''
the cancer was still gone and life was falling into place so perfectly that damon doubted he could have been happier .
` ` ... i want ... .more ... '' i do n't know what i meant by that , my emotions are all over the place .
my place was with this man , next to him , wherever we made our own paradise .
of course i did n't voice out , but one by one , the pieces will fall into place and she will be sharing this dream with me .
sorry , things have been so out of order and my mind is all over the place .
if i gave up my place , i would have no place to hide .
once again dressed in his own clothes , gabe looked out of place in her tiny apartment .
she should ' ve refused his invitation in the first place .
he quickly built his world around her , but she learned fast that being put on a pedestal was a lonely , frightening place .
` ` you 'll find your place . ''
she was scared , and he hated that some faceless menace had tormented her into this place of fear and distrust .
he blinked in the darkness , attempting to shake himself from the hazy place between dreaming and waking .
the fluffy guy held a big place in devon 's heart , and he 'd do anything to make her happy .
it looked wildly out of place in this shitty neighborhood .
every time i saw it , i blinked at how out of place it looked in our crapartment .
she 'd built a wall around herself , and just when he thought he was close to claiming a place in her heart - she shut the door on him .
the puzzle pieces of his future were starting to fall into place .
the one thing he did know was there was no place for madeleine in this scenario .
perhaps she 'd never intended to write a story about him and the family in the first place .
` ` i would simply like to carve out my own place in this world . ''
she should never have let herself get mixed up with him in the first place .
then everything kirsty had said fell into place , and i knew i could n't give up , because she 'd believed that i was right for you too .
there was no place in her future for a man who only wanted to use her , particularly when that man could hurt her as blaize callagan could .
he had n't meant to belittle her place in his life , and he understood why she had felt no deep commitment coming from him , but having his child without his knowledge ... that was so big a hit at the kind of man he was , quin was still trying to come to terms with it .
to deny him a place at this point in time was being deliberately obstructive to any new beginning .
he might have thought of it like that before he 'd known about zack , but this baby in his arms made a world of difference , and tess , having given birth to his son , took a far more special place in his life , as well .
her pulse skipped haphazardly at this evidence that jake had n't simply wiped her out of his life as she 'd thought he might , his ego smarting at her bold and abrupt departure from the place he 'd put her in .
he could n't blame her for not believing she held a uniquely special place in his mind .
' your place , ' she repeated , her eyes glittering a fierce challenge over the heat in her cheeks .
to lucy , dinner with his mother seemed to take place on two levels .
she was n't aware of moving her body to meet his , of clinging to him , of basking in the heat he generated , the strength emanating from him , surrounding her , cocooning her in a place that felt safe and right .
her last client of the day noticed it , too - so totally out of place in this neighbourhood .
the crowd on the terrace was in its usual uproar but she simply sat quietly , and peter had the uneasy feeling her mind had slipped to another place and she was there by herself , not with him or anyone else .
his gaze lifted but the dark frown returned , as though he was pulling his wandering mind back from a place he found particularly vexatious .
it was simply too foolish to entertain any hope at all that there could be any real place for her in his world .
isabella rossini has not occupied any place in your family all these years and that is n't about to change because you suddenly want it to . '
his family had lived there but when he 'd lost them he 'd emigrated to australia , and venice was a place in the past for him .
' well , it 's not my place to shut her out of your life .
her mother , of course , had been railing against the black - sheep son 's right to get anything , almost convincing herself that yesterday 's scene at the funeral had just been a brazen front , a vengeful slap in the face for denying him a place with the family .
but what was their place now ?
` ` i think you ' ve been very conscious of the fact that i was not allowed any place at the yarramalong property and did n't think it was right .
daisy could hardly believe there was nothing out of place in any of these rooms .
let him think she was married and there was no possible place for him in her life .
a place for everything and everything in its place .
each one of us has a personal siren summoned from some demonic place , who enters our lives in the most mundane way , leads us to the very edge , and sings as we fall to our destruction .
vulnerability has no place in the world of gaudy wealth .
this is the magic staircase by which he can climb back from whatever dark place he has been in .
i watch the water running and realize that the large ceramic sink is totally out of place in this state - of - the - art apartment .
i guess mentally each one had switched off , and taken her mind to a different place .
' what is this place ? '
and yet ... keira held his hand a little tighter as if she could read his thoughts and was subtly trying to hold him here , to this place .
her place in the world .
so he lowered his voice , tried to force a smile into place and said , ` ` look , you surprised me .
women who looked at him and saw a successful man , sure of himself and his own place in the world .
at the moment , jefferson thought , there was no place for him there .
he thought about the feel of her skin , the taste of her mouth , the heady sensation of claiming her body with his and told himself that maybe chaos had its place .
now that the situation was resolved , there was no place for him here .
tanner pulled her into his arms and held her tightly , finally feeling his life slide into place .
` ` what was it about him that attracted you in the first place ? ''
after the way you and dave left things , i ' m still not sure why you hired me in the first place . ''
this was her place in the world , and she knew every square inch of it .
she did n't have a place in griffin 's life .
but for now , it was enough to have a place in his bed .
those wide eyes and happy smiles had sucked him right in and now the boy had carved a place for himself in griffin 's heart .
but those thoughts and the millions of others that would no doubt torment her for years to come had no place here now .
he looked out of place in her bright , sage - green kitchen with its yellow cabinets and old scarred floors .
but there was no place for him here in this tiny house with a family .
if she was really daisy saxon , then there was no place for her here .
she 'd found her place in the world , found the one man she wanted above all others and she did n't want to lose any of it .
his admission struck her tender heart and made it ache a little , for jenny knew better than most how humiliating and painful it is to feel out of place amidst those very people one most wants to be accepted by .
` ` from the three words that blond giant over there allotted me , i gather that i ' m to be taken with you to bear witness to the inevitable inquiry that is bound to take place on the matter of whether you are well and truly married .
anne watched the two of them , her smile filled with joy , for whitney now occupied the place in edward 's heart , and hers , that would have been their own daughter 's .
` ` paul sevarin is hard put to hold his own place together , '' martin snorted .
with sudden , heartbreaking clarity , all the pieces of the bizarre puzzle fell into place , presenting the whole gruesome picture , complete in every profane detail .
love was a silly , romantic notion that had no place in his life .
paul was meant to be her husband ; that place in her heart , in her life , had long ago been set aside for him and only him .
clayton led her to the altar , to her place beside him , the place that would be hers for all eternity .
clayton taught her in the first weeks of their marriage that there was no place for embarrassment or shyness between them , and whitney responded by abandoning herself to his caresses .
6 sheridan had been excited about meeting her only other living relative , but she 'd felt out of place in aunt cornelia 's small , stuffy house and terrified she was going to break one of the fragile knickknacks or soil the lacy handkerchief - looking things that seemed to be on every available surface .
` ` she does n't remember anything that took place before she opened her eyes in the bedchamber upstairs .
stephen knew he ought to stay out of it , knew it was not his place to interfere in an entirely feminine judgment about coiffeur , but the thought of sherry 's heavy mass of shiny hair lying in a molten heap on the floor was unthinkable .
instead , he was determined that meredith would take her place in a long line of dignified bancroft women who 'd led exemplary fives dedicated to charitable good works that befitted their station , and to which not a single breath of scandal had ever been attached .
i guess i ' ve always known that someone was going to eventually take my place in your heart , but i never thought it would be usurped by some jock who rescued your ski .
pride and common sense kept meredith from blurting out that he 'd misunderstood and that no one had taken his place ; maturity stopped her from pretending he 'd never had a place in her heart .
in the second place , she could understand how humiliated he must have been by her mother 's behavior and the scandal that had followed .
when she 'd asked him what took place in the library , all matt would tell her was , ` ` he tried to talk me into getting out of your life . ''
the only thing that had changed about mathison family dinners over the years was that mary mathison preferred to use the dining room and treat these meals as special occasions , now that all three of her children were grown and had places of their own .
even when she heard the sound , it was so out of place in this quiet , mountain wilderness that she looked out of the window with surprise , not fear , and then it hit her .
meredith was already engaged to somebody else , and the three of them had to give a news conference and try to look friendly , and matt tried to make it seem like a funny joke- '' ` ` i do know the story , '' julie uttered as everything suddenly snapped into place .
she took on tutoring assignments , volunteered to head the church fund drive , and accepted the chairmanship of keaton 's bicentennial celebration , which was scheduled to take place during the last week of may with festivities that ranged from fireworks and a dance in the park to a carnival .
` ` it 's not my place to discuss it with him or question his judgment .
the honeymoon , '' he finished implacably , ` ` takes place after the wedding .
's partly my fault that she had anything to do with him in the first place .
the day before they were to be married , the pieces of the puzzle finally fell into place , forming a lurid picture that nearly sent victoria reeling to the floor .
it was hard to accept that this bright child would never see any place beyond this godforsaken tiny village on the edge of nowhere .
all he would do was look down his huge nose at me and say , ' i ' m sure it is n't my place to know . '
she was unwilling to admit that the courageous girl with the gypsy curls , who had pulled her through her shock and grief , might have stolen a permanent place in her heart , or that she was loath to bid her goodbye .
normally the card room was an exclusively male province at balls a place provided by hostesses for those men ( usually married or of advancing years ) who were forced to attend a ball , but who adamantly refused to spend an entire evening engaged in frivolous social discourse .
it 's not my place to say it , but i ca n't like that girl .
in the second place , '' ian added with contempt , ` ` among what is amusingly called polite society , matters that concern you are never discussed with you .
it 's a small point of pride that i suspect i ' m one of the reasons these guys were brought on in the first place .
i ' m reminded of all the things that drew me to him in the first place : his compassion , his optimism , his warmth .
you ' ve forgotten why you came out here in the first place .
trying to figure out one poor , spoiled rich girl 's place in the larger world .
then a friend suggested maureen take in some college students from salem state who did n't have a place on campus .
still he did n't know for sure so jake assumed the best place to start was the beginning .
for a moment charlie wondered why she told beth about jake in the first place .
she , like everyone else in her family , came across confident and sure of their place in the world .
surely it was normal for your first love to always have a place in your heart .
yet even though kevin offered her a place in the society around her , a chance to no longer just be the tag - along , but to belong , she did n't want it .
` ` their place in new york is more like my apartment .
he would always hold a special place in my heart .
it was the side of him that made me fall in love with him in the first place .
that was the night i remembered why i fell in love with marcus in the first place .
lachlan henry 's world is a dark place i know nothing about .
it 's her second day with my family and she has already found a comfortable place among them .
i thought it was strange you were n't going to the airport with her , but i did n't think it was my place to question it . ''
elements of time are indistinguishable in the dark place i ' ve entered without jack henry in my life .
it has no place between us .
l did n't seem to mind and i think it 's because she enjoys her new place in this family .
if things go well , this could quite possibly be the last moment we 'll share before our child finds its place in her womb .
this is a problem for me and i ' m not sure she 'll continue to hold a place in my life if she 's going to wish my child away .
` ` my parents have very little place in my life now , and that 's fine .
` ` apart from finding this an incredibly irrational fear since mel and his parents are upstanding people , there must have been legal provisos in place to assure everyone 's rights . ''
` ` what do you mean your place ? ''
but his place ?
a chance to start over , be more than a stray lost in a world she had no place in , clutching a tattered shield of wisecracks and the inconsequence of her dignity .
it saves us from wading through false sentiments and promises , which have no place between us . ''
she was dying to learn the specifics of the issues and milestones that had forged him into the man of steel everyone feared , who had no place in his life for anything but takeovers and acquisitions .
they were the ultimate waste of potential and life , and i did n't have a place for them as i faced the world alone and fended for my whole family .
` ` my sister was the one who adopted aliyah , raised her as my niece among her family even if not in her rightful place .
monday morning found me in a very familiar place : in front of my work computer .
it 's your place after all . ''
there was another girl and ... well ... look it 's really not my place to tell you the details .
with evaluations like he had , he was a shoo - in for any branch ... but well ... it 's his story to tell , not my place to discuss details . ''
another piece of the puzzle clicked into place .
back to my place of authority where i was the one in control , the one with the poise .
shame on me for making the whole thing a potential sex triangle in the first place .
wondered if chelle was an excuse to get me to spend time with him in the first place .
she was stupid for being attracted to him in the first place .
it made me remember why i loved this whole business in the first place because she 's still so fresh about it .
` ` i have historically stood my ground on the idea that romance has no place in hollywood . ''
a bewilderment at her place in her world .
each of the six shows had only one precious hour onstage , the rest of their rehearsals taking place in outlying rooms , and he 'd tried to complete construction for each show as they arrived on stage .
but even though they 'd jumped some hurdles in their relationship , or whatever it was they had , he remembered why he lied in the first place .
she 'd wondered about that before , wondered why he 'd been caught up with her in the first place .
i thought about what had drawn me to david in the first place .
he did n't bother to hide his own disdain for the woman , and i wondered how he had ended up with her in the first place .
a medley of emotions washed over me as i let the pieces settle into place .
he said it like it was our place , not his .
` ` it 's not my place . ''
he simply took his place in the world .
brian had thought that night shifts and the club environment were not appropriate for someone with my condition , despite the fact that working at the club was what had helped me chill out in the first place .
things clicked into place .
it was that betrayal that had driven her to sleep with jack in the first place .
` ` it 's not my place , but you should know - mr . pierce is a complicated man . ''
it was n't that i minded having jordan and reynold in tow ; it was simply such a pain to arrange outings that spontaneity had lost its place in my routine .
coming after my internal dialogue , her apology was particularly out of place .
these experiments do n't have a place in my life any longer . ''
it 's not my place to ask , but though my voice is controlled and even , i have no authority over my actions .
maybe it 's her that drove him to infidelity in the first place .
the experiment that brought alayna into my life in the first place .
a very hush - hush adoption had secured his legal place in sebastian scott - lee 's life , along with the abiding wish that anton should never find out the truth .
' he believed a woman 's place was in the home , playing slave to her men . '
not least the amount of interference and manipulation that was taking place in his life .
whatever else needed to be said should have taken place in private .
' i know i can never fill that empty place you carry around inside you , and that does make me unhappy , but i would rather live with it than live without you . '
' and what about the empty place that you will carry around inside you because you can never conceive your own child with me ? '
this week , the world had become a place where dylan got to choose his destiny .
` ` were you selling tickets for a place at the window ? ''
` ` has a place in florida ... '' she looked seriously stressed out .
the fact that i did n't let him , may have guaranteed me a place in his heart forever .
i had been lucky enough to get a place in a few local gallery showings .
i messed with his space , and it was n't my place .
it was not her place to launch into this conversation with vincent .
` ` it might not have been my place , but it was my job .
all the pieces fell into place for lexi .
productions is n't the place for you . ''
do you have a place in new york ? ''
i felt so out of place with all these rich people , even though some of the ones i met were nice .
ian takes that fear from you when he 's around , and when he 's not , you go back to that place of pain .
a place where we were not only twins , but we were one .
` ` i know it 's not my place , but you should know that your father loved you a great deal .
by choosing you , i wo n't be depriving them of something they never wanted in the first place . ''
` ` but that was probably why she believed she did n't have any place in your heart or life - because she believed you are one .
` ` everything falls into place , does n't it ?
she thought she had no place in his life .
she 'd ensured her place at the top of his blacklist .
he 'd kept his promises and more , making time for her , for them , always , but even better , making a place for her in his working life , and asking for and taking a place in hers .
he 'd kept his promises and more , making time for her , for them , always , but even better , making a place for her in his working life , and asking for and taking a place in hers .
even if he did n't think she was involved in illegal activities now , he would never think her worth more than a fleeting place in his life .
i wo n't ask what earned you a place on jala 's viciously strict no - approach list .
if it had been in another life where the past and its losses had n't taken place .
* * * jala jerked out of a place of total darkness and bliss to the sight of mohab over her , the feel of him inside her .
that had to be why she felt as if her essence was flowing through the ground beneath her feet to forever mingle with this place .
he had no place in his life for a woman or in his heart for love .
she has felt alone and out of place all her life , as i have .
she found it hard to believe she 'd allowed him to get away with it if he had , but her head was all over the place and unable to mentally process what had happened to her in the last few days , how her life had suddenly been taken over and turned upside - down .
she had no long - term place in his life and no hope of ever achieving that - he 'd made that absolutely clear and she 'd been singing from the same hymn sheet ever since they 'd met in sanibel .
but with each comment she made , in spite of the way it was written - or perhaps because of it - the world seemed like a much nicer place to be .
but now you 're going to be involved in something you never wanted to be involved with in the first place . ''
everything else will fall into place , trust me on this . ''
he offered me a place in a treatment program he sponsored and i accepted .
i thought we crossed into a new place in our relationship while you were away .
she , on the other hand , had struggled to find her place in the world with the loss of the two people she had depended on to watch over her .
her emotions had been all over the place as she dressed for the senior prom .
ava had been showing no signs of ever letting him out of the friend zone , and it had become more and more painful to pretend that he was content with that place in her life .
aggressive men , especially strangers , tended to throw her back to a dark place in her life , and she felt her pulse quicken as the man trailed a fingertip down her arm .
i had no business at a political fund - raiser , no place in a world that had nothing at all to do with my own .
i want to earn my own place .
i want to work in the shipping line , but its impossible when you ve taken over what was supposed to be my place in this company .
the mention of her father brought nicoles attention back to where it should have been in the first place .
he had no place in her future .
this world , this social sphere , was not her place .
a cold mask fell into place on her striking features .
i could ' ve sworn he 'd been jealous of filip earlier , but if he gave a damn , then why had n't he bothered to come get me from my room in the first place ?
i know bennett was wary of andy from day one , even if he did n't think it was his place to interfere .
wo n't that seem a tad out of place ? ''
i felt like i was being tested , or maybe that i was in the wrong place altogether .
but i could n't locate that dark place and explain that it was doing more harm than good , that i needed the fear to go away , that everything in my life would be torn to shreds by simple inaction if i could n't function as an artist and member of society .
the pink stub , the stapled and clipped form , all had a place .
except i always had this dark place because of what happened with rachel .
the securest place for theresa was with her ex , daniel .
but with her , i could find an honest place in the world .
` ` it 's not your place to argue with me , '' lady regina snaps .
maybe i should have grabbed the tin of blacking to cover my tracks , but now that i ' ve left layton 's bedroom , nobody 's likely to ask me why i was in there in the first place .
a place for myself in society .
i wonder if this is the place between life and death .
` ` in times of great danger - great cold - the initiated go into a place beyond the laws mere mortals are prey to .
suddenly , something inside candace clicked into place .
she looked up in confusion , but she did n't lose her place in the song this time .
if he wanted to have a real relationship with her , then by the time she told him about the story she had written , he 'd just laugh and kiss her , telling her she was silly for even worrying about it in the first place .
the glass - and - steel structures often looked out of place in the once architecturally rich neighborhood .
instinctively , maya took her place in the human chain as everyone worked to quickly unload and set up the medical supplies and tents .
that morning when she 'd walked into the local news station , she 'd felt utterly out of place .
for the first time since he 'd met her , he felt out of place , like the two of them did n't belong in the same room .
and then suddenly there were big hands pulling and shoving at her and she was fighting them , trying to get back to that sleepy place .
and yet , it only confirmed that he had no real place in her life .
a woman had no place in his summer , no matter how well she filled out every one of the boxes on his checklist .
so , then , what on earth could have happened to ginger to send her back to that unsettled place ?
all fear leaving him , he went to a place of pure instinct and muscle memory , a place where everything he 'd learned from his decade of experience fighting deadly fires came into play .
the restaurant with its white tablecloths had been so fancy that she would have felt terribly out of place in her simple black dress and shoes if they had n't been in a completely private part of the restaurant .
he 's convinced that will put the missing pieces into place . ''
everything was finally falling into place .
my emotions were all over the place and i did n't know which way was up and which way was down .
i 'd lived my whole life never fully understanding my place in the world .
he sounded so calm , so assured of himself and his place in life that a part of me broke .
as she had spoken , everything had finally clicked into place .
` ` then i ' m f**king my wife in my honeymoon suite in my bed until she ca n't remember why she refused to admit she wanted me in the first place . ''
but logic did n't have a place in marriage and she knew that .
that 's exactly why logic did n't have a place in marriage .
to not think about what would have been , or why i was stupid enough to believe in him in the first place . ''
our place . ''
` ` our place , '' he said softly , his voice washing over her like a gentle tide .
she moved with a sure grace that told him more than any resume could - she was confident and assured of her place in the world .
as a little girl she 'd been afraid of moonless nights ; the world outside would seem to vanish into a gloomy half world where , if she were n't careful , she 'd be swallowed into that shadowed place and never find her way back again .
the qualities that draw people in are the same qualities that made me fall in love with her in the first place .
there was no place for wild , not when she was her kids ' whole world , their only parent , their security .
he was feeling battered and bruised and disgusted with crystal , the gossip - hungry media , and himself for even going out with the woman in the first place .
maybe , just maybe , all the way to that sacred place they were both curious about that had thus far eluded them .
your pretty dick is going to lose its place in the penis pageant after it 's had an suv roll over it . ''
kendall felt herself spiraling out of the rational , into a place where this was real , where this passion between them mattered , where she was n't eighteen and stupid , but a woman who had more sense .
it was n't a sure thing , and it 's not my place to make you the offer , it 's carl 's . ''
she wanted to belong somewhere , and her gut , her heart , kept telling her that place was with evan .
she was having a hard time even processing why she 'd taken them off in the first place .
i like everything to have a place .
there were many random doors she never felt comfortable opening , not feeling like it was her place to explore his home .
when he pulled the bedcovers over them , their bodies still entwined , harley felt that for the first time ever , she 'd found her place .
` ` magnus put you in danger in the first place . ''
` ` maybe not , but he 's made a place in it i think he likes . ''
` ` yeah , i never imagined i 'd drop out of college for the thing i did to get me through it in the first place . ''
dayton has no place in this high - class world of deception and pleasure .
there 's nothing out of place in the bedroom .
she no longer has a place at stone advertising or modeling . ''
she was never seen with a hair out of place even when she was still playing dress - up with her mom 's shoes . ''
not because you berated me for keeping her a secret in the first place .
this will absolutely cement her place in the fashion world , but from a business perspective , i can not take just one campaign of this caliber . ''
kind of like his life , with distinct rules , everything having its place .
` ` the thing is , even though he did n't hit me when i was younger , he made sure i knew my place .
madison evans had bruised his ego as much as she 'd surprised him by attracting his attention in the first place .
alex was n't feeling any steadier as the pieces of the puzzle she 'd been presenting since he 'd gotten the job offer fell into place .
` ` it 's just ... you 're you , and i ' m the woman who could n't satisfy- '' ` ` the ass**le who has no place in this bedroom , '' he said harshly .
exhibitionism had its place .
not that he knew what really had her scared in the first place .
` ` it 's not my place to judge .
because as far as he was concerned , the man was n't fit to step into the costas home , let alone have a worthy place in ari 's life .
an hour later , a black limousine that looked absurdly out of place in the small neighborhood pulled up to quinn 's beach house .
` ` that would be quinn you 'd have to strangle for bringing me here in the first place . ''
instead of reassuring her about her place in her family , the reunion had left her feeling more like an outsider than ever .
so far this case was falling into place , but he never assumed anything was complete until it was time to walk away .
reality clicked into place .
zoe would have no place in their lives beyond that of a long - distance friend .
she asked , reminded of why she 'd come here in the first place .
` ` he probably felt as out of place with his mother as i do with him , '' she murmured .
ever since her grandmother 's confession , lexie had been walking around in a fog , trying to find her place in the world .
for the first time in a long time , he missed his place by the lake and the privacy and serenity it offered .
` ` everyone comes at a relationship from a different place .
in the silence , his beeper went off and he glanced down , the number reminding him of why he 'd come to kendall 's house in the first place .
once again rick had a hunch they 'd just been given access to the place where hannah 's deepest fears resided , and kendall must have sensed that too .
` ` this may not be my place , but something is going on with you .
whether that was in the penthouse at a hotel , or a hospital room decorated like it was a place of happiness instead of a place of sickness and death .
i 'd almost rather be caught unaware than be in the emotional place i was .
i was going to see him tomorrow for dinner , so it was a bit unusual that he was calling me and my mind went immediately to a dark place .
i had a moment of bliss picturing myself in my mother 's place and lucah in my father 's .
there 's not a single thing out of place .
i just figured it was n't my place to warn her off when we are n't technically in a relationship . ''
he needed that distance , that special place where only he went , that place that nothing or no one could taint .
he needed that distance , that special place where only he went , that place that nothing or no one could taint .
and that 's when everything clicked into place .
her words and expressions are starting to fall into place .
i ' ve trained my entire life for this position , and no one will stop me from getting it exactly right , especially not some bird brain , barely - graduated american midwesterner who does n't know her place in the chain of command .
the double meaning i ' m assigning to his words makes me wonder if i should be regretting my decision to come up with this plan in the first place .
he seemed to have a much stronger opinion than i did about what our place in this world was .
` ` you have no place in here and now business ! ''
` ` i do not know that it is our place . ''
` ` perhaps it is not our place , but she is their mother .
but again , i ask if it is our place to share .
they have no place here with you and me .
i knew i was dead , so a piece of my barely functioning brain had apparently decided that manners had no place in my life anymore ; they were too much effort when i was so focused on how much pain was going to be involved in my passing .
with the threat of pixelation removed , in no small part due to incredible sacrifices made by both his wife and himself , i 'd say he 's earned his place at our table . ''
but eventually , when all you do is retreat , you lose any place you can call home ; no place is a safe place anymore .
he might feel passionately about his place in the world versus the humans ' , and he might want to do what was best for everyone in his mind , but knowing that leck had tortured me and enjoyed it , and knowing that leck was right there next to malena when she tried to kill both of us , ben should n't have been trusting him or collaborating with him on anything more threatening than choosing a halloween costume .
friendship has no place in our world . ''
it was going to be a long day , and yes , he 'd be having a talk with jewell about her place in his life , but right now he just did n't have the time .
it 's your place , '' she said grudgingly .
neil 's actions with me in my time of need cemented his place in our family for good .
i floated away to a place where thinking was not possible , nor important .
and was left wondering why a man like him had noticed me in the first place .
i feel things with you - emotions and ideas and dreams ; a deep understanding that brings me to a place i never thought i 'd find with another person .
dr . roswell helped me , and finding my place in the world helped too .
some punishment will have to be delivered in order to restore the balance of things to their rightful place in the world .
as i felt the pressure build i let myself go to that perfect place of ecstasy , pinned beneath ethan 's body , which was burrowed in mine , his blue eyes just inches above me .
ethan 's dark place was still as mysterious to me as it had ever been .
and his instincts were dead - on , so when he said he did n't know , that meant things were still falling into place .
i closed my eyes and breathed , bringing myself to a place where i could go forward , and then i heard ethan 's methodical voice softly through the door .
i smoked and thought , my mind going back to a place i 'd not been to for a long time .
ethan would n't talk about his smoking much - or his dark place with me .
my ethan was certainly in his dark place right now , and it utterly broke my heart to see him this way .
this was my place in the world now .
there was no place in this moment for anything ugly tonight .
brynne knew more about my dark place than anyone else , but at the same time , i could n't bring her into it any further than i already had .
there was no place here for anything ugly tonight .
the place where i returned to when i needed the leveling down from the demonic tortures living in my subconscious .
the ultimate prize in intimacy with the person i loved , bringing me to a place of nirvana with her .
if i spoke of it , i 'd go numb , freezing back in time to that place , hearing those voices , smelling the piss , and puke , and shit , feeling the cold , seeing the knife and the ... rivers of blood .
my first step toward accountability in dealing with my problems would lead me to the same place as her .
for so long i 'd understood my dark place for what it was .
but , james , what the hell were you doing coming on to him in the first place ?
they had no place between us .
i drew in a deep breath , the kind that was intended to remind myself why i 'd come to this party in the first place .
i felt warm and safe and complete , as if i 'd been living my life with a piece missing , and now that i 'd found tyler , everything clicked into place .
as if i merely had to break this man for all the mismatched pieces of my own life to fall into place with cole right there at the center .
hell , you ' ve clicked into place .
to take me away from myself and bring me to this place that we share , a place where there is only nikki and damien and the pleasure we find in each other .
to take me away from myself and bring me to this place that we share , a place where there is only nikki and damien and the pleasure we find in each other .
later , we spoon together , drifting in that place that is neither sleep nor wakefulness .
i remember the shadows i had seen on his face when we had talked about leaving the resort , and everything falls into place .
i need to be in work - mode now ; damien stark has no place in my head .
everything clicks into place .
i 'd survived , but the scar now acts as a hideous reminder of the emotional damage that had put it there in the first place .
bruce has soothed my embarrassment , but i ' m still irritated that giselle knew my identity in the first place .
because he is the one who pushed me over that edge in the first place .
i am somewhere in that place between buzzed and wasted , and i feel every beat of the loud music reverberating through me .
it was all new , every second with her , but it felt so right that it instantly found a place in my life , as though it was not something new at all , but rather a lost thing i 'd found , like rereading an old book that i 'd completely forgotten was my absolute favorite .
whatever it was , something had changed and important pieces of my life were shifting into place .
i respect your role in her life , and i 'd like to begin to earn my own place there , as well , because i ' m not planning to go anywhere .
personal remarks had no place on the job , right in the middle of bullets flying and bombs going off , but here , though , it was not only appropriate but the right thing to do .
like donovan , he had a special place in his heart for children .
edge murmured from his place on eden 's other side .
` ` you have a place in turks and caicos ? ''
i dozed in the warm , drowsy place of not - quite sleep , enjoying - loving - the feel of his huge , hard body behind mine , sheltering me , heating me .
but he never spoke of it , and it 's not my place to ask . ''
which of course begged the question as to why he 'd told me in the first place .
` ` night , '' donny said , a look of confusion on his face as he watched the tall figure of his boss stalk up to the main house with a brisk , purposeful stride and tense posture that looked entirely out of place , considering vic 's former mellow mood .
her eyes scoured his face , entreating him to respond from some place other than anger .
she entered a magical place .
it looked woefully out of place in these surroundings .
the institute has been a place of healing for our relationship with our grandson as well as for helen , '' she said , giving dr . epstein a grateful smile , even though her eyes remained sad .
` ` if i do n't have a place in ian 's life , how can i take a place in his damn company ? ''
` ` if i do n't have a place in ian 's life , how can i take a place in his damn company ? ''
but it was a dream he needed to awaken from if he ever wanted to find his rightful place in it .
his rightful place .
` ` at first , i thought kam was nervous about these meetings because he felt out of place , like an outsider .
she could n't comprehend why mother felt so out of place , when grandmamma militantly embraced it and loved the life she built for herself here . ''
he wanted her for his business and so he 'd forced a physical relationship in order to secure his place in her life ?
` ` my wife knows her place , and knows better than to question what i want .
but he 'd see that as a sign of weakness , and weakness had no place in his poker circuit .
in that span of silence , she sensed all the reasons why he 'd come to see her in the first place .
even now , dressed so casually and standing there in this beach cottage , cash took up all the space in the room and made me feel slightly out of place in my work clothes that made me seem more like his secretary than his lover or girlfriend , whichever i was .
instantly , i felt out of place in my own home .
i got the girl , and i ' m getting your car and your place in this club .
but then he showed up at my apartment to ask me to return to the job after that mika mess , full of apologies and willing to give lola her rightful place among the staff , and it began to be harder to see him in such an entirely negative light .
maybe that was my place in this world .
i knew who i was and what my place in the world was .
doing a great job would help him in some small way , and that made me feel like i deserved that rightful place next to him .
the author was a quiet woman who seemed out of place at her own event , but i was able to get her to laugh at a story i told when it was just tristan and the two of us , and by the time the night had ended , i could honestly say i 'd had a good time .
why had he wanted someone like me in the first place ?
` ` remember your place in this , chase .
his mention of my place in brooklyn surprised me .
i hated him because he had a place in her mind .
i 'd lost part of myself in this place , the one part that i could n't live without .
i know it 's not my place to say so , nina , but your ex - boyfriend is a scammer . ''
the little boy could n't have been more than six or seven , and he wore dress clothes , which looked completely out of place on him .
` ` ah sir , there seems to be some sort of altercation taking place in the residence should we intervene ? ''
her excitement almost made me forget why we were here in the first place .
` ` of course , but i ' m supposed to , is n't it the woman 's place to do those things ?
he 'd always have a place in our lives because of the sacrifice , plus his being here was just what she needed and i was grateful .
` ` or a woman 's place inside one , '' courtney adds .
but now , it feels like her place in the world .
chivalry and manners have no place in outlaw bars and brothels .
her eyes strayed to her desk , wondering if something had been out of place that would make him this furious , but all the contracts were still stacked where she 'd left them .
he was the one who had made the stupid decision to share her in the first place .
it all began to click into place and she groaned inwardly .
i ' m all over the place and this is not healthy for me or for my business .
` ` you could n't have ... '' my head throbbed as everything came into place .
` ` and , as for the wedding , since we are pressed with time , do you have any reservations for it taking place at the registrar 's office in westminster ? ''
i knew it was an illusion , but i wanted a few moments more without being reminded of what had brought me here in the first place .
you need to know your place . ''
why he wanted me in the first place was beyond me .
when he was inside me it was as though all the pieces of the puzzle had finally fallen into place .
the more my memory was jogged into place the more the fear of what was to come tried to paralyse me .
sam felt very out of place .
it immediately slunk back below his belly , and his gut popped back out , taking its rightful place in the world .
it certainly had n't proved that dalton had any special place in tierney 's heart , or that tierney ached for dalton the way dalton did for him .
maybe that 's part of what attracted me to tristan in the first place .
it was a word that seemed out of place in his vernacular .
our bodies slid past the valleys of doubt and the shadow of fear into a place so filled with light that it warmed away all angles .
the room is huge , with stadium - style seating and a screen so large i wonder how they managed to get it in here in the first place .
the real question , though , is why he would send such a letter in the first place .
i feel a little out of place among these people , even though i ' m sure none of them will spare me a second glance .
i suppose it 's my fault that he attacked me in the first place ? ''
the place he needs to put from his mind , if he 's going to make it through this with his sanity intact .
i want to remind him that he 's been through a lot as well , that he does n't have to make excuses for her , but i know it 's not my place .
not that i 'd know what the hell i was doing in the first place .
and where did i get off , getting off while my mother , the sole reason i 'd done this in the first place , was lying at home in her bed , probably dying ?
talking to my parents reminded me of the reason i had been so hell - bent on doing it in the first place .
` ` obviously you forgot your place in this relationship , delaine , and you must now be punished like the little brat that you are . ''
noah , i know it 's not my place to ask , but what the hell ? ''
` ` you 're right , it 's not your place to ask , '' i said , suddenly losing my appetite .
she had probably told me more than she was supposed to in the first place .
something was very much out of place .
i propped myself up and looked down at him , still amazed that he was there in the first place .
i supposed it made sense that david had introduced him to it in the first place .
i do n't want to hear it , nor is it your place to come in here and think you have any right to my business , personal or otherwise . ''
i knew right then why i had agreed to this whole contract in the first place .
` ` but that 's not your place , '' i said , anger welling up .
his world did n't have a place for me and my world currently did n't have a foundation .
` ` instead of being so keen on saving everyone , maybe look at what puts them in danger in the first place . ''
` ` i do n't know if it 's my place to push him in one direction or another . ''
with that , i kissed rhys and everything seemed to fall into place .
she seems nice , and it 's not my place to judge , but it worries me .
he makes it easier to find my answer , to find my place .
if we 're going to have any chance in hell of doing whatever it is we 're doing , of actually building something together , i ' m going to have to understand what makes the answers so ugly in the first place . ''
the moment he says that , it all clicks into place .
i thought he 'd take my side but i can see the cutting edge is no place for a well - set businessman who cares more about the bottom line than a teacher in iowa losing her retirement .
` ` listen , sophie , i know it 's not my place to pry , but if you 're in some kind of trouble , if you need anything ... even a friend to listen ... i ' m happy to help . ''
sex and intimacy have no place together .
` ` not when i feel like my life is finally falling into place .
my emotions are all over the damn place and my need for sex has only quadrupled since being near sophie again .
this conversation in the bright sunlight with bob marley singing everything 's gon na be alright in the background feels totally wrong and out of place .
the laughter seems so out of place when all i feel like doing is crying .
` ` to show you that type of balance has no place here .
closing her eyes , she let herself drift into that place as relaxing as savasana .
his thoughts bounced all over the place , and he worried about what his lack of concentration might mean as far as permanent damage .
earns his place on team same as others .
he angled his head and pressed soft kisses over the thin white scars on her right arm - the unintentional marking of his name that had drawn him to her in the first place .
and just like that , something clicked into place in my head .
i raised my glass with hers and smiled through the sadness , letting relief and gratitude fill the empty place in my heart .
with this bad blood between them , why did they share a place on the board of the company ?
knowing that no one could ever hope to fill that place in my heart , i never bothered to seriously wonder who he could be .
she did n't have the effortless beauty that alli carried , but nothing was out of place , from her shoulder - length jet - black hair to her fresh french manicure .
` ` i know it 's not my place to say anything .
elliot held a place in my past , and while it would n't always be easy , i knew he wanted a place in my future , however small .
elliot held a place in my past , and while it would n't always be easy , i knew he wanted a place in my future , however small .
the sense that we were falling into place filled me .
i had no place here , and i 'd never belong to this part of my life again .
a place that could n't be erased with time .
at the last minute , when she 'd fallen from that hazy place of sheer bliss , she remembered not to crumple onto colby 's chest .
after i quit seeing cash around the circuit , i realized he was a big part of why i 'd liked it so much in the first place . ''
along with , there 's no place for me on the home place .
but i know my place in the mckay clan . ''
a big adjustable bed inhabited the space , seeming out of place in a room fraught with doilies , lace , and ruffles .
and channing and i are still feeling our way around our relationship to each other and our places in the mckay family .
she stood on the front porch staring at the stars , contemplating family dynamics and her place in the universe for a long time before she finally crawled into bed .
upon seeing the horror and pain on her sweet face , edgard had the overwhelming desire to race to chassie and wipe her tears , hold her close and murmur platitudes , which was damn stupid , since his damn stupid actions and words caused her distress in the first place .
india might act tough , but beneath that hard outer shell was a softie trying to find her place within a community that did n't easily welcome strangers .
when he returned from that otherworldly place where he existed only as pure sensation , he realized he 'd clutched her hard enough to bruise her skin .
` ` i ' m contemplating my place in the universe .
he seduced her , inflamed her , brought her back to the magical place where desire ruled .
but if one thing is out of place in my house , or if i see any other person besides you in my home ?
his rhythmic fingers , his sucking kisses , his confidence in seeing to her pleasure , unlocked a place inside her she 'd never trusted another man to access .
well , i do n't know if it 's my place to say this or not , but i accidentally overheard a conversation between your fiancee and ... martine . ''
back at the apartment you cried because you 'd felt totally out of place , like my hick cousin who 'd never been to the big city ?
` ` it leaves me looking for my place in the family and in the community .
speaking of dream fulfillment ... keely intended to tell jack she loved him , hoping the last piece of the puzzle of her life would fit into place .
no wonder the laccolith had been - and still was - worshipped by the native americans as a holy place .
` ` there 's always my place .
when he kissed her , everything fell into place .
everything was clicking into place but it did n't make it easier to accept or understand .
` ` while you 're contemplating life and your place in it ... do something about that chip on your shoulder , eh ? ''
beautiful , vivacious , funny , he wondered if she ever felt out of place .
he kept his focus on adjusting to each minute maneuver the bull made , and somehow , everything clicked into place .
and he would do everything to reclaim his place in his family .
the women who appealed to bennett would never find a permanent place in ben 's life .
i ' ve always felt that day cemented my place in the family .
` ` the voice of doubt , the voice of reason that demands you assert yourself has no place here .
ainsley drifted into a place where she almost could see the events happening from outside her body .
i 'll also admit i 'd probably feel differently about that life if i had n't found my place in the club .
but i want you to know i ' m serious about our relationship , knowing my place in your life , and yours in mine .
it 's not my place to offer you advice or suggestions on how to deal with your family or to play referee when things do n't go your way . ''
gavin was starting to believe he had a place in this family besides being an object of curiosity and regret .
` ` i do n't know if it 's my place to say .
even if you 're still trying to find your place in it . ''
the happy place where he knew he 'd found his place .
` ` there 's no place for me here .
you think maybe i ' m feelin ' guilty for lettin ' it get that far out of hand in the first place ?
and like before , when she boomeranged back to the dark place , she questioned whether she 'd ever really left it and if her mind was just playing cruel tricks on her .
as he donned the space suit , his thoughts had drifted to that dark place he 'd avoided and he did n't want to drag that into caro 's room .
her emotions were all over the place .
it was for the security of bricks and mortar , a meal on the table , a place in a decent school .
i feel compelled to clarify my place in his life .
my place in his life seems fragile and uncertain .
` ` lia , it 's not my place to tell you about luc 's past .
the love they feel for lia is obvious , but they are also very protective and spent quite a bit of time questioning my place in her life .
her emotions are all over the place right now , and it 's understandable that she would say things she might normally not .
lia had been a bit angry over my description of laurie 's former place in my life , but as i assured her , there was no comparison between the two .
that left lia being the only woman to occupy a close place in my life since cassie .
luck has had no place in your life , baby .
cassie has spoken through the years , but generally words that have no place in the conversation at hand .
we never should have gotten married in the first place .
he 'd withdrawn all financial support , telling alexei he could either come home and take his rightful place in their family 's organization or starve in america .
` ` no , thank you , '' she said when he brought up the matter of her sitting in her rightful place at the dinner table .
a ratty old wrigley field t - shirt and knee - length fleece shorts were n't exactly standard apparel at one of chicago 's finest hotels , and she certainly felt out of place in the opulent lobby , which was festooned with silk burnt orange curtains , dark wood paneling , oversized tufted settees , and incredible chandeliers practically dripping with light and crystals .
but trust me , pride has no place in relationships and i promised you this , if you do not get over yours , you will lose her . ''
as if the gift of the mighty war god was n't enough , ' t was also said that on his birth , the goddess aphrodite kissed his cheek , and secured his place forever in mortal memory .
long ago , he had lost himself in a painful place of dark obscurity , and yet grace had found him .
his classical features held an indefinable quality that seemed oddly out of place in this modern world .
he would be free and the earth as all knew it would be a whole new place entirely .
it was a cruel thing she did to remind him of his place in her world .
resigned to his place in life , he wiped at it .
it had no place in his world .
he had no place in her world any more than he had a place in the realm of mortals .
he had no place in her world any more than he had a place in the realm of mortals .
no , her place was in the sky .
none of them warmed the cold place inside his heart and made him weak from it .
it was nothing compared to the sacred place that the woman herself had held within his heart while she had lived .
nothing was out of place .
his modern clothes looked rather out of place in a room she had fashioned into an exact copy of the one she 'd grown up in .
it exists in a place that most humans would call another dimension .
i never really wanted to join in the first place .
she was still the same marguerite , only now she was much more confident about her place in the world .
he said that the fates joined us for a reason and that his place was to be by my side , even in death . ` `
if a skotos spent too long with their host , then it was the oneroi 's place to step in and drive them out .
kat grabbed sin from the side and flashed them from his apartment to her own place in kalosis .
so i took my place in their pantheon and zakar stayed hidden for the most part .
the world 's changed ... and so have i. i need to find my place in it again .
his answer came as the scene blanked out again and reemerged , not in his future as he expected , but rather in a place he 'd never seen before .
that was his family , and only they deserved a place of honor on his shelf .
personal views had no place in a morgue .
he was so tired of being reminded of his place in this world .
his place ?
it 's not my place to make requests of you . ''
felt the power of the primal source and for the first time realized his place in the cosmos .
too bad he had no warning for his place in it .
while she knew her place was n't large , his presence in it seemed to shrink it down to nothing .
she was n't artemis who used those tactics to remind him of his place in her world .
` ` it was n't until i saw simi again last night that it all clicked into place for me . ''
these are two scenes that i wanted to work into other books , but they really did n't have a place in them .
` ` good , 'cause you live in a place inside me where only you can do me harm . ''
` ` we are caught in the place between the dead and the living .
he was still grieving and he was lost in this nether place with no one to trust .
but it is not my place to tell you what he has done .
his immaculate black suit and crisp white shirt looked out of place in the cold dark room - a room with walls that were splattered and stained with seth 's blood .
the bright decadence seemed out of place with the austerity of the bedroom .
` ` he wanted seth to understand his place in this realm .
and the ones that held a special place in his heart .
deflection had its place in the world and he was a master manipulator .
it 's to find a place of solace in the mind so that it does n't cane you for trusting the wrong person or following after the wrong dream .
because no one should ever know that place in hell .
there is this place of insanity that lives deep inside everyone .
like a polite stranger , donovan took her by the elbow and they walked in silence to his car , a low - slung , gleaming machine that seemed out of place amid the tall grass and chirp of crickets .
his emotions were all over the place .
meanwhile , she got to keep the warring blood clan of hauk as her moniker , and maintain a place in their world that she could n't have without hauk 's family ?
just look into my eyes and know that you hold a place inside me no one else has ever touched .
um ... sir ... majesty , i know it 's not my place , but i wanted you to know that your son , safir jari , is being held without trial and routinely tortured .
his place is with me and my family , not here with you . ''
rather , i want to create my own place in your heart , and i will always have the one part of you that he does n't . ''
the only place for the part is on charisis .
alix and i are fine with our places in the world . ''
to her complete dismay , the only safe place that came to her was an image of syn holding her .
to feel her mother 's gentle touch ... and he had no one who would hold that painful place in their hearts for him ?
` ` if we go through with this , kiara , you will live in a place inside me where only you can do me harm .
he felt awkward and out of place with these people .
` ` our place is not to question the will of the gods .
and while the other five were eager to take their places as elite warriors , aricles stood alone with his reticence for battle .
dressed in the finest white silk , she was beauty incarnate and looked extremely out of place in the mortal realm .
too weak to fight it , he allowed himself to go wherever it took him , and he was sure that place would be tartarus .
her place was at home , especially after dark .
the softness of his daughter 's hair reached deep inside him , carving a place in his heart .
not until she figured out where alterants came from and understood her place in the world .
you said not to return unless i could free you of this place .
not evalle , who is constantly trying to win your favor and find her place in our tribe . ''
the man who defined style on casual days looked out of place in a long - sleeved dark - green pullover and jungle camouflage pants .
` ` elizabeth has not yet comprehended her place in the grand scheme of things . ''
again , he 'd returned to a place from his past - the bloodroot forest flanking castle helvita .
besides , it 's a female 's place to adjust to her male . ''
` ` he wo n't have the combination , and there are countermeasures in place , '' the commander said .
but now everything was falling into place , the pressure of the last few weeks lifting at last .
she 'd warned him he had only two hundred and forty seconds from the time he awoke until a poisonous mist would be dispersed , wiping away his memories and sending him back to the place of his most coveted dreams .
` ` our place . ''
she 's grown used to the statue 's strangeness ; it 's the only thing that feels as out of place in this living world as she does .
he thought knowing more of her story would be a relief , another missing piece of the puzzle fit perfectly into place .
somehow in the night they ' ve changed places .
her hands are magnets and his skin is iron and their place together is just below the surface .
her words click into place in lucy 's head .
i ' ve always felt just a little out of place here .
i ' m so tired , floating in that place between awake and dreams , and so the words being whispered into my ear sound like bubbles rising up from underwater .
at least that 's what i 'd told myself at the time , tucking it away inside the closet near his bedroom door where it would n't serve as a daily reminder of my impermanence here , or that my place in his life would end as soon as the summer did .
before he can tell anyone he 's a vampire , he 'll have to convince them that vampires exist in the first place . ''
it takes a true patriot to dissent , to say he loves his country more than he cares for his own place in the social order .
` ` how can you take him back to that place ? ''
there was a hollow place in the pit of her stomach that ached when she thought of him .
quite a place you ' ve got for yourself here , father , jace thought .
jocelyn could have pointed out the parts of alicante that were familiar to her , that had a place in her memories .
a place in the world .
i knew there would be no place for me in his new world .
` ` we just do n't know how they got demon blood into the city without setting the wards off in the first place . ''
when you die now , and return to your angel ancestors , you can tell them there is no place for them in this world anymore .
it was a church , and the reason the nephilim lived there in the first place was precisely to keep creatures like him out .
now that one of my own has a place on the council beside you and yours , you can hardly doubt our good faith . ''
` ` here is the place where the dead delight to teach the living . ''
meliorn has his place on the council .
` ` it 's not my place to tell you , '' jocelyn said flatly , and began to walk again .
` ` you never should have let her leave in the first place ! ''
venice shared with alicante the sense of being a place out of time , torn from the past , as if she had stepped into a painting or the pages of a book .
in his flannel shirt he looked out of place among the stylish new yorkers .
she always has a place in edom .
` ` but really , i think there 's a place for emma at the shadowhunter academy here in idris .
it is a place so far from the world , so hidden , i thought i could find peace there from my knowledge of what had happened to the herondales .
` ` there 's a special place in hell for you people . ''
her curly red hair seemed out of place on her chubby gray face .
` ` and it 's not my place to explain it to you .
zayne shoved me playfully and stole my place in line .
my emotions were all over the place , fueling the illicit desire .
the anger zayne was throwing off in waves was coming from a different place - the place that had been created in my bed late saturday night .
to the clan , that did n't seem out of place , and nicolai was probably thrilled to be relieved of the duty .
he had no place in this , in any of this .
i just did n't know what to do with those words , if i should trust them or even allow them a place in my heart .
i smile , finally feeling like i ve found my place , and i open the door to the apartment .
i m pretty sure this conversation is only taking place for the sake of having conversation .
` ` so , there 's nothing out of place ? ''
perhaps a death in the family , but now ... oh no , her thoughts were going to a terrible , dark place .
my emotions had been all over the place since i injured my leg , and seeing jase was n't helping .
` ` mind is all over the place , melvin . ''
i had missed him , and my emotions were all over the place .
my emotions were all over the place .
all those things our mother had tried to tell her over the years that she had refused to believe suddenly fell into place .
it looked so girly and out of place with him .
your life is about to change , and i do n't see my place in it .
he did n't say anything , but the slight trembling of his body was so out of place with him .
when he looked back at me , i saw moisture in his eyes , and that alone won this man a place in my heart .
stepping into our trailer , he looked so out of place .
now i remember why i came here in the first place .
for the second time that night , i woke up in a strange place .
this theme holds a special place in my ...
i did n't stop for a long time , weeping openly into max 's side , my anger with sofie and leo for sending us to such a horrific place growing with each minute .
from that point on , mage 's memories took a turn toward a blissful place , the days filled with laughter and peace .
jonah was the mutant vampire who broke free of viggo 's place against mage 's orders .
bishop 's hands found their place on my elbows , steadying me .
and she has demanded that , under no circumstances , are any of us supposed to go into viggo 's place . ''
kind of out of place , but it was a cool house to grow up in .
` ` we 're not seeing each other , '' i argued , staring at the half - packed suitcase waiting at my side , reminding me that things were in a precarious place with jax and me .
but he did n't say more than that , leaving me in an odd place .
not just because he was hot , which was undeniable , but because he looked so out of place in the crossfire .
i did n't want him to wake up and find his place that way .
when i woke again the sun was up , and the place beside me in the bed was cold and empty .
it had been easier to revert to the schedule i 'd often kept before her , coming into work while the moon was high , finding peace in the place where i exercised complete control .
i shove all our sheets and blankets into two machines , cursing the world for making us sleep in secondhand bedding in the first place .
with little effort , within weeks , trent has torn down my self - preservative defenses and fear , quickly earning himself a place of necessity in my life .
a different way , but one that has inevitably led to a place in a heart i thought long since frozen and incapable of feeling .
i close my eyes and enjoy the warmth of trent 's chest , fighting the dread as he drags me back into the deep , dark place .
there 's no place for me there .
not because i particularly feel like this is the place for me , but because i do know that i want an education , and until they either kick me out or i transfer to miami - which i looked into while back at home - i may as well be here .
this is where i leverage the acting skills that got me into tisch in the first place .
it was her real estate agency that sold this condo to me in the first place .
now , she 's trying to put me in my place , and that place is clearly beneath her and away from cain .
a royal inquisition had taken place to prove it , and then granny mayfair and mary jane mayfair had gone back to live in the ruins of the plantation house , and a team of mayfairs had provided them with the basic necessities , and mary jane had stood outside , shooting her pistol at soft - drink bottles and saying that they 'd be just fine , they could take care of themselves .
then we go back to my place in regent 's park and we decide .
he was alone in this place , in the dark , beside his dead friend , clinging to him now , and the other things , the things round which his fingers curled , were bones .
the building of the circle became the backdrop against which our development took place .
in the time when the taltos lived on the salisbury plain , these tribes had filled this cave with skulls , and later peoples revered it as a place of dark worship .
mute menials these incorrigibles are to remain , and they are to be brought to the place of public punishment as often as their masters and mistresses will allow , there to suffer for the amusement of the crowd as much as for their own improvement . ''
if we were bad , if we had been sentenced to this penitential place , why must we comply with anything ?
and when we reached the village , and the ponies were sent off , my mistress started to whip me on the short barefoot journey along the dark road to the place of public punishment .
i could n't make out what was taking place , except that it was continuing vigorously .
and a confusion of all sense of time and place overcame her .
in this place we are nothing but our bodies , nothing but the pleasure we give , nothing but our capacity for evincing feeling .
she needed to find her place in the scheme of things , give herself over to it , as tristan said that he would do .
i knew only , as we pounded suddenly into the middle of the road , that i was drenched in shame , each marching step intensifying it , and yet i felt as i always did at the core of punishment : the coming of a tranquility , a quiet place in the very center of frenzy , in which i could surrender all the parts of my being .
i understood what would take place .
it was not the place of servants to correct their employers ; the books she 'd read had made that very clear .
` ` i know it 's not my place , but- '' ` ` sophie , you can say anything you want to me , truly . ''
there 's no place for us in new york , nate . ''
after amelia had left to go back to new orleans to pay her debt to the coven , i 'd felt like my home was a lonely place .
was it my place to worry about souls ?
and one or two things had seemed to be out of place .
his grip tightened , not enough to cut off her air , but enough to increase the feeling of pressure that would urge her mind away from work and into the place where just the two of them existed .
this usually signals the beginning of some kind of transformation or indicates that a transformation has already taken place .
her view of wes settled into place .
but playing that game with someone who fills a special place in your life ?
` ` feelings have no place in business . ''
do those have any place in business ? ''
wes 's insides seemed to shift , then fall into place , though he could n't say it was a comfortable place .
when blackness cloyed once more , the healed maiden woke in a strange place .
there was blackness , dizziness , and then she was in a new place , in a dark paneled study .
mercy had its place .
he 's found them in this mysterious place of swamps and haze and music .
` ` your laughter ... seems out of place . ''
but we have her last known whereabouts , a place called the hall of the son of gib .
` ` that 's not your place to say !
his mincing way of speaking seemed out of place for such a burly male .
` ` b - but you said ... '' ` ` look , is it really my place to save the lives of people stupid enough to run into a canyon and get cornered by a dragon ?
but this evening she 'd experienced a twinge of discomfort - not pain , just a feeling that seemed out of place in an immortal .
' t is no place for you . ''
near the water 's edge she stopped beside a monument , one that looked total y out of place in the bayou : a norse rune stone , draped with swamp moss , on ` ` indefinite loan '' from a scandinavian museum of natural history .
it was as if they did n't have a place in the natural order anymore , so they made as much noise as they could to prove they were alive .
two the greasy smell of fat - slap layered itself over the scents of antiseptic and latex in a familiar , yet totally unappetizing smell that reminded her of her early days in the strand , a young girl struggling to find her place and her balance , both in her body and with those around her .
if she collected zach and passed him into the strand at the will of the elite , it would assure her place among them .
what did i ever do to make him come after me in the first place ? ''
i do n't even know if there is such a place other than what we make for ourselves .
maybe fate has a place in the world .
i will laugh if a seraph should slay me for violating one of their places on earth .
and yet , you have to choose to accept your place or return as you were . ''
like a thousand beetles boring into my skin , i felt the curse burrow into me , finding a place among my cells , wiggling , squirming maggots embedding themselves in my soul .
i never would have guessed that that would happen , but maybe because she was a fairy , she could do the matronly things matalina had done without threatening matalina 's place in jenks 's mind .
he still carried himself with that athletic grace that had attracted me to him in the first place .
` ` he has his place , but it 's not making decisions .
` ` if i ' m successful , i can give humans back their rightful place .
i was starting to wonder why i had put it on in the first place .
i hesitated in my panic , and then a new fear slid into place behind it .
the three two - story homes looked out of place in the otherwise institutional hospital setting .
` ` it 's not your place to draw out danger , sa'han . ''
` ` and yes , it 's my place to draw out danger , just as it 's rachel 's expertise to crush it . ''
` ` it was n't my place to tell ... '' my eyes narrowed .
i liked doing stuff with trent , but i always felt like a cog out of place .
the feeling of security , of a place set aside , was gone , and i tensed at his hand on the small of my back .
pitying the tiny new thoughts she 'd left behind , i took them in , wrapping them up in my own pain , giving them a place to exist within me until i could return them to her .
or at least , they had been , and with the riveting beauty of dominoes falling , the multiple images fell into place and made sense .
it was worse than seeing it on tv - cold , dark , and sad with chunks of our lives out of place and hardly recognizable .
no one took responsibility , but last night cormel said the attack was his effort to remind trent and me of our place in life . ''
` ` and last , if it was n't for you and jenks , i never would ' ve had lucy in the first place . ''
when she reached the parking garage , a quick walk took her to her old , beat - up sedan , a car out of place among the newer - model vehicles surrounding it .
he was lured , not to a place of slumber but to a place of shattering change .
he was lured , not to a place of slumber but to a place of shattering change .
our place ?
i shook my head , suddenly tired , hoping an explanation for what just happened would slide into place .
if i said yes , he might resent me for lying about her death in the first place .
` ` i know you warned the men in hopes of atonement , but that makes me wonder how you knew they were in danger in the first place . ''
with my spirit freed completely , i became suspended in a place between reality and death , experiencing only an ephemeral lightness .
the smile seemed out of place on his lizardlike features .
everything was falling into place .
` ` you 're willing to give up your place within the agency , to give up everything you and i have worked toward , just to save lucius on your own ? ''
maybe because everything seemed out of place , wrong .
he recognized that frown , though it had no place in his memories .
eden clapped her hands as the memory slid into place .
joy had had no place in his life .
she had n't known how to introduce herself , had n't known her place in his life , and had most likely been embarrassed by that .
that embarrassment had shamed him , even though he did n't know her place in his life .
the sun had finally found its place in the blue , blue sky , shining brightly , no clouds obstructing the brilliance .
if the bad outweighed the good , he and all of his angels would lose their wings and their place in the sky .
warping them - yes , that , too , as proven by their place within his army 's ranks , but bonding them nonetheless .
with his words , the answer to her unfinished question slid into place .
no longer had hadrenial thought the world a place of splendor and glory to bask in .
and a stronghold is what i was talking about outside , a permanent place in the life of a mortal , inside the mortal 's mind , where whatever wickedness the demon is pandering consumes every thought , every action . ''
if that meant giving up his place in the heavens , so be it .
an argument took place in her mind , common sense warring with her love for zacharel .
gloriously golden wings arched proudly , a testament to his exalted place in their world .
once again she had a place of honor .
if necessary , she would fight for her place in his life .
he 'd even read her fairy tales to teach her that the world was a place of magic and endless possibilities , a place where nobody - not even someone like her - had to feel odd .
he 'd even read her fairy tales to teach her that the world was a place of magic and endless possibilities , a place where nobody - not even someone like her - had to feel odd .
puncture wound , he realized , the answer to her question slipping into place .
once , danika had been able to delude herself into thinking the world was a safe and magnificent place , full of possibilities .
galen had assured stefano that when the demons were gone , the world would become a peaceful place .
she has no place in this wondrous moment .
why did he - the answer slid into place and her shock faded .
hell was a place she despised , but a place sabin kept convincing her to return to - to ` ` help '' aeron through recon work , the warrior always said .
had i known about you , i would have desired a place in your life . ''
yet he 'd done so , without hesitation , just so she might experience the joy and passion she craved before reclaiming her place in heaven .
that ease seemed out of place .
strider 's eyes widened , another answer finally sliding into place .
with this newest urging , the answer had slid into place .
he scanned the crypt anew , but saw nothing out of place .
something out of place .
to claim my rightful place in the sky .
he kissed her while the insects sang and the moon fought for its place in the sky .
yet he had n't been able to tolerate the thought of bringing innocent olivia into this dark , evil place .
amun would be able to discern the truth , which was why cronus had wanted the warrior 's aid in the first place .
moonlight was waning , sunlight fighting for its place in the sky .
knew the warrior 's soul had gone to another realm , a place where formerly demon - possessed immortals were supposedly to be trapped , unable to taint any other souls with their darkness .
the answer slid into place .
she had no idea how her mom and dad had ever hooked up in the first place .
` ` and where is my place ? ''
planning to protest my place in the finals ? ''
puncture wound , he 'd realized , the answer to her question slipping into place , taking root .
this could n't be a memory , she realized , the answer to her earlier concern finally slipping into place .
she tuned her mind 's radio in to their past conversation , and her eyes widened as the answer at last slammed into place .
the word echoed in his mind , an answer to one of his earlier questions sliding into place .
but , uh , what 's my place ? ''
at the moment of contact , he felt a pop inside him , a tear on his soul , and though he 'd never done anything like this before , he knew the vow had just made a place for itself inside him .
the words rolled through his mind , and more pieces of the puzzle finally slid into place , little tidbits of information he 'd picked up over the centuries drawing together .
she wanted to jump in front of him and shield him from the curses and punishments about to start flying , but it was no longer her place to protect him .
he wore a wrinkled t - shirt that read honey badger do n't care , whatever that meant , and his pants were ripped in several places .
but he paused a few feet away , a memory sliding into place .
the only reason the phoenix came here in the first place was to get back at me .
` ` my place is with you .
it had taken him a few minutes to figure out what she was doing , and why , and when the answers had slid into place , he had reeled .
suddenly a puzzle piece slid into place , and a clear picture of her character began to form .
` ` i was only four years old when they died , but they 'll always have a place in my heart . ''
dallas told me what he learned about you , and everything fell into place .
she found her place .
he would return to elden , kill the sorcerer and claim his rightful place on the throne .
he liked women , and he liked sex , but the two had a place in his life - and that was right after everything important .
centuries ago , he would have been a prize , but now , in modern civilized society , he had no place .
she wanted to believe that he had found his place in the end .
hell , he even loved the fact that she wanted to find her past , her place .
even then sunny had identified with ariel , longing to be human , to find her place on earth .
make them burn harder and hotter , take them beyond the veil to the place of punishment and retribution .
so many pieces were falling into place , and soon the puzzle would be complete .
our classes are cut in half today , so we will attend all of them before the aptitude tests , which take place after lunch .
if i was still abnegation , her comment would be rude and out of place , but among the dauntless , challenges like that seem common .
caleb has a place in every memory of my childhood ; he is part of my foundation .
and your dauntless leaders were all too happy to oblige me if i guaranteed them a place in our new , improved government . ''
` ` i am saying , '' she says , ` ` that it is n't my place to disagree with my faction publicly , but i might , in the privacy of my own heart . ''
i decide to keep the shirt to remind me why i chose dauntless in the first place : not because they are perfect , but because they are alive .
` ` it 's hardly my place to prevent you from trying to recover it , '' she says .
i do n't know how you 're getting away with this , but i promise you , you will not have a place in my new world , especially not with my son . ''
and then it clicks into place : ansel is in town visiting mia , and we 're all headed to the grand opening of oliver 's comic book store , downtown graffick , tomorrow .
and it might not be my place to say , but i think you deserve better . ''
emotions he 'd thought he 'd found a place for rose up and flooded his chest .
no mother guiding her to an acceptable place in life , no absent husband placing confining expectations on her .
i mean , i regretted the loss of jendan , but that was purely emotional , and those emotions had no place in the game itself .
but then a few things clicked into place .
my emotions were all over the place , and i felt all this aggression suddenly , like i wanted to pick up something and throw it at sawyer .
the whole world fell into place and i understood absolutely everything there ever was or would be .
but i do not waste my time with those who simply want to f**k . although , f**king , '' he slid his finger over the curve of her jaw , ` ` certainly has its place and purpose . ''
they also existed in a place beyond the confines of time .
they began to believe their place in the afterlife was at stake .
` ` good , '' she said , ` ` because as you are aware , the souls of the dead reside in a place beyond the confines of time and space . ''
why the hell had i set him free in the first place ?
maybe it was because she 'd found the strength to accept herself , her unique place in the universe .
it boiled down to one simple matter : his place in the world had been forced upon him with no end in sight .
` ` are you speaking of my place in the universe or of us ? ''
my existence is far too cold a place to share with anyone .
then she whispered , ` ` i look after the souls of the dead , and they see everything : future , past , present - the dead exist in the place beyond time or dimensions .
reality was waiting for me , and it was a place far too painful to be at the moment .
he exuded absolute comfort with his place in the universe .
not when there was no shame in the truth - cimil 's real gift was speaking to the dead , who existed in a place beyond the confines of time , an equally powerful gift .
and she 'd left it all because maax had convinced her that the future would be a safe place .
and come to think of it , hell is a fictitious place .
ashli 's mind broke away as if beckoned to some unknown place , a place of comfort and without pain .
ashli 's mind broke away as if beckoned to some unknown place , a place of comfort and without pain .
` ` the dead exist in a place beyond the confines of time .
i mean , it was the right place , but not a place that could help me .
although , i never would have needed your help if you had n't sent me to that stupid party in the first place . ''
` ` it 's my way of saying i should never have been an ass**le in the first place , '' he admitted and i felt the knot in my stomach begin to loosen .
if you have that foundation of trust , then the rest falls into place naturally , '' dr . cary said .
sometimes i really wondered why i bothered seeking their approval in the first place .
i was still trying to figure out my place in this group of girls and did n't want to rock the boat .
i still felt a little out of place in chi delta at times .
the new girls had been excited and their enthusiasm reminded me of why i had joined chi delta in the first place .
they looked like they belonged together and i had no place in that pretty little picture .
i was on the couch , my normal place of occupancy over the last few days .
that if that was the sort of person i chose to spend my time with , then i could n't be trusted to make reasonable decisions and maybe college was n't the place for me .
particularly when he was making it his mission to remind me of why i had fallen in love with him in the first place .
i had never expected that the one person i had declared to have no place in my life , to be my one great regret , to fit so perfectly into my existence that it was as though he had always been there .
god , what kind of person was i that while my dad was dying , i was screwing the guy who up until yesterday , i was determined had no place in my life ?
but the sun does shine on the wicked and mean you licked all my tears scraped my heart clean together we are more than the sum of it all mighty shall stand while the weak shall fall my mistakes almost ruined the place i belong beside you , behind you , for ever how long .
` ` i ' m just not sure if this tour is the place for me to be .
i hated how much power i allowed cole to have , even when he was thousands of miles away and had no place in my world .
` ` when we were in raleigh , '' gracie admitted and it all clicked into place .
he could have carved out any place within the social hierarchy that he wanted .
dear lord , his moods were all over the place right now .
using that amazing sensitivity that was always there just below the surface to remind me of why i loved him so much in the first place .
there just was n't a place for it in my heart at that moment .
i felt like things were starting to all fall into place .
once she said that , it all clicked into place and i knew without a shadow of a doubt that i wanted her .
i nodded my head and tucked my journal under my arm as i headed back to my room , feeling like things were clicking into place .
for a guy who struggled with finding his place in the world , standing next to maggie , i understood one thing on a very fundamental level .
they had no place in the world i was building for myself .
erin was the one person i could talk to openly about it ; she was the one who helped us understand what it was in the first place .
even though it had been hard revisiting all of our issues , we had come to the place where our questions were answered , and we were confident about our future .
it was if we had been taken to another realm , to a place where only the two of us existed .
those destructive thoughts and words had no place in me because i knew he would take me over her , over anyone else .
i watched my husband , this beautiful man , his eyes drawing me deep into the currents that flowed where our souls met , to the place where we were healed , to the place where we were free .
i watched my husband , this beautiful man , his eyes drawing me deep into the currents that flowed where our souls met , to the place where we were healed , to the place where we were free .
the child 's laughter drifted along the breeze , brushed across william 's face , beckoned him to a place he did not know .
what i was sure of was it made me sick to think of why she had to contemplate it in the first place .
how could i be back to this place , to the place where i sat helpless ?
how could i be back to this place , to the place where i sat helpless ?
i settled into that safety , this place that was ours , where christian was comfortable enough to put all those pretenses aside .
` ` i felt out of place there , okay ?
but here , i had no place .
but it was on a level that no longer truly existed , just a hollowed - out place that echoed the joy i once had and what might have been .
that place inside me expanded , pushed as it struggled for freedom against its confines .
without question , he 'd welcomed me in when i 'd first come back to phoenix last summer , the guy cool enough to overlook all the crimes that had sent me away in the first place years before .
guess i had no place making judgment calls like that .
like maybe there was a place for me in this world after all .
because i felt her , somehow knew she was listening , somehow knew she was talking back to me through all these words that came bubbling out of me from some unknown place .
slowly everything fel into place , the late night phone call to him when it should have been to someone else , the swol en eyes .
she deserved a man like matthew who had stepped up and fil ed the place christian should never have stepped away from .
` ` oh , my god , '' natalie murmured quietly when it all snapped into place .
she wil have built her own life , one without you in it ; and it 's going to take some time for her to find a place where you do fit in it . ''
no further confrontations had taken place between matthew and me since lizzie 's birthday , but i would n't say we were exactly friendly , either .
she nodded and squeezed me harder in return , a clear understanding taking place between us .
and i knew i wanted him a permanent a part of my life , not as lovers , but in a partnership for our daughter , for him to take a place as a part of this family .
sometimes i wondered why i fought it , fought him , that no matter how hard i tried , we 'd end up in the same place - the place where he had control of my heart , the place where he could shatter it just as easily as he could make it whole .
sometimes i wondered why i fought it , fought him , that no matter how hard i tried , we 'd end up in the same place - the place where he had control of my heart , the place where he could shatter it just as easily as he could make it whole .
his protectiveness did n't bother me because my loyalties were in the very same place .
never could i have imagined that those fractured pieces would be mended in the arms of the one who 'd shattered me in the first place .
i felt the wet soil and grass beneath my toes , the sweat trickling down my back , soaking into my dress , felt everything as if this one moment brought me to life , lit everything in stark contrast - making it real , me real , him real , the world , somehow , a place i never thought existed .
` ` so , if you always have a place for him in your heart , baby , that 's something i can live with . ''
` ` it 's not my place to interfere , i just- '' ` ` you care ? ''
` ` and you will always have a special place in my heart , but- '' i placed the locket on the floor over the rose and stood back .
and here i was , just a girl of the twenty first century , not a historian or a person of any great importance , and yet , i had been privileged enough to know such a tune - a story that came from a place before time .
` ` it 's not my place to forgive . ''
` ` then you will do the same when it comes to jason 's final resting place . ''
i knew he felt it was n't his place to say , and that was true , he had no real business giving me advice unless he was on my council , but i trusted his opinion .
ever since i first felt death in my life , all i wanted was to find my place in the world , and when i found it with this man , he was taken away from me so many times - our forever always a question - always only a hope we had for the future .
` ` but it 's not our place to interfere .
` ` i ' m beginning to see why i stopped in the first place , '' he said playfully , then wrapped his other arm over emily 's shoulder and pulled her ear to his lips .
the tables were all bare again , the librarian having finished her cataloguing , and the room once again looked like a place of sanctuary .
he nodded , his thoughts lost in some other place .
i ' ve no place going against his wishes . ''
and i let go - felt myself release , emptying every ounce of love , lust , desire , pain , sorrow , regret and longing into her , imagining my life force race through , deeper and deeper to a place where miracles happened and life was conceived .
you 're a liar and a traitor , and while i promised drake not to expose you , '' i lied , ` ` that affords you no place in my good graces , nor among a group of people i trust implicitly .
no idea why i felt like the chief in the first place .
violence seems so out of place here .
you were a dumbass to think she could ever love a loser like you in the first place .
i only hope that for right now , you remember that there is no place for hate in a happy life .
it feels surreal to hear her voice all the way out here , as if i ' m suspended in this weird place between our familiar banter and the foreign surroundings , clouded and misty .
it was n't like i was bullied or excluded on purpose , but i was lost in a way i 'd never felt before : unfamiliar faces rushing everywhere , hallways filled with kids who seemed so certain of their place in the world .
` ` i do n't know why you dated her in the first place . ''
it 's weird , but once the initial shock is over , i do n't feel so out of place anymore .
this is your place . ''
brandon arrived in a half hour , his jeep looking out of place in the line of porsches and bmws that slowly rolled through the valet stand .
grace realized with a shock that the reason she 'd come all this way , the reason she 'd even wanted to in the first place , did n't have anything to do with what happened after she told theo how she felt .
i wish i could say that her style was out of place , but from the look of the ranks of college girls spread out around us , she 's underaccessorized .
i ' m not good in crowds , preferring small groups to the mass of bodies here tonight , but i remind myself why i came in the first place .
if you look like the girls here , then you 'd be really out of place in oxford .
she 'd always been the one to corral things into their place , be it her hopelessly impractical father , wayward friends , or a room full of old client records .
she would have thought that bringing commissions and credibility to the agency would give vivienne some satisfaction , but it seemed alice was still overreaching her natural position and needed to be frequently reminded of her true place .
he stared and something began to feel out of place in my mind .
stealing glimpses between the canopy , i could see each bank rising higher and higher as ascending steps to some hellish place , white tufts caught up in their extending claws , churning them until they too were part of the monotone mix .
the court at athenea was a vibrant place , full of the most praised philosophers , academics and astrologers ; it was the centre for all deemed revolutionary within the nine dimensions .
it is a place of the earth , and for the earth , and of the people of the earth .
this insane , blown - away pleasure , the near impossible - to - assuage hunger , the ache deep inside , contrasted by short moments of tenderness that seemed so out of place .
your place is in the field , '' he asserted .
` ` and fyi , deliverance took place in georgia .
he was about to tell the man to be quick about it when a noise that was out of place caught his attention and stopped him in his verbal tracks .
he looked determined , if nothing else , and burns wondered what could have finally found a place in ty 's life that he put ahead of his job .
i '' ve certainly got no place throwing stones about this . ''
religion did n't have much place in zane 's life anymore , like a lot of other things .
but it 's not my place , you know ?
annie 's cell phone began to ring as they returned to their horses , the sound out of place in the middle of nowhere .
nothing seemed out of place .
that day comes back to me in flashes , like it always does in the morning as if ephemeral were fighting for a place in my life , as if its singular goal is to keep holding me back by way of those twisted memories .
it makes me wonder if he was ever interested in her in the first place .
clearly a sufficient amount of brain damage has already taken place .
once the guest list is manageable , everything else will just fall into place . ''
but , obviously , hot is in the eye of the beholder , as evidenced by the collective panting taking place in the sexed - up vicinity .
it 'll always hold a special place in my heart , since that is where cruise proposed to me .
it grosses me out just to think of the rampant debauchery that takes place behind those doors , not that it stopped me from asking if i could crash on their couch for a few weeks .
this is the very reason i should never have listened to tess in the first place .
blair and erica leap up and scream as if a knifing just took place .
she 's a kick - ass , take 'em by the balls and ask questions later type , which is what attracted me to her in the first place .
although , i 'll warn you , every girl on the planet has a place in her heart for a bad boy .
i know that deep down inside marshall and logan will always have a special place in my life .
destiny put you in my heart a long time ago , and today everything falls into place . ''
` ` i do n't think it 's your place to change anything .
` ` it has to do with coop 's dad , and , anyway , it 's not my place to say anything .
logan has the power to transport me to some nebulous place where time no longer exists .
listening in is strictly for visitors that have no place here .
` ` but now that i think about it , it 's not my place to do it . ''
you 'll always hold that special place on my shit list .
he 's landed a prominent place on my own personal shit list .
you ' ve earned a reasonable place on their least desirable list .
although that defunct mirror did give me a leg up in the war , and it led logan and me to the magical place of ahava where he proposed .
they glow against the ebony sand as they force us to look at them , force us to remember why they 're here in the first place .
` ` for starters , you did n't run like hell when you saw the gory scene taking place downstairs . ''
the door sits slightly ajar , so i step in and drop my bag on the floor as i inspect a torrent of destruction that 's taken place in marshall 's once - pleasant home - a sofa on its back , the coffee table in splinters , the large window that frames the back wall reduced to pebbles .
she touches my hand and marvels like some major coo has taken place .
you must come from a place of knowing at all times .
a part of me already has a very special place in my heart for marshall .
where the action takes place . ''
i knew you had feelings for me , '' he whispers soft as tears , ` ` that you held a place for me in your heart . ''
i thought maybe i could forgive the orange chunk of metal for being a part of the malfeasance that took place that night , especially since i know for darn sure it was n't the poor car 's fault , but truthfully i hate it just a little bit for being responsible even if it was on a rudimentary level .
a hard thrash of branches whip against the glass - sounds like a beating is taking place , like some horrific creature with exceptionally long nails is trying to claw its way inside .
just looking at the vandalism that 's taken place causes him physical pain , i can tell .
it feels more like some dysfunctional family reunion , definitely not like the beginning of any public restitution that 's supposed to be taking place .
that date we keep trying to have continues to evaporate into a future that does n't seem to have a place for it so we grab the bull by the horns and decide there 's no time like the present .
` ` it was a roll call of your deepest desires and now i know there is a place in your heart for me no matter how insistent you are to deny it - no matter how hard you try to bury it . ''
it was sort of out of place in my life back then , but now it 's found its true purpose as a covert killing machine .
i loathe to look down and confirm that the transformation has already taken place .
i find it interesting that it transpired with just a few odd details out of place .
chapter nine hello again a bird lets out a cry from somewhere deep in the forest , and the sound resonates in our world as though this hollow place we call home were somehow stretching into life .
it feels like the only conversation possible that can take place between the three of us .
` ` it 's not my place to tell . ''
has discussed the matter and we feel the potential loss outweighs the devastation that has already taken place .
chapter one move a white stagnant cloud surrounds us - fog so thick it makes the world look ethereal - like a relic from some long forgotten place .
i wrangle my elbow free as the pieces start to fall into place .
i ' ve always had a place in my heart that wants to please my mother , both my parents , and that goes double for dad ever since mom passed away .
but that 's one truth jemma will never espouse because i made it clear as the crystal meth her husband smokes that it 's not her place to do so - it 's mine .
you would think there was a crisis situation - taking place in my jeans that only a male spare part could fully alleviate .
a serious cerebral injury is taking place , and it 's all my mother 's fault .
` ` you mean our place ? ''
you ' ve always held a place in my heart , izzy .
it 's as if i had found a wormhole in this desperate universe i ' m wallowing in , and now i ' m transported to some fantastical place i ' ve only heard about , and , ironically enough , the portal was right here through cole 's mouth .
it 's as if all of time had shrunk down to this tiny microcosm , and here we were again , a place i never thought we 'd get to .
my dorm sheets looked like a massacre just took place , and ryder was more than a little panicked when we were through .
laney 's dirty mouth coupled with her wit and charm are what drew me to her in the first place .
after dad died , mom uprooted us to texas where i always felt a little out of place .
i really do n't think it 's my place to say anything .
if there was anything out of place , i 'd be forced to move back in with them because i ' m ' incapable ' of living on my own .
the entire exchange looked awkward and out of place as he rigidly encircled his arms around her waist and she did the same .
` ` it is n't your place to tell me that i ca n't do this . ''
` ` it was always made very clear to me in each of those homes what my place was , and it was n't as a part of the family i was staying with .
it 's not his place to make arrangements around me , for me , without talking to me .
my emotions are all over the place right now .
` ` i never gave up in the first place , '' he reminds me .
my eyes are heavy and my body is in that in - between place of numb and pain .
a place where there are no clairvoyants or shapeshifters , no angels or superhuman boys to save you .
sugar has a very special , oversized place on my food pyramid .
i wish i could say that what happens next takes place in slow motion , like when something catastrophic happens in a movie , where it all slows down so you can see exactly what happened and how .
but then i have to face that , if i ' m not a novelty , it means i have a place here and i do n't want that at all .
when i walk through the front door of the very out of place victorian - style house i grew up in , i feel home .
even addison has a place , in this picture , with my family .
it has no place in the world , no matter how often it happens .
it 's the only place left for my mind to go .
in fact , she had no idea why nate had asked her out in the first place .
but it was not her place .
she needed time and privacy to break the news to fazire and to know from nate that fazire 's place in their family was solid or there was no deal .
she 'd never considered that he 'd have a place in hers .
she also battled to control her feelings of rage that he had again , for whatever demented , callum reason , fought to win a place in her heart and succeeded brilliantly only to prove he did n't belong there .
` ` callum - '' he looked down at her and started talking at the same time , ` ` your place is beside me , sonia , wherever i go .
she 's not grown up knowing her place in his culture , '' lucien told his bride .
i understand my place .
i felt old leah slipping back into place .
for immortals , the primary concern was to ensure safe feeding but also to find a way that vampires could feed and still have a place in society not in shadows .
so stephanie and lucien had gone for a stroll which was why he could n't hear my family 's mind - boggling , earth - shattering , leah 's place in the family and all her foundations and everything she ever thought about life herself and the world as she knew it rocking conversation .
and things about this world and your place in it , '' etienne replied .
concubines who desire to keep their place as the parasites of our culture .
i was a young vampire when i met her but i knew my heart and her place in it . ''
` ` sorry , babe , my mind 's all over the place .
` ` again , not your place to apologize , '' ben said .
he had his place in the family , his strengths were recognized and praised .
` ` not my place , you do n't know me very well but i ' m going to say it anyway .
one could n't say that the ' burg did n't have its elite but there were n't that many of them and even fewer who could afford a place on the heritage .
he 's got a place in this community and that 'd f**k with his cred , people knowin ' he 's a f**kin ' asshole rather than just suspecting it and talkin ' behind his back .
` ` not my place , '' ryker repeated .
` ` bro , '' ryker leaned in warningly , ` ` not my place . ''
cal looked at her wondering again , even after years of giving that shit his headspace , after what happened , what she did , he wondered what drew him to her in the first place .
he had his job , his place in florida , his plan for his life ; he did n't need violet 's shit , her problems , her baggage , her kids .
but i did n't think it was my place to ask and i had to get to cheryl .
` ` turn off the light , '' i repeated , not knowing why he turned it on in the first place .
but hell , he 'd been drunk off his ass which was the only way he 'd have gotten involved with susie in the first place .
i loved that room , i could pretend it was our place , our world and i did .
` ` this is your place .
i reckon you had reason but you held it to yourself , fair play and no one has place to judge .
sully had spent a morning visiting with them in that pit of grief and even though he could walk out and they were there for eternity , it always took you awhile to shake off the feeling of that place .
` ` got a place inside me , '' i whispered , ` ` back then , way back then , i held it to me , do n't know why , maybe because i thought you were holding something back from me , but i never let you in . ''
he was careful not to infiltrate my life , like showing up at the bar , knowing , without me telling him , that was n't his place to be .
a place that 's mine to give him .
` ` amber is a teenaged girl who 's trying to understand her place in this world and is erroneously assuming that that place is dependent on how many boys find her attractive and how popular she is at school .
` ` amber is a teenaged girl who 's trying to understand her place in this world and is erroneously assuming that that place is dependent on how many boys find her attractive and how popular she is at school .
but then again , you were my employer , had been for years , i ' m a forty - five year old woman and it really was n't his place to intervene .
tell jake , conner , amber and ethan they held special places in my heart , will you , buttercup ?
one of the people standing around rushed to them and pushed both open and mom and dad strode through , frey and i following close and some of the people from outside followed us in while others disappeared to places unknown .
he had not , i had just grown into my place in this world and i forgot that it actually was n't my place .
but one thing i knew , whatever this world was or my place in it , i was not going to own slaves .
` ` it is not your place , '' he replied .
` ` and as my wife , it is not your place , '' he returned .
and when she left her world , she changed places with me .
` ` i will protect you , keep you safe from harm , keep you alive as i vowed to do as your husband and because your sister holds a place in my heart .
` ` the woman who uses a dead wife 's charms to enchant her heartbroken husband so she can warm his bed in order to wear his jewels and earn her place on his arm ?
in this world , all have their place .
` ` my place in my house as well as my many enterprises dictate i need to be .
` ` it 's not my place to thank you . ''
the woman who uses a dead wife 's charms to enchant her heartbroken husband so she can warm his bed in order to wear his jewels and earn her place on his arm ?
` ` i will preface this by saying that i understand it 's not my place to pry , but draven told me you , maddie and the children were getting on well in getting to know each other while you were away .
and also he would see she was important to apollo and christophe 's sister and in the end come to the conclusion he should shirk his current behavior and settle into his place in the family apollo was trying to build .
i was lucky to catch his eye in the first place . ''
in their minds it would solidify abby 's place in his life even before he and abby arrived at penmort castle for the anniversary celebrations .
` ` ooo , he called you ' darling ' , '' jenny burst out , drunkenly forgetting that abby 's place in cash 's life did n't exactly garner endearments then in a colossal mood swing she turned a glare at kieran .
` ` if she has n't spoken with you , then it 's not my place to explain , '' cash returned .
` ` i took it and then you gave me proof that it was mine in the first place .
she had a special place in her heart for the two children she watched grow up at sommersgate , both of them , even lord douglas ashton .
growing up , tamsin had been the only bit of warmth in their cold home , save the kilpatricks but they were servants and therefore , it had been drilled into douglas and tamsin at an early age , had their place and that place was not a familial one .
he would have to do something publically to demonstrate clearly to his mother exactly what place julia held at sommersgate .
an hour ago charlotte and oliver arrived for the thanksgiving celebrations which were to take place tomorrow .
after fifteen years , monique knew that trevor fairfax had no place in his first family 's life and still she contacted him , invited him there , on thanksgiving .
her actions had triggered a great deal of change , or , mrs . k had to admit , had solidified the changes that were already taking place .
he had no idea why he moved into the house in the first place .
` ` they 're a part of my life , a part you ' ve no place in , so it 's none of your goddamned business , '' she informed him truthfully .
` ` i know it is n't my place to say but your sibyl , she 's a bit ... well , she 's got her heart in the right place but sometimes ... '' he stopped and then repeated himself , obviously uncomfortable .
but he needed sibyl right where he wanted her before she learned of royce and beatrice , magic and myth , his lifelong knowledge of it , her place in it and especially him keeping it from her .
although she did n't live in this community , she was obviously a part of it and loved her place just as those around her loved her in it .
fiona followed and as she would have floated over the threshold , she disappeared and reappeared in her whatever - it - was place .
she did n't know what response she 'd get to those questions considering it was insane that he 'd stolen her passport and suitcases in the first place .
without reading it ( something which was not her place in any way , shape or form ) , she shredded every last document .
he had to earn his place in her heart .
therefore jack had to do whatever he had to do to earn his place in her heart and that included entangling her in his life .
he looked down at me and his eyes changed , the anger was stil there but i watched as whatever was fighting for its place was concealed from me .
when he lifted his head i was dizzy and had forgotten my place in my jabbering apologetic explanation of mom 's craziness .
somewhere that was a place that only women like me had .
if this was n't what he considered his home and he had no place in denver , where was home ?
so i would lose my unofficial place on the team .
it was n't worse than being left with musings of the terrible life ahead for two little boys i did n't know and would never meet but it was something that shook my world and what i thought was my place in it .
( i was going to let the comment about my head not being in the right place slide because the rest of it was so f**king nice . )
` ` sorry , not my place to say . ''
okay so hank just earned a place on my good guy list too and , as i was being so magnanimous , matt 's angry red face earned him a place as well .
instead , i slid straight into the place that knew me wel .
i do n't have it all planned out , but things are falling into place .
one can not go in search of something one never truly had in the first place . ''
` ` but , father , '' she had argued , even though she knew it was pointless to argue with a british lord without having to endure a dreary lecture about her place in the world .
reading was the only thing she could do to completely take her mind to another place .
thoughts like that had no place in his mind right now .
apparently the only dating she was regularly exposed to was the kind which took place in her books .
` ` it 's best to know your place in the world .
and fyi , hell is n't a bad word because it 's an actual place ; i tell my dad this on a daily basis .
` ` it 's not about the heartbeat , but about why it 's beating so hard in the first place , '' i said smoothly placing my hand over hers .
i glanced back at him , at his beautiful green eyes , dark hair , full lips , he was beautiful on the outside - it 's what had attracted me to him in the first place .
that was the day things fell into place for me , when the plan was finally set in motion , the stopwatch clicked on , and i finally felt at peace .
funny how one person can change your mind , your heart , your soul so completely that you forget what you were fighting for in the first place .
and then one tiny little thing happens and immediately you 're back to that place .
perhaps it is time to stop torturing yourself for something i never blamed you for in the first place .
surely she knew her place in the world .
instead it was as if he never wanted her in the first place .
looking across the table , she could n't quite figure out why she had been so against it in the first place .
she continued muttering nonsense about dukes not knowing their place in the world as she shuffled off down the hallway .
her father often told her that magic took place on birthdays - one just had to believe .
stefan did n't feel it was his place to ask what the doctor was referring to .
chapter four lies are almost impossible to repeat backwards because whatever you 're lying about did n't really take place making it so your brain creates no memory to pull from .
the pieces fell into place , why he 'd said goodbye , why he was cutting off all communication .
i smiled as one more thing clicked into place .
chase will always shave a special place in my heart , but he does n't own it - you do . ''
like a reminder , of what i had done in the first place when i 'd asked chase to marry me .
i was grinning like an idiot because the pieces were finally falling into place , and it was my family helping me put them back together .
there was a place in the world for people who told the unvarnished truth .
she knew her place with him .
perhaps there were others to investigate - that school counselor , for one , ms . walsh ; she seemed to take an interest in nadia - but verlaine laughton was the correct place to begin .
still , that gave her a place to begin .
17 when verlaine had left the hospital the day before , it had been a place too quiet and mournful for her to bear .
their lives still had that jagged hole torn in the center , the place where she had been .
instead i force my mind to go to the place that always calms and centers me : painting .
paul 's smiles were rare - almost out of place on someone so large and brutish and serious .
the school looked oddly out of place , considering the run - down neighborhood .
my stomach turned as it all snapped into place ; why everyone was there , why noah was there .
i watched him closely as he sat there , and after a minute the evidence clicked into place .
if i did n't know about the rot inside , it would have reminded me why i was attracted to him in the first place .
there were no papers on the metal desk , which was really just a worktable , but there was a worn persian rug beneath it , looking out of place in the sterile room .
but just because you 're at risk- '' ` ` does n't mean you 'll actually get cancer , '' i finished , as the missing puzzle piece clicked into place .
he is talking about the asylum , the place where jude nearly raped her .
jace had left an empty place in all of us .
a brown teddy bear rested on them , looking out of place in the otherwise sophisticated bedroom .
things clicked into place , one tiny disturbing clue after another .
` ` it 's not my place to ask , '' i say , ` ` but is there anything to worry about ? ''
i admit that even to me it feels like walking into a prison though i have n't been the one confined in this place .
i ask , my eyes scanning the rest of the den for anything else out of place .
and it was n't until many years later that all of the pieces of the puzzle that was brayelle bates would fall into place and explain everything .
i knew i never should ' ve let her leave in the first place .
at least any man fortunate enough to earn a place in her secluded world .
` ` it 's not my place to make those decisions . ''
callie would always hold a place in his heart .
beginning with humans learning their proper place .
and that she would willingly waste her superior powers in an effort to lure his brothers from their rightful place in the world to imprison them within a veil .
` ` not that it 's my place to judge , but i would think that a man like that would have more important matters to attend to than bothering law - abiding maidens and tracking dirt onto my freshly scrubbed floors . ''
she had wanted him to know that he had found a place within her heart .
not when she had meekly allowed her parents to force her from her rightful place in their life .
or even children who could never take their place in society ?
desperately attempting to remind herself of the reason she sought him out in the first place , she plastered a stiff smile to her lips .
there was no place for such weakness among vampires .
gideon was abruptly recalled to the reason she had sought him out in the first place .
luc felt a piece of the aggravating puzzle slide into place .
which no doubt explained why levet had so swiftly earned a place in her wary heart .
` ` your place is in this lair with me . ''
power , glory , a place at the side of the prince . ''
` ` it is not your place to question what occurs among the coven , '' edra snapped .
that 's exactly why he lured us out of her house in the first place . ''
santiago appeared distinctly out of place in the opulent splendor of viper 's private club .
what place does honor or loyalty or tradition have among bloodthirsty demons ?
the oracles had n't yet given their permission to bring anna into their presence or to reveal her own place on the commission .
` ` the oracles had rendered you unconscious ; it was not my place to interfere . ''
a mutant with no real place in the demon - world .
` ` i blamed them for allowing me to be turned into the same sort of monster who tortured me in the first place . ''
that 's where the junk belonged in the first place , '' he muttered , opening the door and waiting for her to step past him before closing it and heading down the narrow hallway .
` ` regan , always know you have a place with me . ''
regan gave an absent nod , but she knew her place was n't here .
briggs had always been far too vague on how this transformation was supposed to take place .
a member of his pack was under attack , and it was his place as alpha to protect him .
the only rightful place for auntie marika was in the nearest looney bin .
` ` our master has no place at his side for cowards . ''
in fact , she would guess that they were standing in the strange place between dimensions , not actually in one or the other .
` ` it is not your place to question me . ''
` ` he 'll be suspended in a place between life and death . ''
` ` the person who locked her in her bat cave in the first place , '' roke smoothly retorted .
was this a warning that her place was firmly behind the veil ?
but sorcery was supposed to be an ancient magic that came from a place deeper than spells brewed in a cauldron or even the bloody altars .
that 's why styx insisted i come to chicago in the first place . ''
` ` it 's not my place to understand the workings of the oracles . ''
relief was flooding through her at the knowledge that roke was safe , even as she tried to wrap her brain around the idea she 'd created a portal that not only sent roke to chicago , but brought her to this place .
had n't she just convinced herself she had no place among the chatri ?
it was as if she was sharing the same place , but in a different dimension .
` ` mother of gods , i ' ve never felt so out of place in my life , '' cyn muttered as they tried to ignore the elegantly dressed men and women who looked as if they were headed to some fancy - ass ball .
he demanded , not liking the thought of her having a permanent place that was anywhere but at his side .
it felt like if we were getting some place .
with me now is the headmaster and former hollywood star , liam ... '' i turned to liam and everything fell into place .
as much as it pained me to do so , we would have to tell nina she would n't have a place in our plan .
` ` that is , if there is still a place for us . ''
` ` if there 's anything i can do to help you ... i know it 's not my place , but ... '' what stopped me this time was what i thought i saw in his eyes ; the tears welling up as he spoke , shaking his head .
but he met my eyes , gritting his teeth , and i could see the pain of transformation already taking place .
amy , from our first meeting , had a very special place in my heart , and she will continue to do so as we continue both our professional ... and personal relationship next year . ''
all that was left now was for her to prove herself worthy of such a place .
after all the years he had abandoned me and left me under the care of his best friend , lyle hudson , he seemed out of place in this world - my world .
` ` since when was it your place to make such demands , ashley ? ''
what exactly is my place ? ''
the catacombs was their haven - their place away from our kind , and my presence there only served to remind me that they were a generation of captives - they and their ancestors before them .
learn your place . ''
you never should ' ve touched her in the first place , and because you did , because you spoiled her for me , i ' ve invited you a day before our wedding so i could make a widow out of her . ''
after all the years he abandoned me and left me under the care of his best friend , lyle hudson , he seemed out of place in this world - my world .
hopelessness and despair began to overtake me as i saw the island i fought for - my kingdom - for what it was - a place absolutely devoid of light .
when we broke our embrace , i realized why she had asked for it in the first place .
derek never should ' ve taken that place from me .
i then found myself in a very familiar place , standing on a shore just as the dawn was about to break .
i ' m sure that your experience in this island is of a completely different vein than mine , but i ' m hoping you see , just the way that i do , that the shade is a place of second chances .
still , something was nagging at me , a sense of inevitable danger that i could n't quite place .
the gardens looked completely out of place in the keep .
she knew her place in my life and she served it well .
it means you know your place .
all i could do was pray that the evil inhabiting me would find some speck of mercy and make me leave the hut , disappear to some place a thousand miles away .
i ' m shocked it was n't guarded in the first place , '' i muttered .
i tuned in and out of the conversation , attempting to discover that peaceful place between sleep and consciousness .
if , at the end of the year , you decide working with me is some place you see yourself in the future , you can quit school and i 'll pay for furthering your education through tafe or university .
i can all but hear her pout from my place at the foot of the stairs .
* * * ` ` it 's not my place to interfere , '' bob gently explains .
i repeat slowly , ` ` not your place to interfere ? ''
unfortunately , where that middle place was , she did n't yet have a clue .
not for the first time , serena wished she could be like that , so sure of her place in the world and what she wanted from it .
every time she tried to take things to a lighter place , he made sure she knew just how serious he was about wanting to be with her .
she was standing in the middle of the room looking as if she 'd forgotten why she 'd come in here in the first place .
he 'd simply continued doing his job , even though he could no longer remember why he 'd ever wanted to do it in the first place .
and those legs ... even though she was n't particularly tall they went on forever , ending in spike heels that had no place whatsoever on a farm .
` ` that i ' ve never been to a barn dance before , '' lori said with a smile that she hoped did n't betray how out of place she felt .
they 'd all been where lori was right now , in a place that did n't necessarily make sense , but at the same time was more right than anything else had ever been .
not wanting the tylers to feel at all out of place around her big family , she made sure to hurry over to give each of them a warm hug .
` ` it 's very nice to meet you , '' she said , feeling awkward and out of place in this small family gathering in the suit she 'd been wearing all day on set , while everyone else was casual in jeans and sweaters .
six months ago she would have been furious with a man for taking control of her life like this ... but pride , she 'd quickly learned , had very little place in a mother 's life .
unable to shake the feeling that he and vicki had left things in a strange place at breakfast , ryan decided to drop by her studio to see her and her project before going to the stadium for a pregame workout .
with those reminders in place between them , meant to douse the fire jumping and flickering so wildly , she would have scooted away from him .
she could n't let herself fall deeper into the quicksand that she should have been smart enough to keep out of in the first place .
so many things clicked into place for megan in that moment .
she was starting to suspect that was part of his plan ... and she was more than a little amazed at the fact that he 'd managed to pull this kind of schedule off in the first place .
` ` actually , i ' m on the board of a local event that 's taking place tomorrow night , so yes , i 'll need to head back for the next couple of nights . ''
why did i fall in love with dean in the first place ? ''
yes , she 'd been hiding out from reality , but getting to be with chase and the models and his crew these past few days had done so much to strip away the layers she 'd never wanted to be there in the first place .
in a rush of optimism , his eyes went to the crowd , his f**k filter slipping into place , a rare happiness turning the slutty candidates into beauty queens .
this was his eternal payment for the way he had lived his life : he had earned this place in hell through his sins upon the earth , and yet still , he argued the unfairness to the others he was trapped with .
but i ' m building my own place in this world ... and i think you need to do the same . ''
it was like some unseen steel chain was linked around his chest and pulling him to this place .
told herself she 'd been in this pounding place of adrenaline overload a million times before and survived it every single time .
there 's no place for you in this- '' ` ` i earned the right to fight by dying in her bathtub .
was this place below the earth ?
the saddest thing about ending up here , apart from the fact that he 'd fucked up the war , potentially lost his mother 's place in heaven , and was going to spend eternity blowing around a star trek set like some red shirt left behind by the enterprise , was that he 'd never told sissy he loved her .
she 'd never been in a mercedes before , much less one of the super - fancy models : everything was sleek lines and high - tech , leather and polished wood - the only thing out of place being the lack of a hood ornament out in front .
nothing was out of place that he could tell .
funny , the henckels was totally out of place in the room , looking like something that had been left behind by a caterer .
before , when the destination had been just a hypothetical and she 'd been so very , very much younger on so many levels , the eternal resting place in the stars had been nothing but jelly beans and jujubes , and endless sunday sleep - ins , and every movie that john hughes had made on a loop .
it was devina 's worst nightmare made manifest : every time she entered one of her protected places , her fear was always that something was gone , missing , out of place - and what did she find now ?
he had assumed he would be constructing this new personal place with blay .
` ` again , it 's not my place , but ... with this much blood ? ''
saxton was always going to have a place in his heart .
the words , the actions ... they were at once totally his , and yet coming from a place that was foreign to him .
there had been a time when he would have taken those words and put them on the mantelpiece of his head and his heart , giving them pride of place that ensured their preciousness stayed with him for the rest of his living days .
the distress seemed so out of place , but it was n't as if it could be argued with without causing more upset : clearly , the guy was going to throw a clot if they took their own luggage through that front door .
some kind of energy exchange seemed to take place , and a moment later , john sat up .
against the dark backdrop of his blindness , everything went white , rage taking over when it had no place to go .
as fritz , the ancient doggen butler , got up in his face big as a billboard , iam took a moment to dial back to his happy place .
can you take one of the brothers down unto this hidden place ? ''
because if he 'd had to speak , she 'd know he was in some strange place emotionally .
` ` i should have liked falling in love with a single male and finding a humble place in the world with him .
being with you has to have a place in all this . ''
i wanted to punch myself for caring , for allowing someone to make me feel that way in the first place .
chapter eighteen i 'd found myself in wonderland , a place where the impossible was n't pretend anymore .
` ` my question is why we did n't use that simulation as our base in the first place . ''
` ` branston is just a shell for a larger , more powerful group , and now , with this ultraviolet catastrophe , they 'll be able to take their place at the table .
two of his arms pointed to the back of the room where there was a thick wooden door that looked surprisingly out of place in the high - tech facility .
one she never should have made in the first place .
my lip quivers , i lift my face and i let out a wail so strong it sounds like an animal has made it - namely , a moose - and etiquette tells me that alarming noise has no place at a wedding .
chest to come - covered chest , there is apparently no place for inhibitions in my bedroom right now .
he 's burrowing a place into my heart , right next to the place reserved for ceecee , and what 's more alarming is that i want them there .
the initial strike was painful and her body tensed with the shock , but the slow suck and draw lulled her into a place of pleasure that she had never experienced before .
after a moment she replied , ` ` it really is n't my place to tell you much about callie .
his soul had settled and found its place .
` ` sorry , i ' m a bit all over the place today .
but i 'd come this far , and everything was falling into place .
i stared at her hard , willing her to understand why my emotions were all over the place .
` ` you were the one who brought them up in the first place . ''
i needed my head to be in the right place .
` ` it 's not that i do n't want to tell you , but it 's not really my place . ''
especially when you know the other person is still living in that place , in that pain , and there is nothing you can do to stop it . ''
the ceo 's son had returned to take his rightful place in the company ?
and my heart will always have a place for you , but i ' m not the one for you . ''
` ` i do n't know if it 's my place to tell you this . ''
` ` it 's not my place to invite you to luke 's , anna . ''
jealousy had no place in our lives .
` ` it 's not my place to say anything . ''
` ` when you 're married , your place will be in romerius , not in school . ''
i suddenly felt like everything was clicking into place .
they have no place within society . ''
i had no place here .
i ignored the little voice in the back of my mind that reminded me henry was the only reason she 'd survived that night by the river in the first place .
my heart skipped a beat , but i was already too confused to wonder why it was still pumping in the first place .
she separated herself from henry and took a seat in the throne next to him , the one made of branches and vines that had previously been empty , and something inside of me fell into place .
` ` perhaps , but it is not her place to say so . ''
as soon as we saw each other , everything would fall into place , and things would be normal again .
i walked around the crumbling structure , searching for anything that looked out of place .
now it was time to prove i deserved my place on the council .
this is their world now , and you have proven you have no place in it .
` ` it is not your place to say - you could not possibly know the circumstances- '' ` ` i know ava 's dead .
she 'd peered into all his dark corners and still made a place in her heart for him .
he no longer felt the same compulsion to rescue her that had drawn him to her in the first place .
you have to take your place in line . ''
perhaps he had n't said a lot to mac -- he probably did n't feel it was his place to go too far -- but he 'd definitely taken steps to alleviate his sister 's suffering .
she was trying to figure out what it was about her house that seemed so ... out of place .
her place was on the way to this margie white 's house , where he was supposed to meet detective gibbons .
he was eager to look in , but only because he wanted to learn more about this woman who seemed so out of place in the prison system .
and he had a successful career , a place in life , a future .
because logic had no place in this .
most believed they had no place in corrections .
it 's not my place to get involved . ''
and even if i was , it 's not your place to question me . ''
she felt as if she was being carried along on a giant wave that 'd come crashing out of her past to bring her to some new place - but whether that place would be better or worse remained to be seen .
she felt as if she was being carried along on a giant wave that 'd come crashing out of her past to bring her to some new place - but whether that place would be better or worse remained to be seen .
` ` you will have a place among my servants .
unlike you , i know my place in life . ''
how had she even arrived at this dark place ?
i do n't know her all that well , so i did n't think it was my place until you sent me that text .
but first he wanted to find out what had brought him over in the first place .
baxter 's gaze lighted on everything that was out of place .
` ` your place on the list is n't determined by ability to pay .
` ` you must ' ve had a reason for holding back in the first place . ''
he 'd grown verbally abusive as soon as she 'd conceived alexa , and physically abusive after that , too full of his own power , but she 'd never really loved him in the first place .
` ` i guess he could , but i do n't know why he pestered you in the first place . ''
` ` then why 'd you go out with her in the first place ? ''
maybe seeing cheyenne as a desirable woman instead of a pity project was what he 'd been hoping to avoid by keeping his distance from her in the first place .
obviously just seeing his father was enough to drag him into a dark place .
` ` i ' m wondering how i screwed up so badly , how i put myself in that position in the first place . ''
` ` madeline feels guilty for bringing him here in the first place , '' he said , his voice a low murmur .
you can give me the package here , especially since you had no right to take it in the first place . ''
he only knew he was part of the reason she 'd been hurt in the first place .
he was crazy for asking her in the first place .
grace began to feel out of place again as he walked her through the parlor , the living room , the sitting room and the kitchen .
then the memory of the day 's events snapped into place , along with the news snippet she 'd watched before bed , and she realized that her caller could be someone else .
he felt as if he 'd been living in a foreign place ever since malcolm killed emily and colton .
it was her haven , her place to recover after trying to drink away her fascination with luke .
and was this ava 's place or the man 's ?
but she was letting fear control her , too ; the difference was , she let fear keep her from trying in the first place .
a flash of fear lit robert 's eyes , which looked out of place on such a large man .
never in her life had she felt more out of place , even the year she 'd gone to visit sheridan 's family for christmas and they 'd forgotten she was coming and given the guest room to a cousin .
she treated them well , gave them what they needed and chose to believe they went to a safe place - a place where they 'd be just as loved and cherished as they were in the homes they 'd lost .
she should be happy right now , not mooning over someone she had no business wanting in the first place .
especially when it was his ability to subdue her that fed his desire to kill her in the first place .
evidently , she 'd just reminded him of the purpose of his visit - if the scar on her cheek had ever let him forget it in the first place .
` ` i was just thinking that it 'd be easier to deal with what happened if i knew why mr . bishop came after me in the first place . ''
` ` it 's shown me that the marriage i believed in never really existed in the first place . ''
my emotions are all over the place .
he still could n't figure out what had drawn her to his room in the first place .
the pain and anger of this night were receding ; she almost could n't remember why she 'd been so upset in the first place .
but the desperation in her voice was why he 'd lied to her in the first place .
she was in a new place with different sounds and smells and textures .
lord knows we were all surprised he wanted to marry you in the first place .
and when she 'd called to tell her mother about delaney 's baby , fiona had insisted she come for the traditional family dinner party , to take place in the late afternoon .
only the gas station down the street and the new aandw looked out of place or the least bit modern .
she 'd never liked the fact that delaney had moved out in the first place , especially to go and live with rebecca .
it 's not my place to get involved in their marriage .
` ` there was a woman who knew her place .
he did n't want to lose his place among the guides .
whatever ethan had in store for her did n't take place right away .
` ` well , technically , '' i pointed out , ` ` it 's not my place . ''
josh is directly behind me , and when i turn my head to reply , his own smile is lopsided - unquestionably flirtatious - and i can no longer remember my name or my country or even my place in the universe .
it 's one of the reasons i was attracted to him in the first place .
` ` it 's not your place to tell me anything , '' i snapped back , annoyed .
it simply was n't his place in the world , and we all knew it .
` ` why is it your rightful place and not mine ?
you will never be anything more than the god who stole my rightful place from me , and the god who tricked me into spilling my secrets . ''
ares was fully grown now and had taken his place on the council , defending what he thought were my wishes .
perhaps we can keep the others on as ... advisors , but we must reclaim our rightful place as rulers . ''
* * * everything fell into place .
married or not , his queen or not , i was a person , not an object , and my parents had had no right to do this to me in the first place .
` ` if you really loved me , you would ' ve never touched her in the first place . ''
regardless , everything was falling into place .
i should have never let knox convince me to stay as lila in the first place .
it might as well have been a steel door , the way the other girls treated it , but all i could think about was what she 'd done to deserve that privacy in the first place .
but even as i said it , the pieces clicked into place .
this was how she wanted to spend her last moments , and i had no place in it .
` ` it is not my place to know anything of those i kill .
there is something about his quiet , unassuming strength that makes me inclined to trust him at once , a sentiment that i remind myself has no place in this game we play .
you do not have a formal place on the council , or a voice .
that is a great blessing for someone such as myself , who feared love would have no place in a marriage between two kingdoms . ''
there is no place for modesty or shame .
it is not my servants ' place to question me or what i ask of them . ''
it is almost too much to hope for , that this hidden place is empty and waiting for us .
i have never envied her special place in the convent 's heart more than i do now .
i can think of a thousand places i would rather go , for the idea of visiting that place fair sets a wild clang of alarm bells ringing inside me , but i can not refuse him this chance to visit his sister 's final resting place .
or do i simply say what is in my heart , the reason i went to the convent in the first place ?
but with the coming of the new god , she cast death out in order to find a place in the new church .
` ` you forget your place here , annith .
` ` by right of all of the dragonette 's trials , i have earned my place as an instrument of death . ''
it does not mean that loisse and audri do n't have a place in your heart . ''
we had no idea his methods would be so brutal , else i would never have supported him in the first place . ''
as uncomfortable as it makes me feel , there is freedom in it as well , for there is no place left for others ' expectations and desires of me to hide .
` ` you have a place with me , in my heart , at my side . ''
we not only evoked one last gasp of magic from arduinna 's sacred arrow but managed to upend the order of the world and create a place for balthazaar in it .
created a place for me in life . ''
dea matrona too is not worshiped in a formal way , but instead finds her place in the homes and hearths and fields throughout our land .
but now , now that everything has changed , i want to go back and remake the convent into what it was originally intended to be - a place with life as well as death , with joy as well as solemn duty . ''
sometimes she lost her place when she was arguing with neal .
you ' ve always held a special place in my heart and always will . ''
it seems that he 's already made up his mind and it 's not my place to change it .
now that he 's gone everything in my life feels out of place , like the world has tipped on its axis .
i ask in a soft smooth voice when i really just want to jump up and find out what has his mind in another place .
` ` after a while things fell into place .
her hormones are all over the place since having nevaeh .
which landed you on to kill a mockingbird , and how it is both southern and universal , which - correct me if i ' m wrong - got us to harper lee and her lack of a follow - up novel , intersected with the theory , probably wrong , that truman capote wrote the novel , then hopping over to literary one - hit wonders , and using musical one - hit wonders to make a point about their special place in our culture .
and it also leaves a place inside of me hollow .
he would regret liking her in the first place .
black ink falls on the blue lines spelling out silences harboring words you think my love 's not the true kind unanswering questions do not disturb but i ' m not leaving you when i leave you i ' m not forgetting that we 're getting somewhere i ' m just trying to figure my part of this my place in the world with you standing there with you standing there ... our local coffee hangout decides to throw a weekly open mic night .
but mad as it was , she had a place here and people to protect .
` ` then you understand your place in the hierarchy . ''
it might give them ideas about their place in queensland .
jael had earned his place among them .
if my mom could take another crack at one , maybe i could stop seeing the world as such a dark place .
but sometimes the world was a cold , horrible place , and people slipped through the cracks .
little boys have no place in my life , and he wasted so much of my time .
i always felt so out of place wherever i went , unless it revolved around work .
she knew her place in the world at only twenty - one , and radiated an inner light i wished would spill into my own dark soul .
i waved a hand at him because i knew he was speaking from a place of experience .
i was working on autopilot , my mind in a place so far away from this dank bar in denver that i was n't paying attention to what i was doing .
you are n't even close to being in a place where you 're all in for yourself , let alone someone else .
i think that was what drew me to him so irresistibly in the first place .
nash smiled a sad smile that looked so out of place on that handsome face and under that ring in his nose .
everything else will fall into place and everybody else can get over their own shit . ''
i think it was hearing my real name spoken from my mom 's lips that had all the questions rolling and the pieces tumbling into place .
it was n't my place to question why his own kid had n't made an appearance any of those times , and i would n't have been driven to do something so out of character had phil not sounded so disappointed when he mentioned nash 's disappearing act .
nash had no place in my here and now .
i could never seem to get a handle on this girl or really understand why i wanted to handle her in the first place .
i did n't have the heart or the correct words to try and explain to her that nash was a far larger obstacle to me getting to a place of confidence and self - worth than any gorgeous and successful doctor could ever be .
i was annoyed and i was frustrated , but more than that , i was confused why she had agreed to come with me if she did n't want to be here in the first place .
it was juvenile , it was way too akin to what had made me so quiet and reserved in the first place , and if my date had bothered to treat me as a person rather than an accessory , maybe these strangers would n't have any ammunition to lob around like gossipy schoolgirls .
i was going to ignore it because i did n't feel it was my place to answer the door at nash 's apartment when i heard my name called through the wood .
it had been an intense few days and my emotions were all over the place .
my mom had no place here .
i did n't want to say anything , was n't sure it was my place , but when i mentioned how burned out he looked , rule and rome both agreed , and told me i should take him home and put him to bed .
this woman really seemed to be absolutely no frills and no nonsense , which again had me wondering why she had ventured into the tattoo shop in the first place .
sure , until i find her i have no qualms about doing easy - easy has its place and can be a good time .
if she had never left there was a good chance i never would have latched on to her sister in the first place .
after the night at his apartment we just sort of fell into a place where we decided without words being spoken that we would rather hang out together , spend time with one another than be alone .
i know she hurt you , we both did , but if you can forgive me you have to work your way to that place with her as well . ''
she got to her feet also and i had this weird thought that rowdy really could n't have two more different women on every single level there was trying to find a place in his life at the exact same time .
she still held a place in my history and in my heart and she was undoubtedly part of my ramshackle family .
i had found my place and it would take a real act of god to remove me from it now .
heroes have no place in this kind of fight .
chuck never forgets a face , so if someone comes sniffing around , he 's going to mention a redhead poking her nose where it has no place being .
i did n't think it was my place to do so , but something was off , so i had to wade in .
she also looked like she could make a fortune being a bikini model or some rich guy 's mistress , so i always wondered what she was doing slumming it with the rest of us average folks , but i never felt like it was my place to ask .
` ` i ' m not going to pretend i do n't like it when you 're shane better , but bax has his place and i can deal with him , just not in bed . ''
my life was violent , filled with blood and uncertainty , and there was no place in it for a girl like dovie , even if i already felt like there was a hole where she had been .
it 's an endless cycle of people trying to clean up messes they should ' ve never made in the first place . ''
` ` fun has no place in this life .
it was a valid question , but i was n't going to point out he was the one who had set in motion the events that had led me to his sister 's front door in the first place .
lastly , unlike my fellow citizens , i have the ability to recognize that healy is simply an extremely small place in the middle of a very large place called the united states , and that the united states is itself also just a small place in the middle of an even larger place called the world , and that makes much of what is discussed in and around healy inconsequential in the grand scheme of things .
believes that ian is standing in his place in the sun .
he opens his refrigerator door and even from my place on the sofa i can see it 's mostly empty shelves and bottles of energy drinks .
before tiny , my sole focus had been ensuring my place at the top of the heap of snarling animals that comprises the financial world .
she came back to me that day , but i still feel like she 's unsure about her place in my life .
tiny 's sudden bout of insecurity pains me because i know it has more to do with how unsure she feels about her place in my life than her own feelings of self - worth .
i make eye contact with them , figuring they 'll be the best start toward finding my place here .
i walk back to my room , finally able to breathe again , my body and mind reaching this weird place of harmony where nothing matters , the past , the future , the present .
its own dark place hidden from the world and the light and i ' m not sure what it 'll take to get quinton out of here , but i need to find that out .
my head was in too weird a place at the time and thinking back it 's hard to decipher what i was truly feeling .
the car looks so out of place in my world - too nice and shiny and nancy bats her eyelashes at me , her chest popping out of her top , her eyes glossy from the rush she 's feeling .
she asks in shock , which seems so out of place that i have to look up at her to see if she 's being real or joking .
you pretty much saved me from doing something i 'd always regret and that probably would have kept me in that dark place a hell of a lot longer . ''
there 's a meeting going on for people who have family members and friends who are drug addicts and i take a seat in the back , sipping my coffee and listening , feeling a little out of place because i barely know quinton and everyone else seems to be related to the person they 're here for .
he seems to unwind as time goes by and i ' m guessing that he 's reached a sort of peaceful balance in his high , one i remember well because it 's what drew me to drugs in the first place .
prologue nova december 28 , the day of the funeral it 's a strange feeling , getting ready to watch someone get put under the ground into their final resting place .
i still feel so out of place , like i ' m living a dream that i ' m not sure i ' m a part of .
it 's probably the first time i have n't been excited to play and i ' m not sure if it 's because i feel like i ' m cheating on my band or because my head 's in another place .
and my grandma took care of me when my mom 's went on because they did n't feel like a funeral was a place for a newborn .
even with medication , i could n't quite find my place in the world anymore .
by the time we 're pulling back up to the motel , i ' ve almost forgotten why she picked me up in the first place .
` ` your mom ... she 's just been confused lately , but i ' m hoping this will help her get to a more mentally stable place . ''
sure , it 's great having a guy give you whatever you want , but at the same time i miss the bantering between us and the epic challenges that attracted me to him in the first place .
my mind is all over the place , thoughts floating around in my head like ping pong balls .
completely and utterly terrified but absolutely and positively happy , a place i have n't been in in years .
my roommate is gone so we have the place to ourselves , which usually i 'd take advantage of by exploring every inch of callie 's body , but today my head 's in the weird place .
' our place . '
it took me forever to get to this place , to let go , but i ' ve managed to find my own form of inner peace with all that happened to me .
` ` according to our data , their connections to known terrorists and/or terrorist organizations are weak , but the links are there , and in each case , there have been enough person - to - person interactions with suspected terrorists to warrant full profiling and a place on the watch list . ''
i tried looking for words that felt out of place in context with the others on the page .
the aforementioned figure was n't nearly big enough to be anthony , the only other tci at large , and i had serious doubts that anthony could have pulled something like this off in the first place .
why did i get the feeling that first place was the only place that brooke or her mother understood ?
they 'd ordered me here , and i 'd dragged myself out of bed to come , under the delusion that i might actually figure out why they were messing with me in the first place .
it was then that everything they were saying clicked into place , and i remembered who stephanie stanton was .
i could even understand why the squad program might have been initiated in the first place .
as devon and i made our way back to the car , my mind went again to the dark place , to the thoughts i could n't bear .
that seemed like the kind of thing he should have mentioned in the first place .
she was the one who 'd pulled me out of the dark place after callum had ordered me beaten , and i 'd never fully realized - she 'd never let me realize - that she had a dark place of her own .
her eyes landed on griffin 's , and he smiled , a tragic smile that looked out of place with the freckles on his face .
instead , i got pictures - mostly of me - and the distinct sense that if the wolf had had its way , he and chase would never have let me out of their sight in the first place .
he 's resilient , chase whispered from his place in my mind .
dev did n't elaborate on his silent statement , but the rest of the scenes archer had shown me in my dream fell firmly into place .
he had a way of appearing out of nowhere , silent and deadly , and the carefully neutral expression on his face made me reconsider the wisdom of baiting him in the first place .
callum 's basement had always been off - limits to me , and i was n't dumb enough to believe the restriction was in place because that was where he hid my christmas presents .
hearing lance 's name reminded me why i 'd come here in search of answers in the first place .
i knew it was wrong to be mad at ali for trying to protect me , but not callum for hurting me in the first place .
my first instinct when i heard ali 's words was to growl , but as the real world settled back into place and the protective instinct my dream had awakened slipped from me , i remembered two things .
the need to get out and away and to be by myself was overpowering , but the moment i stepped outside , the fresh air hit me in the face , cooling my bruises , and the muscles in my stomach loosened enough to remind me why i 'd come this way in the first place .
none of which told me where lake was , or why she 'd run off in the first place .
claire could feel her body relaxing , could feel her mind losing its grip on this dreamlike place .
it was doubtlessly bruised , possibly broken , but there was no place for pain in the fade .
she was going to make that announcement , and i could choose to stand there and let it all play out , or do something drastic to secure my place in her life .
no matter how much i tried to hate him , something so serious reminded me of all the reasons that i loved him in the first place .
` ` i did n't notice nothin ' out of place at the house when i went to change my clothes , but i bet they were there .
after that things fell into place .
you ' ve got this whole new life that you 're tryin ' to find a place in .
you talk about not having friends , but it seems that we ' ve switched places .
even with being spoiled , mine and colt 's children knew their place when it came to being home .
piper seemed like she felt out of place .
the girls were telling me all about their day and as much as i loved hearing about it , my mind was in other places .
i followed behind them regretting the whole time that i had agreed on this bullshit idea in the first place .
i 'd been so excited about her coming back to me that i 'd almost forgot about what got her there in the first place .
why do you let it get to you in the first place ? ''
if i could trade places with you and take away that pain , i would in a heartbeat , you know that .
he jumped up and wrapped a blanket around his waist , but before he could make it out of the bedroom , she was already noticing things out of place in the living room .
everything would fall into place once i had my arms around him .
once we 'd graduated , we 'd start planning our wedding , and the rest would fall into place .
i wanted him to know that i 'd always have a special place in my heart for him , because as wrong as it was , it was also true .
now , i do n't know what happened to make you do what you did , but it 's not my place to judge you .
it was n't what i was used to , but it meant a lot for him to share such a special place with me .
i should have done a lot of things different , especially the decision to marry him in the first place .
when i walked out of my apartment i felt confidant that things were going to fall into place .
i felt so out of place , sitting there with them .
i wanted to tell you myself , but it was n't my place . ''
like i can just make a decision and everything will fall into place .
he still believed that super heroes were real and heaven was a place you could visit on weekends .
ford i could n't have planned things out better than the way they were falling into place .
when i got back into the room , i did n't know what i could say to sky to make her understand ; it was n't like she knew me well enough in the first place .
maybe that 's what scared me so much about him in the first place .
i should have never let you move her in here in the first place . ''
it was as if i could n't ever find my place ; the feeling of belonging .
i found that comforting to know that being at home was a safe place .
her smile beckoned me , reminding me of all the reasons that i fell in love with her in the first place .
please save a place for us in your heart , because once i know you 're safe , we 'll be back .
i knew they belonged to my brother , but they would forever have a special place in my heart .
she might be , given how vague and mysterious she 'd been about me going to the academy in the first place .
each of the gods has his own place in the natural order of things .
and most especially , why professor metis and grandma frost thought that i belonged there in the first place .
everyone had a place at mythos - everyone except me .
nickamedes talking about the bowl and the fact that whoever had stolen it should n't have even been able to take it out of the library in the first place .
i 'd thought that there had been something wrong with my gypsy gift , my psychometry magic , but maybe ... just maybe there had n't been anything there for me to feel in the first place .
this must have been one of those vague and hazy times , because she did n't say anything else about why i should go to the winter carnival or what might take place once i got there .
i suppose i could have explained it to him , about how people touching and using objects was how they got emotions , images , and memories attached to them in the first place .
i 'd had some time to think while daphne had been with carson , and i 'd gone from heartbroken and melancholy to seriously pissed at the fact that logan had the power to make me heartbroken and melancholy in the first place .
he already knew where it was since that was where he 'd tried to kil me in the first place .
i supposed i should be grateful to her for that , although i stil could n't imagine why she 'd helped me in the first place .
i 'd been miserable when i 'd first come to the academy because i had n't fit in , because i 'd felt so desperately out of place .
especiall y since metis asked me to use that magic to dig through preston 's brain in the first place . ''
yeah , my grandma , geraldine frost , might have looked out of place in the bloody chaos of the museum , but the sight of her could n't have made me happier .
instead , it comforted me , like the gryphon knew it was time for the dagger to be moved , like it somehow recognized me as being connected to the girl who had hidden it here in the first place .
nike had helped imprison loki in the first place , and now , vivian was going to use my bloody death to free the evil god .
sometimes i wondered why the gods had bothered with rules in the first place since they were always looking for ways around them .
only i was actually supposed to kill loki , and i had no idea how to go about doing that - if it was even possible in the first place .
i loved them for their concern , but it made me feel guilty that they even had to defend me in the first place .
but eir has always had a fond place in her heart for the creatures .
after all , it was my place .
as disturbing as it was , my mind was in other places , like being left in a room with just chance .
she was smaller than me , and it was clear that her emotions were all over the place .
they 'd never be able to fill the place that i knew would always be hers .
if i 'd just agreed to be with you before , you never would have gone out with him in the first place .
the brisk air hit my face , making me regret the decision to come outside in the first place .
i felt a pull to take care of her and then it all fell into place .
my whole life i 'd felt out of place .
my father does a lot of research work , like you , and it 's taking place at the museum of natural history .
at least i know my place in life . ''
i wish it were carnivale because regan in her spangly bikini would n't look out of place during the festival .
a few things click into place , my brain suddenly making sense of things .
there 's no place in that for a girl like me because i ' m a liability .
my muscles tense and knot as my body once again heads to that place where only he takes me , where he 's not only fulfilling a physical ache , but he gets access to a place where he can rip my soul open .
` ` what made chief langdon look at burton rosser as a suspect in the first place ? ''
` ` an aloha shirt might have looked a little out of place here .
` ` if you ask me , things are starting to fall into place .
not many places in a household can provide that .
but i must admit i ' m extremely curious about why he bothered to employ such wily tactics in the first place . ''
` ` i could n't figure out why she had gotten involved with you in the first place .
` ` to one of those rare high iq types , this world probably seems like a strange , unpredictable , illogical place . ''
the general theme of all of them is that while the dean , department chair , professor , associate professor , assistant professor and instructor all have their place and a certain measure of authority , it 's really the department secretary who runs the show . ''
i 'd like to see him get his rightful place in the textbooks . ''
they all sat in silence for a while , letting the details settle into place .
years ago she had come to realize that if she was seeing ghosts in mirrors , windows , pools of water and other reflective surfaces , it meant that she had stumbled into one of the dark places in the world , a place tainted with the heavy energy that was laid down at the time of violent death .
years ago she had come to realize that if she was seeing ghosts in mirrors , windows , pools of water and other reflective surfaces , it meant that she had stumbled into one of the dark places in the world , a place tainted with the heavy energy that was laid down at the time of violent death .
` ` and remind me to ask you later what the hell you were doing here in the first place . ''
the problem is that i do n't know what the hell i was doing in that alley in the first place .
` ` she says nothing was stolen and only a couple of small things looked out of place .
that kind of guy would n't have had any place in your up - and - coming life - style . ''
he must have realized why he 'd taken off his clothes in the first place .
but there was nothing out of place , nothing missing .
but all the dreams seem to be taking place in the cave .
the forces that had been set in motion last night while he had slept in the grotto would one day pull him back here to this place .
but above all , we 're supposed to know our place and stay in it .
the weird , like the broken , was a place of rules and laws .
` ` the total eclipse has its place in the grand scheme of things . ''
embarrassed by the unseemly behavior taking place on the sofa , no doubt .
figure i owe him that much , since it was me who was responsible for this phobia thing in the first place . ''
when i got the letter from the lawyer things started to fall into place .
but the world outside was a much quieter , calmer place than it had been earlier .
as usual , she had lost all track of time while she was in that other place where the vision reigned supreme .
once i started asking the right questions , things fell into place . ''
but since you already know about it , maybe i should tell you why i came here to eclipse bay in the first place . ''
well , it was n't as though she had any right to push him for answers to questions she 'd had no business asking in the first place , she thought .
she was vaguely aware of the winds raging outside the cottage , but here in this intimate , magical place there was another reality , a world where every move brought new wonders and new discoveries .
and it would look a little out of place in the total eclipse , too . ''
establishments like the total eclipse had their place in the universe , nick thought .
and there 's another thing that guarantees you a place of honor in our fair town . ''
his early , groundbreaking investigations into the biological and physiological changes that occur during sleep and in the dream state had assured him a place in the textbooks .
then everything else falls into place . ''
he felt the eerie sensation of suddenly having to share his place in time and space with something else that did n't quite belong there .
how would he know where the painting is or what caitlin painted in the first place ? ''
` ` because he needs to be reassured that he 's got a secure place in your life .
` ` from what verity told me , i figured that crystals had caused the problem in the first place , '' oliver explained .
the consort has fought admirably and earned a place of respect at our lord 's side . ''
` ` i guess that 's why we get into the business in the first place . ''
altruism did n't seem to have much place in the life of a loner like judd raven .
the cessna , as she had guessed the previous evening , occupied a very important place in his life and every time one of the children touched the controls with an overeager hand or clambered over the seats she could almost see judd wince in pain .
` ` then why did you run away in the first place ? ''
` ` the tale was a little weak in places but we understood from our sources that it was n't mr . raven 's practice to ask too many questions if the price was right .
it would be better to stay here if i ca n't take my rightful place back home . ''
after the violence that has taken place , i ' m inclined to believe that getting it back will be a far more dangerous task than i originally anticipated .
gryph wondered if any woman , shield - mate or lower , could fill up the empty place inside him that sariana would create if she were to leave him now .
if my people were to survive , they had to create a legitimate place for themselves within that structure . ''
i ' m going to create a dynasty of shields who will take their rightful place on this backwater world . ''
` ` i ' m not sure , '' sariana said , frowning intently as their food arrived , ` ` but i ' ve been thinking about it and there are some other matters which seem to indicate slight changes taking place . ''
indeed , he did look out of place in the elegant hall , his lean , dark figure a harsh contrast to the silvered carpet and the soft , waving patterns of soothing hues that decorated the walls .
among them severance felt large , awkward , and out of place .
` ` probably explains why lasher chose the cove to found his community of seekers in the first place , '' fallon said .
` ` he 's a rat , but rodents have their place in the feeding chain . ''
` ` a place for everything and everything in its place . ''
he felt like an ass for having sex with her when she was under the influence in the first place .
` ` i never wanted to be one in the first place . ''
by the time he pulled away , she forgot what he was asking for in the first place .
` ` i never got under him in the first place , '' she muttered .
it had no place being so ... there .
the wolf needed to be taught its place , not destroyed .
graham was out of place here , a hulking creature in the diminutive space .
the magic was stronger , and she 'd probably live longer , but here in the edge , in a space between the weird with all its magic and the broken with none of it , was her true place .
as he pulled her out , her eyes burned with a fear and hate that had no place on the face of a twelve - year - old child .
` ` there is no place for children in what we are about to do .
logic told him it was the capillaries in his eyes expanding in reaction to his increased blood flow , but that logic spoke from some distant place in his brain , and he shut it off .
here , poised on the threshold between violence and peace , was his true place .
his mind was a place of many dreams , most of them dead and abandoned .
she looked for something peaceful inside herself , a place she used to be able to find .
he looked stronger too , and more at ease , any uncertainty he might have felt for his place in the world gone .
it will take you to a place without gods .
if i do well , my place in the crew will be assured .
he let himself slip away , into his mind , in a place knitted of memories and wishful thinking , where he and audrey lived happily ever after .
spike wanted to win and lose bouts tonight to put gavan 's place in the hierarchy in jeopardy , to force gavan to have to fight for his dominance , not just count on spike and manipulation to keep him there .
connor was a cub still , with no official place in the hierarchy as yet , which meant , in most people 's opinions , he was no threat .
he had a solid place in it , and now , so would myka .
now ronan knew everyone , and everyone knew ronan , and he 'd carved out his own place in this strange , new world .
ronan 's mouth was a warm place in the night , tasting of heat and spice .
she knew that he felt a bit out of place among the mackenzie guests , as louisa sometimes did herself .
when ian could wrap himself in beth 's presence , he was at peace , in a blissful place where all was stillness .
` ` the world was a confusing place .
he could have his pick of unmarried ladies , many of whom were at this very garden party , who would gladly marry him for his standing , wealth , and when a seat came empty , his place in the house of lords .
the touch dragged fellows back from the dark place he 'd gone , and his awareness slowly returned .
the inside of kaldar 's head was a mysterious place better left alone by all sane people .
his dad might have switched places with him in the hierarchy , but that did n't mean the man was a wimp .
but this is your place , is n't it ? ''
` ` i know my place in the hierarchy .
` ` and you think i have no place in that world ? ''
sean came to her , again stepping into her space , a dominant male wanting to make her aware just what her place was .
while that made him an adult by human standards , by shifter standards he was still a cub , still waiting to find his place in the clan .
his movements were restless , angry , a young shifter impatient to make his place in the world .
dylan was slowly conceding his place in the pride to sean and liam , and he needed someone to both soothe him and distract him from the pain of that .
when she 'd ripped enough away to see through the cocoon , she found herself not safe in bed with sean , but in a gray misty place that was neither one world or the other .
she 'd always pictured faerie as a misty place of white trees and mountains , with fae hanging out in gauzy robes , riding unicorns , hunting with hawks , and doing other fae - like activities .
i ' m kind of wondering why you went out the window in the first place .
this human place . ''
i had to battle to keep my place in the hierarchy , or he would have thrown me to his men to see what they could get on me , or he 'd have had me killed .
no place for us in a fae war .
i have the feeling that 's one reason the hoch alfar wanted you out in the first place . ''
it 's your body telling you it 's ready for you to find your place in the pride , to start looking for a mate . ''
she made a noise of pleasure , a woman learning what it was like to have her sexual places touched .
a new life , a new beginning , a cub struggling to take its place in the world .
she felt so out of place here , in this office .
have you seen the images of that place ?
liam , sean , spike , ronan - they had children , families , friends , a defined place in the shifter world .
she looked wildly around , but she saw nothing out of place .
they 'll consider it not your place .
` ` what possessed you t ' give it to her in the first place ? ''
the prim mr . neely , a bachelor of spartan habits , looked out of place in it .
hart knew better than to appeal to him by promising gains of power or wealth - neely was a well - off , upper - middle - class english gentleman with strong ideas about one 's place in society .
the mind was a strange place .
he would stay in scotland , he said , and try to carve a place for himself .
invisible spells shielded my place in a protective barrier .
i loved you , i cared for you , i offered you a place in the pack beside me , and you betrayed everything that was important to me .
the desk was the center of this little cosmos , and the moment i sat behind it , i became the focal point of the room , as if i had assumed a place in the center of some invisible convergence of power .
if inanimate objects could worship , the trappings of anapa 's office would have knelt before me , because i sat in the place of their god .
daniel was effectively taking sutton 's place on the bully scale , and mortimer , in his way of thinking , now had to placate daniel .
he 'd used the affairs to try to fill the hollow place daniel 's mother had brutally carved into him .
the walls told the outside world that here was an important place of learning and weighty decisions .
` ` you ' ve stolen all sense of my place in life .
that gives me another place to dig - jeffrey 's haunts and his cronies .
the man belonging to it wore a fine greatcoat and hat , very out of place in this area of workingman 's caps and rough jackets .
he never felt so sure of his place in the world as when he pinpointed it on an atlas .
somehow , this whole thing felt like more of a betrayal of them , who had always treated him like an adult , than his father , who had never failed to make peter feel out of place .
but as he stood and watched the lines shifting on the distant hills , the troops folding in and then back out of formations he knew by heart , it felt to peter like remembering something he 'd never really known in the first place .
it was as if they 'd swapped places ; peter felt almost frighteningly happy , completely unworried about the world outside the car , while emma looked miserably unsettled , her mouth set in a straight line , her head resting on her arms so that the wind blew her hair back like the tail of a kite .
it was as if he 'd lost more than just a stray dog that had never really belonged to him in the first place ; it was like losing the trip itself .
even so , he realized - several days too late - that he probably should have never answered her call in the first place , should have done this trip his own way , zigzagging from battlefield to battlefield , following the lines of history and the paths of ghosts less close to home .
once she realized who he was - who he really was - then everything would click into place , but until then , it was pointless to be surprised by the way she tossed her hair as she spooned out the ice cream .
the new director , the new script , the new costar - all of it helped him remember why he enjoyed acting in the first place .
margaret lawson had no place in this new town , this new life .
he could n't imagine what harry had discovered , had no idea what made him search in the first place .
ten minutes later , with the help of his directions , hadley finds herself in the lobby of the kensington arms hotel , a sprawling mansion that seems out of place amid the crowded city streets , like it was plucked from a country estate and dropped at random here in london .
let it go this far , when i should have never let her fall in love with me in the first place .
i ' m the one who brought you here in the first place . ''
but underneath the suit and the charming smile , i was the tatted - up marine that had no place dating the daughter of a prospective president of the united states of america .
` ` it 's not my place to do so , sir .
to try to make my own place in the world .
i followed his gaze , but saw nothing out of place .
he looked as out of place here as i did at the fancy balls mom always dragged me to .
so how is it sharing when you never wanted me in the first place ? ''
she had no place partying tonight .
i was trapped in a strange place surrounded by creatures that were n't supposed to exist .
` ` i am offering you a real commitment - a place in my life forever .
` ` i shared my house , my bed , and my blood with you , as well as offered you a place in my life forever .
this time , the obsequious gesture did n't seem out of place .
his authoritative tone reminded me of why i 'd gone to the club in the first place .
railed walkways and signs showed that these ruins were a tourist haunt , but the modern insertions looked out of place amidst the aged brick and stone .
violence had no place in a relationship for any reason .
its place in my life is long over . ''
it might be a cure for the psychometric abilities i 'd long wished to be rid of , but they were also the main reason vlad had been drawn to me in the first place .
symbolism was often a part of his visions , and duat , the underworld where his soul would travel to await judgment by the god anubis , was a place of uniform darkness .
` ` i ca n't drop all my responsibilities just to chase down a demon - dodging human who should never have trifled with the dark arts in the first place , '' he said through gritted teeth .
she felt out of place in her blue sweater , although her skirt and boots were black , at least .
his suv , so familiar to me from seeing it parked every day at school since he 'd gotten his license last year , looked out of place in the vast space next to a porsche .
you get everything you want , and i forget what i wanted in the first place . ''
i had wanted to tell mr . hall this before , but it was not my place to say .
i never would have helped you in the first place if i 'd known you were trying to control alec 's life .
we were back to the place with each other where we 'd been at the beach .
` ` i know it 's not my place to say , because q and i are n't together anymore .
` ` why were n't you honest with her in the first place ? ''
all i m saying is that there s no place for that kind of crappy writing in an honors creative - writing class .
i guess being around horses reminded us of why we never got along in the first place .
i had finally reached a friendly place with huntervery friendly , if you counted fake dating for the purpose of cheating the medical systemand then ruined it .
she felt out of place more because she was shorter by eight inches than because she was the only genuine girl .
this place is yours .
building a pool at your oceanside house was like the theme restaurants in town -- jamaica joe 's , tahiti cuisine , california eatin ' -- all evoking a different place on the ocean as if the place we already had on the ocean was somehow inferior .
building a pool at your oceanside house was like the theme restaurants in town -- jamaica joe 's , tahiti cuisine , california eatin ' -- all evoking a different place on the ocean as if the place we already had on the ocean was somehow inferior .
her view of the world and her place in it had shifted radically .
she was imprisoned in this place , as was he .
` ` i will say the words that bind you together , but the true marriage between the two of you must take place here , in your hearts .
a simple spell would lead him straight to this place .
cara 's new nanny , melissa kent , had been much younger than miss ray , and although cara missed her old nanny , miss kent quickly found a place in cara 's affections .
leaving cara again was going to be the hardest thing he had ever done , but she had no place in his world .
` ` i will say the words that bind you together , but the true marriage between the two of you must take place within your hearts .
` ` i will pronounce the words that bind you together legally , but the true joining must take place in your own hearts , your own souls .
the world was a big place .
` ` i will say the words that legally bind you together , but the true marriage between the two of you must take place in your hearts . ''
` ` it 's the least i can do , since i ' m the one who put you in danger in the first place . ''
i ' m your wife now , and my place is with you , wherever that might be . ''
once she accepted it and decided to make the best of it , she wondered why she had made such a fuss in the first place .
i thought about telling him in order to get his support , but it was not my place .
the wind howled , and i zoned out , only aware of my place on the horse .
blake led us into a library that seemed completely out of place in the old castle .
although no one had explained much of anything , it all seemed to fall into place , as though i had known all along that i was destined to be here .
so far , my part of the plan was falling into place , but it had all relied on my convincing others to help .
as pointless as it sometimes seems , garnish has its place .
clearly , he was n't interested in what i had to offer in that department , which made me wonder why he invited me in the first place .
the more i talked to dylan , the more i remembered why i fell for him in the first place .
being so close to colt reminded me of why i liked him so much in the first place .
` ` i believe this discussion is about whether the representation of women in lit accurately reflects their place in society .
left to its own devices , my mind was a dangerous place .
i needed to get to my numb place , and i needed to get there fast .
what made you think you wanted to do law school in the first place ? ''
at least i knew where we stood in her eyes - the same place we did in mine .
i realized that my guard had slid into place easily , that it did n't have to be a painful process .
there was no one i could talk to about bill , no one who would n't be halfway shocked i was seeing him in the first place .
if the police seriously believed that jason had killed gran in addition to the other women , then the world was such a bad and chancy place that i wanted no part of it .
` ` not ask whose crucifixion would be taking place - perhaps is taking place , '' he corrected himself , glancing at the clock by the bed .
eventually , the queen 's favor would have fallen on someone else , and hadley would have had to carve out another place in the queen 's entourage . ''
the second said , ` ` why 'd he love a bitch like debbie in the first place ?
i was still puzzled for a second or two , but suddenly , the stance of both the younger and the older woman , their tasks , their air of comfort in this house , clicked into place .
the one blinding revelation i 'd had made everything begin to click into place in my head .
then everything clicked into place , and i understood portia 's embarrassment .
the queen had given him a place in her service , since no one else had stepped forward .
` ` i 'd be the last person in the world to block your place in the sun , sookie , '' sam said , and he smiled at me .
she knows all about the supernatural world , and my place in it .
i could tell she was wondering what place quinn played in my relationship with eric .
i played baseball and basketball , so i found my place .
` ` it 's not my place to be okay with it .
obviously , her teacher 's fall from grace was an amazing development to amelia , clearly overshadowing her own guilt about what she 'd done to bob in the first place .
green globes light around the kids , and around them the fish gather , as if they are all in one great dark place under the ice together , with one flashlight to draw them .
there are some who would tell you that lifespan books was no place for an ambitious young journalist .
six months -- hell , one month -- from now , maybe his mind would have been in a different place .
he might have felt them , but from a separate place .
` ` we ' ve got some bad history between us , bill , but you 'll always have a special place in my heart . ''
i had always tried to keep out of terry 's head , because it could be a very frightening place .
i do n't want to cry , but my emotions are all over the place right now .
my mind is all over the place , and i am not sure how to sort my thoughts out .
my thoughts are all over the place , and when i open my eyes back up , a few tears fall .
my emotions are all over the place , but jase is my rock , and i really need him right now .
work has always been that place for me .
donna filled a place in my heart that was only hers to fill .
pushing feelings aside , and just taking the moment to be in a place of pure physical indulgence .
i take a second to try and compose my thoughts , but they are all over the place , and i ca n't seem to find a coherent one floating around my head .
my thoughts are all over the place , and i stumble as i try to answer all of her questions .
it 's not my place to question , so i drop it .
i ' m not seeing anything out of place , so i call it a night around ten o'clock and head over to jase 's .
she did n't want to go through the hassle , but i wanted to make sure that she was comfortable and that all her things had a place in my home .
my emotions are all over the place , but they all lie within her heart .
as i keep her folded into me , dr . christman says , ` ` i ' ve been asking candace to try and put herself in situations that will generally trigger these emotions but in a place where she feels safe .
when i get her upstairs , we stand in the center of the room as i cradle her cheeks in my hands , saying , ` ` you will never have to doubt your place in this world again because i swear i will spend forever making sure you 're right where you belong . ''
it takes place in philly , but it could ' ve been in new york .
do n't get me wrong , big girls have their place in society too .
i ask , not feeling the least bit out of place .
` ` i ' m such an ass**le , '' i say aloud as everything clicks into place .
` ` they 're your family now too , and my place is always your place . ''
` ` they 're your family now too , and my place is always your place . ''
after i found that dress , everything else fell into place .
i know that , with sophie as my kids ' mother , the rest will fall into place .
` ` it 's not my place to talk about austin 's past , but him and lilly were both dealing with the loss of people they cared about at the same time and were able to understand what the other was going though .
` ` i ' m not painting your nails , '' i huff out , wondering why the hell he would be carrying it around with him in the first place .
at first , it was difficult living together plus being in a new relationship , but things have seem to have fallen into place .
` ` what about my place in vegas ? ''
then , today , you sent me a text message , and when i read that you would meet me at home , something in me clicked into place .
` ` i just proved what you should have known - a cripple does n't have any place among eyrien warriors . ''
` ` prince falonar may have proved that a cripple has no place among eyriens , but i just proved he would n't have survived that demon - dead bastard any better than rainier did . ''
` ` where , exactly , is the misty place ? ''
did these males use an illusion spell to look more terrifying or did some physical change take place because of this particular location ?
that terrible night had been the first time he 'd seen witch in the misty place after he 'd fallen too far in the abyss and shattered his mind .
when daemon was caught in the rut 's sexual madness , how much of his relief came from physical sex and how much came from the knife - edged dance of being with witch in the misty place deep in the abyss - of being with the living myth when she revealed the self that lived within the human body ?
then they 'll find their own place in the village - as well as their special humans . ''
not all of the scelties had found their special place in the village , but some were settling in .
a place where a man was surrounded by stone and dark power .
` ` we came in the hope that you might have a place for us here . ''
` ` it 's not my place to speak . ''
it was n't really his place to make such a statement without more of the first circle present , but he was sure of the truth of it .
` ` i ' m not going to wonder why the fool thought he could get away with it , but why did he do it in the first place ? ''
he had seen her in the misty place , that place deep in the abyss where she appeared as the self that lived within the human skin - a self that clearly revealed that not all the dreamers who had woven this dream into flesh had been human .
he had seen her in the misty place , that place deep in the abyss where she appeared as the self that lived within the human skin - a self that clearly revealed that not all the dreamers who had woven this dream into flesh had been human .
after he 'd dealt with the witches who had tried to stop the wedding by hurting her , jaenelle had brought him to the misty place and shown him the truth .
but did their spirits have a place where they spent some time before they were truly gone ?
this place was his .
and that love , he remembered bitterly , had been skewed enough that she 'd given him away and he 'd grown up believing he was a half - breed bastard , fighting , always fighting , for a place within eyrien society .
a place . ''
he leaped over the flower beds , lightly touched down on the stone wall , then launched himself skyward toward clean air ... and away from a place that now filled him with pain .
but her true personality had already begun to crack the facade that had attracted him to her in the first place , so she could n't afford to delay a pregnancy if she was going to keep the prize of a black - jeweled warlord prince whose wealth rivaled any of hayll 's hundred families and who ruled a territory without having to answer to any queen .
after he brought her home and realized how frail she was , how little it would take to overwhelm the healing taking place inside her and have it fail , which would leave her permanently imprisoned in a body that would n't allow her to do more than exist , his desire for sex had vanished .
jaenelle has no place in this room .
since it was tied to the misty place , surely there was a way for her to regain that power if she ...
if a male went into a court cringing , for whatever reason , and regained a little strength or showed a little temper , it would be regarded as defiance by the queen and the witches in herfirst circle , and as a challenge by all the other males who feared losing their place in the court 's pecking order .
which reminded him of why he was there in the first place .
she 's got a kind heart , but ... '' ` ` if she says there 's a place for all of you in dena nehele , then there is , '' jared replied .
i ' m surprised he still has brains enough to unbutton his trousers in the first place . ''
she had allowed that strange , difficult child to be locked away in that place .
` ` which still does n't explain why he 's interested in me in the first place . ''
he was back in the misty place , deep in the abyss .
waking up in the misty place .
` ` you took her to the misty place ? ''
he did n't want to examine the relief he felt at knowing alexandra had n't fouled the misty place with her presence .
she had told him the first time he 'd ended up in the misty place , when he 'd tried to bring witch back to heal her wounded body .
your place is here .
` ` anger has no place in a sickroom .
you fight to stay here , to give them a place .
and he also realized who had taught the wolf to look for poisons - which made him wonder why she 'd needed to teach that lesson in the first place .
but the body was part of the same delicate web as the violets , the water , the sky , and the fire - reminders of a place beyond the shattered landscape - so he resigned himself to becoming reacquainted with it .
` ` i did n't mean to invade your private place .
the facts fell into place , forming the inevitable conclusion .
and because he had accepted the lie , daemon had been raised as a bastard and a slave , an outcast who had no place in blood society .
or did she fear his vengeance on her family if he found out they had knowingly put a child in such a place ?
` ` i do n't know what- '' ` ` you put her back in that ... place , did n't you , alexandra ?
he felt something settle into place inside him as the mist reformed into a crystal chalice , its shattered pieces carefully fitted together .
and i was supposed to be focusing on potted plants and their place in my natural world ?
michael and i were meant to fix what we should ' ve never let break in the first place , all those years ago .
show business was n't the right place for me .
` ` i realized that even though that 's been my place in l.a . for over a year now , i ' m ready to let it go , '' he said .
not my taste , but chrome and black leather would be out of place here .
and juxtaposed against my very neat and orderly place in philadelphia , my apartment was never a home , i realized .
` ` a modern hotel will be out of place here , mr . camden .
he was in a very different place with me than he 'd ever been before .
` ` talking too much is what got you into trouble in the first place , '' he said , pointing me in the direction of the bedroom .
it did n't seem at all out of place that for lunch that day , i was served roasted sea bass with fennel and leeks on white china , by a housekeeper named fran .
i 'd been stuck in the kitchen with him and sophia for almost thirty minutes discussing beige walls and their place in home interiors , because bernard loved hgtv , do n't you know .
it would always hold a special place in my heart .
i gave voice to everything i 'd been feeling about my job and my work and my place within the firm .
james has a very strong personality , intense and confident , and i was reminded why i 'd been attracted to him in the first place .
it 's like the final puzzle piece of my life has finally clicked into place .
she has always kept in touch , especially after her divorce from uncle harry , and she has a special place in my heart .
it 's never been my place .
just like his brother has no place in my head .
zander stops talking to helen and looks over , his eyes full of surprise as he looks at sam , then me ... then something clicks into place and he spits out his drink before flicking me a sympathetic look .
since when has it not been your place to support your best friend ?
anything out of place stresses her out , and i swear she 's rearranged the entire house three times in the past week .
` ` and one way or the other , he will be brought into the pack in his rightful place . ''
` ` i warned you yesterday - about your role , your place - and i thought we 'd agreed that you were n't going to challenge my authority .
this place lacked the gravitas , but it also lacked the ego .
the conversation took place while we heaped meat loaf and vegetables on our plates , sprinkled salt and pepper , sipped at the iced tea that already sat in our glasses .
try to find a place in your life for the things that mattered before he changed you . ''
he glanced up at me , humor in his eyes , and for a moment i saw the thing that had attracted me to morgan in the first place .
it was n't my favorite , but it definitely had its place in my repertoire .
` ` well , he did have the honor of tearing us asunder in the first place . ''
` ` in earlier days , grad school was still a place for eccentrics .
i really did enjoy the moment when the puzzle pieces began to fall into place .
i rubbed my hands across my face until i was in his room again - not a helpless sophomore out of place in a high school i was too old to attend .
` ` he 's not a member of the order , so it 's not my place to discuss him . ''
` ` when we were in nebraska , '' i realized , and the memories clicked into place .
you are an anachronism that has no place in this modern world .
if i was the type of girl who quit an obligation because my boyfriend told me to , ethan would n't have been interested in me in the first place .
what if i 'd managed to take everything that was good in my life - my place in the house , my vampire family , and ethan - and tossed it in the trash on a whim ?
` ` i understand the other gp members are pleased we saved him , but concerned he needed saving in the first place . ''
the drawing room was a place of manners and sitting quietly .
i 'd go about my life and let him see there was no place in it for him .
` ` i could never take her place in your heart , gavin , '' i said honestly .
they saw the gang symbol that marked me as one of their own , one of the elite crew members who did enough dirty work to earn a permanent mark - a permanent place in the brotherhood on the streets .
` ` do you think i would subject myself to this place if i was n't ? ''
there was a special place in hell for sobs like lex .
again , i sensed more behind his words than he said , but i did n't feel like it was my place to ask .
good lord , his place .
i wondered why they did n't do that instead , but it was n't my place to ask .
i really thought i finally found my place in the world .
it looked so out of place sitting there in the center of the small , tucked away neighborhood amongst the cheerful houses and blooming flowers .
the end chapter one sam it begins like usual , the slightest disturbance to my sleep , making me toss and turn until i ' m in that place between rest and wakefulness - not fully coherent , but enough so i could have groggy thoughts .
` ` go to earth and prove to me that you know your place beneath me . ''
but , here , now she seemed out of place .
she would be with me , but hell was n't the place for her .
` ` he offered me a permanent place in hell at his side .
you 're going to find your place someday and you will understand . ''
do not doubt my love for all my children or your place among them .
if you doubt your place , be utterly certain that in time you will know where it is . ''
heaven was a place that was sacred .
` ` my place is sitting there empty .
it was a place .
` ` you will always have a place here .
if satan created it , then this place would n't exist . ''
why did this guy think he could carve himself a place in my life ?
ana 's words clicked into place .
all the feelings that confused me clicked into place and settled with certainty inside me .
` ` the inbetween is a temporary place that people who die pass through .
i never imagined the inside of heven 's mind to be a dark place .
hell was a place for sinners unrepentant for their deeds and a punishment for those that did n't believe in god and heaven .
me , sam , my brother and his brother staring at a fountain , a pretty one at that , which supposedly led to a nasty , vile place .
the thought of being trapped in hell , that soulless , colorless place was a living nightmare .
as i curried him my thoughts wandered a place it should n't ... to sam .
bitterness had no place here .
` ` i heard you were going to take jenna 's place on the cheer squad next year as team captain . ''
and now you drag me up to some hotel room and change into a beast in front of me and then you tell me that everything between us had been a lie , that you , you of all people , sam , were the one that destroyed my life in the first place ! ''
she looked so out of place , here , in this place of destruction and death .
` ` as a supernatural treasure , heven , you are the rightful person to return this treasure to its rightful place . ''
this was my place .
a place where i could hear the tortured wails of those lost around me , a place where i could think but feel nothing but pain , and a place where i would know no peace ever .
a place where i could hear the tortured wails of those lost around me , a place where i could think but feel nothing but pain , and a place where i would know no peace ever .
death is n't a place for a girl like you , '' he said , his words taking on an angry tone .
death is n't a place for a girl like you .
today the torture was just being moved to another place : the dmv .
now she tells me she was out there in the first place because of me .
chapter fifty - nine ` ` heaven - the abode of god , the angels , and the spirits of the righteous after death ; the place or state of existence of the blessed after the mortal life . ''
* * * lily stood beside the granite slab , a guard on each side of her , as she waited to be chained to her place of execution .
a terrible sensation descended on her that she was in a place even worse than the prison cell she 'd inhabited for the past week and the large room where she 'd been auctioned .
her aunt was with her now , so angelica would n't truly be missed for another week or more , but all of those essentials reminded her why she 'd gone to the ocean club in the first place .
the ominous risk to her life , however , kept her locked in a terrible place of indecision .
she could even tell where he was in relation to the upstairs bedroom , as though some kind of vampire locator process had just clicked into place .
reyes thought he understood , that engles might enjoy a good party , but the drunken revels could take place dockside rather than in his dwelling .
the man was short , but he 'd forged a powerful place in their society as a linchpin for the underworld .
he had taken great pains to prepare a speech with which to open the games , focusing on how proud he was of the contestants and the hidden colony militia warriors , on his gratitude for having a place in their lives .
an intense desire to belong washed over her - not just to be leto 's breh , but to have a place in this community .
knowing and loving kerrick , having a baby with him , being close to all the warriors and their brehs as i am , even having a place in this world that makes sense to me because of my powers , no , i do n't regret any of it .
he 'd almost succeeded in tearing grace away from her breh - and had he done so , all of his plans would have finally clicked into place .
diallo felt as though he carried great riches within , and when she sank into the clouds separating the mind from the soul , she landed in a place of the brightest gold .
but these were ascenders , and no doubt a few weather modifications had been put in place to keep the colonists well fed and self - reliant .
her emotions were all over the place as well , but they seemed to revolve around two specific poles ; one that was pure grief , like now , and the other so filled with fury that she 'd nearly lost her mind with rage .
in some mystical way , she knew herself to be in two places at once .
the resulting friction always satisfied some dark place in greaves 's soul .
she did n't have to respond to this vision and she did n't have to take her place in ascended society .
she did n't understand why she was so limited when she 'd been able to fold into the cell in the first place .
she had read books to him , and played with him , and prayed that his biological father 's death vampire nature would not have any place in his dna .
he also knew she was a woman quick to experience the little death , the place of ecstasy .
the thought that once she folded to the outdoor chapel she would begin a new day with jean - pierre , however , left her caught once more in that in - between place : longing to move into the future , but clinging to the past .
endelle had to push through this place deep within my mind , like a barrier between the mind and the soul .
* * * fiona was lost , deep within her mind , because jean - pierre held her in this magical place .
she looked around , wondering what he meant to do in this place of earth , stone , and water .
` ` then you have just defined all my current dilemmas as well as the reason i struck the bargain with you in the first place .
she rolled the word around in her mind and something clicked into place .
he felt disoriented , as if he 'd been reading a book then suddenly lost his place on the page .
yeah , i know ... well , it 's a nether - space thing , a place that exists between dimensions .
when i met thorne , and learned i had a permanent place in the warriors of the blood , i was done with everything else forever .
i know that something extraordinary happens when the final link of a breh - hedden settles into place but , antony i have this feeling '' -she leaned sideways slightly to put her fist between her br**sts- '' right here .
now here i am and when you were asleep in that strange place , i awoke trapped but i found my way out by realizing that if i was going to have any hope of living and of getting us both out of there , i would have to find some way of reaching out for help .
and jean - pierre had already proven to her , albeit unwittingly , that even his kiss could bring her to a place of ecstasy .
sure , the whatbees had a place , but not on his turf .
but i ' m really counting on you finding your place in this new world far away from me and i hope like hell you understand .
but as she drew close to that sweet place of ecstasy , she would always , always , always wake up to absolute horror at what she was doing .
he glanced around his bedroom , which was not quite his bedroom , but a dream - like place that included his bed , okay , a bed , and felt like his home on bainbridge island , but was n't , even though he could hear wind rattling the windows .
on both occasions i ended up in a place that darkened around the edges and blocked me from going into the place that was real .
on both occasions i ended up in a place that darkened around the edges and blocked me from going into the place that was real .
her emotions were all over the place , as though she 'd been dumped in a washing machine and set on the agitation cycle .
i ca n't seem to control what 's happening , but i do know that every night i come to a place of consciousness in which i ' m very awake , very aware of what we 're doing .
the ocean was her solace , a place of rebirth and regeneration , of soothing fingers all over her skin , easing her tensions .
then , as if in a dream , she flew into that nether place , that in - between place that darkened all around the edges and ... marcus was with her .
then , as if in a dream , she flew into that nether place , that in - between place that darkened all around the edges and ... marcus was with her .
she was here , in a new dimension , a place called second earth , a world of the vampire , of immortality , of war .
which reminded her of marcus on more than one occasion ... and that 's when all the puzzle pieces fell into place : that parisa could smell sage , that her visions had focused on him , that he was now behaving in a completely uncharacteristic manner .
* * * havily was in that delicious place of fatigue and pleasure that kept her body so loose that she swore she could feel every practiced flick of marcus 's tongue without any distraction .
four months ago , medichi had told marcus it was time to move on , to get over the rage that had forced him to leave second earth in the first place .
an event this size limited the places for dematerialization arrivals and departures .
he had seen worse than this , a thousand times worse than this , but he knew parisa , her careful world sequestered in a place of books and fairy tales .
she could keep havily in the darkening indefinitely , but there was one problem : an individual had to exit the darkening at the point of entrance , which meant havily would have to return to her place of incarceration before she could leave it .
it was one of her rules , an important rule , one that had for years helped her to feel like she had a place in the world , that all her exceptional and useless gifts could exist side by side with normal .
commander darian greaves , with one whisk of his montblanc pen , could authorize a seat at his geneva round table , the place of all future authority for the coming order .
he was in his element , that public place of societal ranking that most pleased his simple avaricious , power - hungry soul .
shit , this hurt because it went to the central issue , the reason he should never have married helena in the first place .
` ` learn your place , ascender wells .
she had what she desired most , a place in a society that accepted her bizarre range of powers , and a real hottie of a vampire for a boyfriend who adored making love to her , taking her blood , and exploring her mind .
from what he understood , the bonding process had many avenues , sometimes occurring over a period of time , at others with a strong decision of the will , and even gerrod had said that his bonding with abigail had taken place during captivity and had involved a sharing of each other 's blood .
he now viewed his life as having taken place in two parts , before he 'd begun his pursuit of batya , and now after .
he 'd had three blissful days and nights with batya and during that time his love for her had deepened to a place he 'd never thought possible .
that 's when the reason for his hesitation fell into place .
his first thought involved wondering how the hell he would find samantha , then he mentally kicked himself for not following her home in the first place .
* * * * * * * * * samantha had slipped into a place she 'd never been before , a part of herself undiscovered until now .
the only understanding that had been reached was that she desired him and he desired her , and that the realm world had no place for a human female in a mastyr vampire 's life .
but certain pieces of this weird puzzle began to fall into place , how drawn she was to gerrod , that she could communicate telepathically with him , that she could access his personal frequency .
and now the giving of her sustenance seemed to click into place with her sexuality .
everything seemed to have a place in vojalie 's home .
why had she even slept with the charming , good - looking , arrogant idiot in the first place ?
and in his new purpose he had come to a new place of peace with himself , a tacit truce with his own eternity .
he was n't sure it was his place to be telling brittany she still looked attractive after giving birth , or if she would take that the wrong way .
he had never wanted them in the first place , so she 'd be damned if she 'd leave them there .
after sitting there for ten minutes , trying to calm down , trying to fit the pieces of the legal puzzle into place , i concluded that the only thing i could do was go back to my room and study for my final exam , a nine a.m. bio test the next day .
that in leaving , i could find my place .
there was no place in that apartment for me while kylie was trying to recover .
that if guilt drove me to that place , then i was going to have to figure out how to let go of the guilt .
only when he glared back at the woman , whose screams were not helping his situation , did everything completely fall into place .
something that had no place in her life now that she was going to be a mother , with huge responsibilities .
he had always been conscious that he could never go back , could never be that child again with all his innocence , who knew his place in the world and was loved .
my wishes had no place in my marriage , and there was no recourse .
she could see it in her mind 's eye , the beautiful women , the candlelight , fluttering fans , flirtation , men moving confidently and arrogantly , sure of their place in the world , their worth .
i was a different woman than i had been when i married damien - now i was triumphant , quite pleased with myself , with my husband , with my place in the world .
the air was warm and clear , the world a humming , peaceful place , and it was my time to leave it .
so she asked for a place in the demon world , requested the same bargain that damien had - immortality in return for sexual servitude . ''
there were too many things to think about , to dissect , compartmentalize , and the most obvious place to begin was with marie .
she wanted to know that she was entitled to a place in his arms , wanted to claim it and own it , but was scared to make the first step .
there was a sour smell in the room , but gabriel ignored it , knowing a foul odor was not out of place in the house of rest .
sara did n't know where to start , exactly , but she figured the easiest place was to explain why she was really in new orleans .
seven members of the comeaux family sat down to dine , hearty and hale and confident in their place of power in our city , on the second day of the infestation , and twenty - four hours later all save one were dead .
regan found her place again .
he needed to know , needed to see whether he was mentioned at all or not , but the yellowed pages sucked him back into the past as he flipped through them , and the past was a place he never wanted to return .
his leaving had sent me into a dark , ugly place that had taken months to crawl out of it and i did n't want to fall down into that well again .
he took you , he took my place in your family away from me , and he took the only real home i 'd ever had away .
he 'd made me feel that somewhere , there was a place for me in the world .
he should have had the sense to stay the hell away from her in the first place .
he looked nearly as out of place in cuttersville as she did .
there did n't seem to be a place for her in either the world she 'd been born into , or this one here on the tucker farm .
the place you know you 're meant to be ? ''
i drop my eyes to my lap before i think things i have no place thinking .
it 's not my place to tell him anythin ' . ''
i smile sweetly , and she stares at me in shock for a second before turning on the balls of her feet and storming to a pretty little convertible that looks so out of place in the grove .
somehow , they do n't look out of place in the small , tucked away village .
the world is a beautiful place , devon is a beautiful place , you just have to open your eyes and see it .
'' fight for what you believe in , never give up and never forget why you believe in the first place , '' i echo the words dad said to me so many times before he died .
whatever made her leave ai n't enough to bring her back , or she never would have gone in the first place . ''
` ` and it 's not my place to tell you .
conversations like that make me remember why i fell for her in the first place .
i drop my mouth to hers again , my tongue instantly finding its place against hers .
braden carter seducing a girl ai n't exactly gon na be out of place , is it ? ''
anything other than sexual attraction and feelings of sexual want do n't have a place here , not on my watch .
the memories are cracked , a little fuzzy in some places , and sometimes the sound goes , but i still remember .
it 's full of emotions that have no place in this conversation .
i swallow the words forming in my mouth , the ones full of truth that have no place in a time of doubt , and i swallow the question i do n't want to hear the answer to .
each one is a reminder why i should have stayed away from her in the first place and why i should now .
it 's a spicy scent that 's so out of place in california , but so right for him .
it 's times like this i remember why i came to berkeley in the first place .
i just need to figure out how to help aston , and then maybe everything else will just ... fall into place . ''
` ` until everything falls into place , i 'll help you .
apart from with megan , outside is the only place that gives me peace .
maybe that 's what drew me to her in the first place , but when i look at abbi all i see is abbi .
she was still a child , whose only true happiness came from the same place mine did - holding onto a barre .
i ' m the only one brave enough to step into the place that was his sanctuary and filled with everything that made cam , cam .
` ` i have a hunch that cheering might be out of place at a football game . ''
i take a moment to close my eyes and get into the place where i forget about the eyes on me .
i can see it all falling into place .
the strength in his gaze and gentleness of his touch worked together to remind her why she 'd gone this route in the first place .
just as he should have known better than to start a relationship with her in the first place .
triage was in place for major injuries to the left , minor to the right .
it 's not my place to speak about your feelings ... for all three women you loved more than life until- '' ` ` fine , your point is made . ''
another ` ` coincidence '' snapping into place .
the image of them together clicked into place in her mind .
all the pieces fell into place , neatly tied up in his mind .
a strange color that seemed as out of place on his skin as the lights misting overhead .
she lived off alimony from a man who 'd never cared about her in the first place .
she would never have that traditional safe place with her father that other daughters seemed to have so effortlessly .
for so long he had tried to keep his guard in place around her , never allowing himself the unrestrained luxury of simply looking at her .
that also made her wonder again who 'd given her the tip to look there in the first place .
there 's a place for you as long as i have a say . ''
i ca n't leave you here to face this alone , not when it 's my fault the guy 's tracking you in the first place . ''
congressman mooney exchanged a look with raintree before she , as the senior congress member , continued , ` ` we 're pleased with what you have in place to protect our safety and the integrity of the congressional hearing .
` ` maybe you have a point about your input being valuable earlier on , but this is n't some paint by numbers deal where everything just fell into place .
he 'd focused on thinking about the negatives they brought out in each other , until he 'd lost sight of her positives that had enticed him in the first place .
chuck fought against consciousness , trying like hell to will himself back into the place where he did n't have to worry about what he might slip and say .
her trip down memory lane reminded her of the reasons she 'd fallen for this man in the first place .
` ` it 's not my place to offer advice or platitudes . ''
but would they have a place for her ?
jeez , how selfish of her to have forgotten what brought him to her in the first place tonight .
her place and reclaimed life .
reason reminded him that seventy percent of the world 's kidnappings took place in neighboring colombia .
her innate goodness was one of the things that had drawn him to her in the first place .
logic told him the rage he felt must be nothing compared to what roared inside of her with no place to go .
but facing it with you made me realize the problem was n't from a place , it was inside me .
why the hell had he thought he wanted to talk in the first place ?
our mother hurt monica , as well , and it is not my place to solve their issues . ''
selfish wishes had no place here between them .
if he even knew what to do for her in the first place .
he 'd found his place in the world outside his father 's influence .
confusion shuffled the new piece of information in his brain seeking a place in the puzzle .
a world without his broad shoulders seemed an empty place .
it could be anything from demanding her rightful place in the investigation to rappeling off another church tower .
he had no place in her life , in her decisions , or in this moment .
he slammed the door closed , kicking himself ten times over for ever putting her at risk in the first place .
it was how she coped in a world that did n't always have a place for her .
piecing together bits of gray 's childhood along with some professional observations slid the picture into place .
not that it replaced him or the place he could have had in her life .
at some point they 'd lost their place in the line .
that 's why i came to you in the first place .
in her expensive , cream - colored designer suit , she looked out of place in the homey family kitchen .
if she defined home as a place inside someone 's heart .
my place is in queens .
i ' m sure you 'd relax once you see everything will fall into place . ''
he looked settled and comfortable , a man who had a rightful place in her home .
but first he had to face why he 'd walked out on it in the first place .
he has a place in history he 's earned .
he was in purgatory , that awful place between heaven and hell .
desire had no place in their relationship .
she allowed him to carry her away , to a place where sensation ruled and rational thoughts were not permitted to intrude .
sentiment had no place in her life , chelsie thought .
no luxuries to make those without feel out of place , but chic enough to allow people with money to believe they 'd sought out an equal in their attorney .
for reminding me of my place .
she could n't change the past , and dwelling on it only made her unhappy , a mood that had no place in this house with this family .
` ` it was n't my place to tell you . ''
mike was n't that far gone , but he had to admit cara had him in an unfamiliar place that had him reeling .
yesterday i saw my place in the family for the first time , and i ' m grateful , '' he admitted .
nick had maintained the rustic feel , so the house was n't completely out of place in the area , but it had a newer , more modern look on way more than one lot of land .
and in the end , he 'd not just survived the day , but he 'd found a place with these people - if he wanted one .
please let him want that place with them , but most of all , with me , she thought .
this woman , so capable and independent on the outside , so soft and genuine and giving on the inside , had carved out a place for herself in cole 's heart .
though he knew she meant well , cole 's mind was in one place only .
so whether or not he wanted to admit his feelings for her , she was forging a place in his life .
although his touch usually warmed her , today she was ice cold , inside and out , her father 's behavior having reminded her of her place , not just in his life , but in sam 's .
but sex had its time and place .
it had no place in her real life .
with his day 's growth of beard and his casual clothes , he appeared ridiculously out of place in the formal room , and yet nothing could detract from his rugged , bad - boy good looks .
she held a special place in his life and his heart , he forced himself to acknowledge , and sleeping with her was the answer to every dream he possessed .
her soft , melodic voice sounded out of place in the drab hospital room and in the face of her dire circumstances .
he 'd fight her need to return to the place she loved best , the place that helped her to find her place in the world .
` ` and here i thought it was my place to make you sigh with pleasure ... but if it 's ice that works for you ... '' he opened the zipped seal and reached inside .
her thoughts were all over the place , as were her nerves .
` ` whose place is this ? ''
he did n't know why he baited her in the first place except he hated her turning a blind eye to the truth about her sibling .
kelly had cemented a place in liza 's heart that she did n't give away easily either .
` ` because you seem as out of place here as i am . ''
more than ryan 's unsigned divorce papers , this kiss assured kelly that annie held no romantic place in his heart .
do n't let nash bring you back to that dark place , '' faith warned him .
she had n't had many close friends , and annie , who 'd accepted her so quickly , confided in her about her ms and about joe , held a special place in kelly 's heart .
a place he 'd created for himself .
though they 'd fallen in love and made plans for the future , he 'd still been insecure about his place in her life .
tonight with his brothers had proven otherwise , putting him back in his place .
` ` i set a place for miss faith , '' she said before turning her back and walking out .
she will continue to be a part of you whether or not you deny her a place in your life .
` ` i ' m sure your place in boston is fine .
he needed to accept that his first impression , the gut feeling that allowed him to bond with her in the first place , was the correct one .
it was difficult not to remember all the things that had drawn him to her in the first place .
he 'd lived in an armed camp before his mother had moved out , and the kitchen had never been a place of refuge .
she piqued his arousal , his interest , she tugged at his heart and found a place inside him forever .
so many bad memories had taken place in recent years , she 'd almost forgotten there had been any good ones .
the animals obviously filled a void in her life , but with such a rambunctious family , he wondered why she felt the emptiness in the first place .
she 'd intended to take him away from all the pressures in his life and bring him to the one place where he could be himself .
` ` look , it 's not my place to judge the past .
in the one short week since roy 's arrest , everything that had been failing before fell into place now .
ironic that she 'd been coerced into coming to the island in the first place and now she didn ' t want to leave .
though he 'd deny it aloud , he had a special place in his heart for the little one , as he liked to call micki .
he 'd come across as a concerned man , a fallible human , and a star who was acknowledging his place in the public eye and using his mistake to educate america 's youth .
` ` it 's not like anything else around here is falling into place , '' she muttered .
yank had n't a clue what those were , but the man seemed resigned to spencer 's orientation and place in riley 's life .
his aging mother was unsure of her place in hollywood and in her children 's lives .
accept my relationship with mike without any interference or lose not just her place in my life but her position as our manager . ''
i thought if they got together then everything would fall into place , but i ca n't force them to date each other , which is unfortunate , '' lottie said , and there was a crackling sound as she rolled up the empty chip bag and shoved it in the trash .
there was a very special place in hell for guys like that , and i had no doubt satan was keeping it nice and warm .
was that what her place was now ?
after i told you , it seemed stupid that i was trying to keep it a secret in the first place . ''
bags of groceries that did not contain bananas or doughnuts , since hannah suspected maybe an excess of carbohydrates might just be to blame for her sleep problems in the first place .
` ` hello , harry , '' pax said as he entered his home and felt , as he always did upon entering , out of place .
but none had filled that empty place inside him .
he wanted to share his place with her .
not that he was ever really interested in me in the first place , if what you ' ve told me is true .
but it would help if he could figure out what had caused her tears in the first place .
several things clicked into place for marnie in that moment .
hell , that was one of the reasons opus had recruited her in the first place .
and she wondered why they were still hanging around in the first place .
it was always like this when she began the final sprint toward an assignment 's conclusion - her body and brain both reacted anxiously to whatever made all the pieces of the puzzle fall into place .
and he 'd really been trying not to think about why she 'd told him in the first place .
who she was , what she was , the purpose of her life ... and , inescapably , opus 's place in all of it .
an actress had no place in such a life .
i would ' ve found a safe place for him - a place away from people he might hurt .
he watched her , locking eyes as he breached her entrance , as he made a place for himself within her , as he joined their bodies together .
he moved slowly , pressing inside , widening her , making his own place for himself in her body .
` ` and while sarcasm does have its place in polite company , it 's best used in moderation , '' she said sweetly .
for either mr . makepeace must learn to wear a constant mask of false propriety in society - one that he in no way believed in - or she must bring him into the light and teach him to view the world as a more cheerful place .
he paused as if considering and then thrust again , pushing inside , making a place for himself within her warmth .
all in all the room was very nice - and terribly out of place in this den of iniquity .
she was the daughter of a duke , and she 'd known from the cradle what her purpose and place in life was .
ones that challenged his authority and his place in the universe : a marquess should not have to hear the dying confession of infidelity from his wife .
panic was rising in her chest , a suffocating sense that she could never undo her wrong , that she 'd never recover the place that she 'd always had in society and her family .
i ' ve heard '' -he glanced at the girls and appeared to modify his words- '' about events that can take place at such balls .
six years ago in the american colonies , spinner 's falls was the place where the 28th regiment of foot had fallen in an ambush .
there was no place in her life at the moment for such sentimental thoughts .
they were all beautiful , all entirely sure of themselves and their place in the world .
they probably had n't yet attained their twentieth year , and they walked with all the arrogance of money and privilege , confident in their place in society , confident that the woes of the lesser classes would never touch them .
classical piano wafted out of the speakers , completely out of place in the dank , musty - smelling room .
as the four adults spoke among themselves , stacie fidgeted with her stack of toothpicks , feeling awkward and out of place .
he wore a tailored gray suit and shiny black loafers , and looked completely out of place in the musty space .
` ` and you convinced lorenzo to regain his rightful place at the top of his father 's empire . ''
` ` now you tell us how you got tangled up with angelo in the first place . ''
which raised the question of how he 'd gotten in undetected in the first place .
and then vince would earn a permanent place at the boss 's table .
the young one , ethan , seemed almost out of place on morgan 's team .
it seemed out of place coming from such an intimidating , massive man .
the conversation had taken a wrong turn , leading her to a place she wanted no reminders of .
whether the guy would still have a place on the team when this was all over .
` ` i do n't think marriage has much place in this world anymore , do you ? ''
` ` from what i saw of your blood samples there were multiple changes taking place .
there is no place for fear here , i told myself .
i followed lloyd swiftly through the house , sweeping swiftly through the rooms as we searched for anything out of place , but there was nothing .
it was oddly beautiful , and out of place , in the world surrounding us now .
the woods were my place , this was my time .
i often felt awkward and out of place around them due to my clumsiness and larger build , a part of me was convinced i would accidentally knock them over one day .
i had found a place to belong , a place of safety within his arms .
nothing seemed out of place , but sam was not alone and he 'd definitely communicated telepathically with someone else .
he watched them all very closely , observing their interaction , and there was n't a single thing out of place , not one , yet he found himself more certain than ever that something was n't right .
demons had no place in a samurai warrior .
whitney has no place here , nor can he stand between us .
her bedroom is a sacred place , a sanctuary for her .
the hot water , scented soap , and her hands sent him to a place of magic .
she belonged to him , and he wanted to comfort and protect her , to hold her close to him and make her world a wonderful place .
he 'd never experienced the sensations taking place in his body - or his head .
if he was living in hell , well , maybe that was just the place for him .
he was in her mind , a place where he 'd so often taken refuge in the past .
he let his breath out slowly , his belly tight with knots , everything in him protesting her choice , when he 'd been the one to draw her into the mess in the first place .
tansy had no place here .
she had no place in this part of his life .
things clicked into place for her .
kadan took a deep breath and let it out , trying to find a place inside of him that was warm .
of course no one had known genetic experimentation had also taken place .
a step out of place , but she was n't certain why .
and freeman betrayed him for a place on the vice - presidential ballot .
you always have a place here with me , you know that don ' you ? ''
the older parsons wore a long trench coat and with his silver hair and cane looked very out of place in the midst of the fighting crowd of men .
he felt the cold of that other place .
perhaps this discussion would better take place in my brother 's home at a later time . ''
you 're in a place where our ancestors can judge us .
i know he has a place in our future .
the world seems a different place with children in it , bronnie .
is there a way i can take your place in either skyler 's body - the thought of which totally creeped him out - or holding her spirit to this world ?
dimitri wondered how that could be , but then when he went to examine the child , he realized her mother had taught her to retreat into a place in her mind no one could follow .
he had believed in the sacred code , all of it , including the place of women in their society .
he lay there for a long time , his mind wandering to a place of peace .
for the first time though , something disturbed his peaceful place .
she had been with him while he was locked in that dark place of pain and madness .
if there was something out of place he would spot it .
time that is movement , root them , hold each within their place , let all now be frozen so no further harm may take place .
` ` that 's not your place to judge , '' rolf pointed out .
are n't you the one who told me your last project landed a place on your teacher 's list of exceptional achievements ? ''
did she not know that her drive , her spunk was what drew him to her in the first place ?
` ` you always have a place with us . ''
judy woke meg long enough to motivate her to bed and took her friend 's place on the couch .
rick grabbed a pencil from her desk and shuffled things back and forth in the drawer , though she did n't see anything out of place .
` ` is there such a place in this town ? ''
after his brother 's revelation , zach had stood stunned while the pieces of their life snapped into place .
although samantha had done a complete background check on karen long before gwen started working at alliance , gwen did n't feel it was her place to dig into karen 's past .
the floral scent of the shampoo she used found a comfortable place inside his head and took root .
he took one last look around the outside and did n't notice anything out of place .
neil scoped out his lookout , did n't see anything out of place , and moved in .
the feel of his warmth filling her catapulted her into a place of rainbows .
still , when they drove up to the front doors of their home , he peered into the darkness listening to the sounds of the night for anything out of place .
` ` surely there is something in place to aid these families . ''
there 's no evidence of anything out of place . ''
she wanted to question what he did , but did n't know if it was her place .
a three - piece , pin - striped suit stood out of place in the filthy room .
something out of place sounded behind him .
now that monica was back in the states , a formal investigation would take place .
the two of them leaned over the blueprints and discussed the physical changes that would have to take place in the space to make the additional washers work .
` ` was n't my place .
` ` maybe i should go , '' katie said suddenly feeling out of place .
something inside jack clicked into place .
how did the sleeping together fall into place ? ''
of its own volition , her body reached for some unknown place , found it , and shattered into a million sparkling pieces .
and moving forward , in order to find their place in life , was essential for him to return to his world .
it 's as if i found my place in this crazy world , and that place is with you . ''
it 's as if i found my place in this crazy world , and that place is with you . ''
everyone had their duties , their place .
her place was in her time , not in simon 's .
before long , the men returned , reporting nothing out of place .
this was her time , her place , and it showed , from the way she addressed the servants , to how she spoke to her family .
` ` this is n't my time , my place .
his glorious weight secured her place in life .
that would be your place while you are with us . ''
not one of the boys back home could get away with that line without sounding ridiculous and out of place .
but it 's not my place to protect nate .
the place where he is truly himself .
i look at him and somehow , he seems so out of place out here among nature , with his slender , refined body and black eyes .
` ` so this is the fabled place of torment ? ''
but what happens as you get older , is that you realize that the people in high school were never very important to you in the first place .
at this exact inopportune moment , as dare 's touch lights my skin ablaze , the fragments finally fit into place .
just tell her that i sent you and she 'll take special care of you , because she holds a special place in her heart for me . ''
and somehow , i feel like i ' ve been pushed back into my place , as though luca is telling me that i ' m just one of many .
this place is for me , those chains are for me .
a short time later , we find ourselves deep under the city of naples in a place where time seemed to rewind and stand still .
i sit on a nearby marble bench , staring absently at a bubbling fountain in front of me , trying to allow the soft blue light in the water to lull me to a sleepier place .
she was clearly out of place in this neighborhood and people were beginning to stare .
he looks so tanned and healthy and strong in the white hospital bed , so entirely out of place in this building full of sickness .
it tugs on the maternal place in my heart , the place that wants to keep him safe .
it tugs on the maternal place in my heart , the place that wants to keep him safe .
` ` i have a sense , though , that you never wanted me to be persephone in the first place . ''
the place dimitri and his ilk considered their own , the place where it did n't matter what they drank or how they found their pleasure .
corvindale tells me you 're intimately familiar with cezar moldavi and his place in paris . ''
he had no place in her thoughts , in her life , in this place with chas woodmore .
he had no place in her thoughts , in her life , in this place with chas woodmore .
he 'd had no place in his life for weakness or sentiment of any sort .
the scent of flowers hung in the air , a light scent , totally out of place in the all but barren land .
there had to be some kind of special place in hell for a guy like him .
another piece of the puzzle slid into place .
` ` you did this , '' she said again as the puzzle pieces slipped into place .
when i heard that shit , i could n't believe how wonderfully things were falling into place . ''
and things started to click into place for him .
he 's the little brother of the man who stole my heart , and now , after ten years of being up my butt every day , he 's finally found his place in my life : right hand man .
my only goal is to get rid of his problems and bring him back to his creative , happy place .
she 'll be left to her own devices , to a life of peace and serenity where violence has no place to take root .
it has n't taken long for nicole to find her special place in his little family , and now that she 's been forcibly taken away from him , he realizes how much he really does n't want her to go .
you have a sense of your own power , of your own place in the world .
she needs to stand on her own two feet now and figure out her place in the world .
the darkness covers her sight and brings her to another place , a place where there is only heat and love and an urgency building inside her .
silver linings are never good enough to make up for the clouds , but they do have their place in the scheme of things .
` ` you know your place in the man - woman hierarchy , so you have nothing to fear . ''
he was surprised they even let him in with the dog in the first place , but he figured it was probably the fact that they looked like they 'd just barely survived a bombing or something that had caused the hospital staff to bend the rules .
he said it 's a place where socially unacceptable ideas , wishes or desires , traumatic memories , and painful emotions are put out of the mind through psychological repression . ''
jack jumped in , trying to bring the mood back to a happier place , ` ` i ' ve stayed in those rooms before , they 're not bad .
thank god at least jersey has found his happy , calm place .
a spark of jealously flickers in my heart , but i stomp it down in a nanosecond , knowing shit like that has no place in a bff relationship .
i ' m in some sort of fluffy , cloudy place sitting this close to him .
the others would no longer have a place in her mind or heart .
he has this place for the other .
` ` we ca n't find any link to him and cara- '' the pieces fell into place .
he was a fairly wealthy guy who wanted to invest in my place .
our place .
` ` it 's not my place to break that woman 's heart more than it 's already been broken . ''
they do n't have a place for someone like you . ''
the tiger would soon realize he did n't have a place in this equation .
horror took its place on her mother 's face .
the guy needed to learn his place - and that place was nowhere near maya .
the puzzle that was cadence fell into place .
this was his place .
he 'd always have a place for her .
her place .
acting like this was his place .
but as hyde gazed at her , recognition kicked into place .
everything was falling into perfect place for him .
` ` this is n't your place , wolf . ''
it was smart she 'd taken it to cal the police , but stupid that she 'd been there by herself in the first place .
and somehow those words remind me of something , a phantom memory i ca n't quite place .
because tomorrow we 're running away , just like we should have in the first place .
they asked why james has n't been by the house , and i told them he was studying - which is probably why they were suspicious in the first place .
but first , i relive the moment for myself , seeking my own safe place in the program .
he does n't offer me the white pill anymore , which tells me that maybe i never really needed it in the first place .
it was n't the way it had been before - i knew it never could be - but we 'd reached a comfortable place .
and it 's not your place to keep me away . ''
i 'd forgotten that i did n't have a place on the squad yet .
` ` taking your rightful place at the helm soon , hopefully . ''
her long black dress and eyebrow ring make her look completely out of place in our laid - back beach town .
i ask , not clear on how harlin fits into the life of an old psychic in the first place .
in fact , i ' m not even sure why i let him kiss me in the first place .
the girl and her family were all strong supporters of the human extremist groups that had been calling for certain laws to be put in place to monitor , control , and isolate shifters .
she had come to trust him as much as she trusted taryn - which was saying a lot - had come to depend on him , and had come to finally accept his place in her life .
if a bond seemed to be taking too long to click into place , resentment and anger and depression would build - not a good combination .
a strong smell of salt filled the air , out of place in the room .
the chilling smile he gave her made everything suddenly click into place .
that bond we had does n't mean any less because he once filled a place inside me .
` ` she has no place here . ''
` ` no warner will ever have a place here . ''
` ` you ' ve no place here . ''
it made sense that the bond had never clicked into place before now , he mused .
i bit him yesterday and the bond clicked into place .
never had his wolf liked strange wolves around his mate - hell , he 'd never liked any males around her - but as their mating bond had n't fully clicked into place , his wolf was even worse .
although i 'd passed each stage and was rare in being a feeder - a vampire able to absorb and manipulate energy - i was denied a place .
but it does n't explain how i ' m healed , or how i ended up unconscious in the first place . ''
that once i finally found her , everything would fall into place , you know ?
it was a special place to me that i had no intention of sharing with them .
he had denied me a place in the new squad , despite that i 'd earned one .
telling sam about my past would mean going back to that place in time in my head , and it would mean taking sam there with me .
there 's no place for a female in the legion . ''
while i tried to get my head in the right place , another four blokes entered .
i knew it was childish that i did n't nod back , but both of them should have done the fair thing and told jared not to be so biased against women and give me the place i 'd earned in the tryout .
` ` look , luv , i know it 's not my place to say , but i ' m going to say it anyway - and i say this with love - you 're being a silly little mare if you 're going to hide from some bloke . ''
and it does n't mean you get to be arrogant or forget all the experiences that made you what you are , that gave you your strengths in the first place . ''
i guessed that hearing me say i felt that way was making everything click into place for him , giving him even more optimism that this girl would soon be in his life .
i spoke in a grave , cautioning voice as i continued , ` ` now you listen to me : personal business has no place in this arena .
the panic in my best friend 's voice worked like a magic spell , snapping me out of the weird place i was stuck in .
finn looked really out of place standing on my lawn with a bow and arrows over his shoulder .
the dark fae want to assert their place in society .
a girl who needed to help her best friend tony find his place in the whole fae mix .
last time i saw one take place was when chase got attacked in the forest during our changeling test , and the guy had bitten him on the neck kinda like a vampire but without the actual sucking or drinking of the blood .
it 's as if we were all suddenly transported to a completely blank place with nothing on the floors , walls or ceiling but emptiness .
at first my connection was almost imperceptible , just a fluttering ; but then i sensed a stretching - a reaching out beyond this place where i was right now .
` ` they have different opinions about what our place in the world should be , but i ' m not so sure that world domination is a proper description of their goals . ''
i had reached a place where i was no longer able to do what i needed to do to escape .
we must all work together to help them find their places in our family . ''
` ` you speak about the gray like it 's a place . ''
her enthusiastic welcome did n't mean a whole lot when i thought about the reasons i had left in the first place .
i needed to get back into the forest and far , far away from this lake - this place of death .
` ` but , '' i sniffled , ` ` when connegar came to get me , and took me to the place where this world connects to the next , i saw several people .
` ` mom , do you have a place for me ?
lendill wore a suit and looked out of sooknd place against the finery of his father and brothers .
lendill had always felt out of place , though .
that might have been my place if i 'd been ordinary .
and if he does not survive , have your youngest place compulsion on aldah to clear reah 's name . ''
come to kifirin with us - we will find you a place there . ''
* * * ` ` things are falling into place , '' jes informed ardalin later .
if that means wearing glasses with no prescription , it is n't my place to judge .
i won the fight , and that means my place in dauntless is secure for the time being - i should feel satisfied , not afraid .
i feel like i ' m fourteen years old - gauche , as always , and out of place .
her family has money , and she 's grown up confident and sure of her place in the world .
i am standing in this enormous room feeling out of place .
i remember the brief snippets of conversations he 's had about darfur ... it all falls into place .
i am crossing to the dark side , a place in my psyche i do n't know well but have visited before in the playroom - with the tallis .
what was out of place ?
` ` because it 's not my place to say .
` ` just as it 's not your place to say if i can or ca n't see jose .
the why was from his place of darkness .
thinking about those around me who did love me needed to be the first place i started .
i had to keep reminding myself the roll i played in his life every time i began to think about his future and worry over things that were not my place to worry about .
i felt so much anger - not only at him , but at myself for not protecting her from him in the first place .
but i think i ' ve always known that my place was here , in llano . ''
i nodded my head and said , ` ` or my place . ''
i just sit here every day expecting him to come to his senses but maybe ... maybe he never really loved me in the first place . ''
` ` um ... considering the fact that i ' m not lily 's mother , or cale 's wife , i do n't think it 's my place to stay here any longer . ''
it 's not my place to say , so i need you let jack talk to you .
in that moment , i wondered what i 'd ever seen in him in the first place .
he is n't taking me from you because i was never yours in the first place .
you 'll always hold a special place in my heart - always .
trey would always have a special place in my heart , but my heart belonged to scott .
i think i have come to a place where i am able to forgive him .
the wedding , the baby - everything is just falling into place for us ... finally ! ''
for the first time in my life , i cried , and it was for losing something i never even had in the first place .
not a thing out of place .
to protect their place in society .
i had to wonder , even if i wanted my father back in my life , would i have tried to make a place for him in it ?
but how can miss this when i never truly had it in the first place ?
despite all the bad stuff that 's come with finding out who i am , at least i ' ve also found my place in this world . ''
it was n't until they were about to leave the room and venture downstairs for breakfast when jai returned them to a more serious place .
everything that happened to him , including what happened to fallon , it was all because of my place in his life . ''
i 'd hate to think you are the reason charlie was put into protective custody in the first place . ''
` ` i could go on for hours , but it 's not my place .
we all are looking for a place in life , somewhere we fit .
a warm body nudged into my side and i glanced up from the broken place i 'd just been in to stare into lowe 's gorgeous face .
because of them , my head was in a weird , messy place and i knew my family would recognize it right away .
i just do n't think it 's my place to talk about this stuff . ''
i 'd been thinking about jake constantly , now that everything else seemed to be falling into place .
` ` so i think you know i get you , and that what i ' m going to say comes from a place of experience and the desire for my wee sister to find the happiness she deserves . ''
a friend who would have known something was going on with her in the first place .
` ` it 's your place . ''
the police arrived just before cynthia , who was understandably dumbfounded at what had taken place in her home .
you could ' ve had a more exalted place in her heart , said magnus .
` ` there are some who believe the gods have returned to us again and are now battling for a place in the world .
the last piece of his erratic history fell into place , and she truly was glad he had n't given in and bound himself to that god 's service .
` ` what we ' ve always wanted : you to take your rightful place in the group you were born into and step up now that we need you . ''
maiwenn appeared , gliding forward in a silvery blue dress that seemed out of place in this scene .
i was trapped in this terrible place , full of torture and mind control ... but i had a friend - one friend - even if no one else knew .
but i do know that place plays on guilt and self - worth .
because when we 're together , i feel like i understand my place in the world .
his were about guilt - he still felt responsible for her being taken in the first place .
blood pounded in my ears , and a cool sense of purpose slowly slid into place as i drew on all of wolfe 's lessons .
she would watch the queen 's empty body from within her own violated one , would see the stillness of that empty vessel and wish her own self might be a sacred place , a clean and empty cloister unscuffed by trespassers .
it was an otherworldly place and esme felt a tingling of recognition at odds with her awe for its alien strangeness .
on the other hand , if thiago was this - intelligent , powerful , and sane - and he stood shoulder - to - shoulder with karou to shape the destiny of their people , what place was there for akiva in that ?
akiva needed to bring them to a different place altogether : to acceptance , however reluctant .
he was inside the pain , in the place where he worked magic .
it was like wandering past the cordon of her known mind into some place deeper and stranger but no less real .
the rasp of the lighter - a little red plastic lighter with a cartoon face on it , entirely at odds with the seriousness of its task , not to mention out of place in this world - and zuzana lit the incense cones , one by one down the line .
hours akiva had lain here in his dreaming , in the place inside his pain .
but morgan needed the last piece of this puzzle to fall into place , and so when , at last , he heard the famous anchorman say , in a bemused voice , ` ` as for the source of these startling images , well , it provides the answer to another mystery many of us had given up hope of ever solving .
looking back at it was like peering down a dark tunnel - all his life since - at a bright place of light on the far side , where color and feeling were amplified .
55 lunatic poetry akiva had descended , many times now , through dark levels of mind to the place where he worked magic , and he was no closer to understanding where it was - internal or external .
by the time esther 's phone rang , she had gone far beyond fury to a bright white echoing place that might have been the waiting room to madness .
the phantoms vanished instantly , as if they were never there in the first place .
but she never told anyone what she did - everyone simply assumed that tristan had never truly died in the first place .
but then a kind of understanding settles into place for him , and the pillow slips from his hands .
i do n't think he 's slept all night and i want so desperately to know what 's been happening in his life but i know it 's not my place to ask .
my head is in a weird place , and i think it 's because i have n't been able to shake warner 's story from my mind .
something inside her clicked into place and she felt inspired .
david said , ` ` not my place to talk about it . ''
i should have never walked on in the first place .
wilder is picking me up in half an hour , and my levels are in a good place .
the rest will all fall into place . ''
some of the myths say he made a bargain and gave his immortality to free prometheus , and agreed to take his place in the underworld .
now i remember why i did n't put much stock in her prophecy in the first place .
she was just standing there with that oversized shirt hanging off one shoulder and these short f**king shorts , and she looked so completely out of place in that cell .
this one girl does n't define my place here , but i ca n't take another moment today where my shortcomings are thrown in my face .
if i bring him into this place , even in my thoughts , one of two things will happen .
and one has no place with the other .
while he had always thought of purgatory as a gray sort of place , the faint reddish light that hid everything around him seemed suitable .
lady dunsany looked distinctly out of place in the stable .
now we had come to the place where we would begin to know each other again , and discover whether we were in fact the same two who had once existed as one flesh - and whether we might be one again .
` ` abandawe a magic place , '' ishmael put in , deep voice soft , as though he feared to speak of it out loud .
it is not the place of science to insist on explanation - but only to observe , in hopes that the explanation will manifest itself . ''
and it would be foolish to hate a man for not giving ye something he hasna got in the first place . ''
modesty had no place in childbirth .
which was to say , thoroughly out of place in new bern .
it had occurred to her for one nightmare instant that she might be pregnant - but she 'd sat up abruptly in bed , and the world had settled at once into place around her .
the interlude in the commandant 's garden seemed as though it had taken place in someone else 's life , but i laid my head on jamie 's shoulder , relaxing against his solid warmth .
by the way , i hear that there is a rather heated discussion taking place between the british secretaries of state as to which of them shall make an approach regarding my previous offer - and to whom , exactly , to make it .
` ` no place in polish army , but i know how to build things , i come where things to build . ''
and his place will know him no more .
he frowned , at a loss for a moment , and then the name dropped into its proper place in memory and he stared at her .
and yet he usually felt very comfortable in this room , felt it was his place .
i had n't really expected to and lay for a bit trying to fit reality back into place around me .
he 'd thought he would n't make it the last time , coming back on ocracoke , mind and body shredding in that place that was neither place nor passage .
not her place to speak of such goings - on , said her primly sealed mouth .
like someone out of their proper place , pretending .
he followed andre through the orderly aisles of tents , hearing the clinking of mess kits and feeling the comfort of the army 's stolid routine settle into place around him .
and his place shall know him no more .
i know it 's not my place to judge you - but if it was , man , you 'd burn in hell . ''
as he did so , though , he felt a permanence form in his heart , a quiet sense that even though he had only these few seconds , he would have them forever , could come back to this place , this time , in his mind .
i felt my mocking half smile shift into place .
i wondered why in the hell someone like her would pursue a career in education in the first place , but i would n't ask .
my mind is suddenly all over the place , and so are my eyes .
i was n't going to pretend like what i did had a place in the quiet burb like bax and dovie , and living in a run - down apartment was no different from crashing at the loft .
it does n't have a place in the kind of life she 's got going on . ''
he looked as out of place in the dingy alley as i felt .
a girl could quickly become addicted to that feeling , and there was no place in my life right now for a frivolous addiction .
i really never should have let her into the fortress in the first place .
the trick is not to fear it , but to embrace it and make your own place in it . ''
it took making my own place in the world , finding my real family and my real place , to understand what life was really about . ''
i understand you have a lot going on and that you 're trying to find whoever did this to me in the first place .
i frowned really hard as the pieces of the puzzle started to lock into place in my head and all the wrong things with the situation started to burn bright and clear behind the fear that was coursing through me .
this is the kind of stuff that has no place there . ''
when she 'd finally drawn her own conclusions , a look of sadness slid into place over her features .
he said that traitors do n't have any place in his life and that he 's with someone named drake . ''
after leaving tommi upstairs with that , i ca n't just sit on my hands and wait for things to fall into place any longer .
it 's just a dream , a foggy place where i go to escape whatever is happening to me .
with a strike so fast , it seems out of place in this molasses moment , sig 's hands snap out to cup my face and his lips crash down onto mine .
` ` it 's not your place to change cabin assignments , '' i bite testily .
even after al the fear and horror and unnatural events of the last few hours , bo was able to transport me to another place .
i knew i 'd final y found the place of reckoning , the ideal situation that my lovely iofiel wrote about .
` ` it 's not my place to tell you that .
` ` oh , '' i said , feeling a sheepish grin slide into place .
her tiny shoulders rose and fell with her deep , even breathing and i thought i could actually feel her wiggling her way into my heart and making herself a place there .
it was not my place and none of my business .
` ` ah , is that the click - clack of puzzle pieces i hear , finally falling into place ? ''
they had no place here now .
i could tell he was lost again - somewhere , some place in time , in sensation - and for some reason , i was afraid to bring his attention back to me .
the unwelcome interruption was exactly what i needed to get my head back in the right place .
it makes me happy in some way , in some place i 'd rather not explore too deeply .
i love a woman that knows her place . ''
her life is happy and perfect , not a place for all my troubles and woes , let alone a place for death and loss .
her life is happy and perfect , not a place for all my troubles and woes , let alone a place for death and loss .
it has no place in my present .
a millisecond after hearing the name , pieces began to fall into place .
i pulled the covers over my head and lay still until i drifted off into that strange place between sleep and wakefulness , the place where there are neither dreams nor conscious thoughts , just ... quiet nothingness .
i pulled the covers over my head and lay still until i drifted off into that strange place between sleep and wakefulness , the place where there are neither dreams nor conscious thoughts , just ... quiet nothingness .
whatever you call it , it 's the place that 's all around what we can see and touch in this world .
but now , with heartache and betrayal marring those memories as well , home seemed more like a place of torture rather than the sanctuary of solace it was supposed to be .
all this is taking place internally .
` ` a woman who knows her place is beneath me .
i swallow the words that want to rush out , words about love and devotion , words that have no place in this moment .
but then again , it 's not my place , so i 'll just keep my mouth shut .
i ' m having trouble focusing on why i even came to the jewelry store in the first place .
as the details fall into place in my mind , clicking together like so many puzzle pieces , the inevitable question follows .
there 's no place for me here .
freedom to find yourself , find your place in life , find happiness .
she 's happy and driven , and she found her place in life .
my emotions are all over the place , and it 's because of him .
it was very out of place in the spartan compound .
this was a place of power earned through blood , and it was apparently still in use .
i never said words like that , but nik constantly used them , and somehow it did n't seem out of place right now .
her nervous laugh seemed so out of place .
i was feeling more and more a part of the group as time wore on , but they 'd all spent loads of time together , and i was still trying to find my place .
everything was fucking falling into place .
in fact , i was the one who had pushed her to tell them about me in the first place .
i must have fucked up and pulled some social faux pas , but no one was freaking out that aaron had brought up me having sex with some other chick in the first place .
working in a lab was exactly the place for her .
my therapist was the one who pushed me to reach out to you in the first place . ''
i 'd never change that because those are the things that made me fall in love with you in the first place . ''
the gala has always held a special place in my heart for the rekindling of the past and the mingling of political company from both sides of the political spectrum .
trapped in a place where they could n't express themselves and could n't move forward .
if he won , could they move on from the place they were in ?
` ` personal feelings toward politicians have no place in journalism , '' liz heard herself responding dryly .
everything had a place and an order .
` ` i ' m working on creating some way to put in place a filtering mechanism on youtube videos , so i could get past all of the stuff that people watch that is n't actually good and get straight to the good stuff .
she felt as if all the pieces to her life were falling into place in this moment , and it felt incredible .
her emotions were all over the place tonight .
it was as if everything was finally falling into place .
like all the pieces fell into place and the world was singing to their tune and the entire universe was in alignment .
do n't think i ' m stupid enough not to know why you went after her in the first place . ''
liz cried , her emotions all over the place .
she did n't even know why she was continuing this conversation , but something had changed in hayden when everything had snapped into place for him .
` ` oh right , you 're going to uva , '' liz said , the pieces falling into place .
drugs have no place in your life . ''
see her place .
and this place , san antonio , will become a place of memories , a place that once was home , but is n't any longer .
i did and said things i had no place doing or saying , and i ' m sorry .
she has thought herself too free , too quietly sure of her place in the world for jealousy to even occur to her .
it was a floating world of unintelligible rules and regulations , of ordered and as yet unrevealed routines , a labyrinthine rabbit warren of low - ceilinged rooms , corridors and lockers , the vast majority of which led to places where the women were not meant to be .
it 's just that everything has its place .
people have their place .
' it 's a man 's place , after all , to arrange these things .
' no , i ' m just saying , the internet 's a big place .
' ed , ' his sister grabbed at his arm , ' the truth has no place in a courtroom .
she had kept very still , waiting for something to click into place , for the ease with which she had fitted back into her physical environment to seep into her mind .
she had grown adept at hiding them , at convincing the world around her that she was sure of her place in it .
did i not hope that somewhere , many miles away , some good - hearted woman might remind him in a quiet bar that the world could be a place of beauty ?
he watches some brief , internal struggle take place .
there 's a place in organized crime for that girl . '
' it 's not your place to give my kid a birthday treat . '
i had n't talked to her about it - i did n't feel it was my place - but i saw her paying extra attention to hannah , making plans for trips and special treats , and i knew she was engaged in her own form of preparation .
' beaker have promised to put some pretty tough regulations in place . '
i felt the failure of our last outing keenly , and mrs traynor did n't help , coming in and out of the annexe fourteen times to confirm where and when it would be taking place and what exactly we would be doing .
and then i read what will had read - not an opinion piece , but a carefully researched feature about what had actually taken place in this young man 's life .
and remind him that it is not his place to decide both when we enter and depart this world , but that of the lord .
but it 's not my place to grill owen 's sister .
i just hate that he said it in the first place .
i hate how calm he looks , how sure he is of himself in this very moment , while my emotions are all over the damn place .
but there was no place for that tonight .
i ' m not saying i did n't treat her like a callous dickhead several times when we first started dating , but everything else had always clicked into place so easily for us .
` ` tonight just is n't the place for eleanor , '' elliot replied .
what you two feel for each other is not my place to tell . ''
sunday dinners held a place of reverence in my family .
let us know what you think , and we may give the sad little fuck a place in the band . ''
although it felt oddly out of place , applause accompanied me back to my seat .
all three of the pieces in front of me have a sacred place in my heart .
it was coming from a place of first - hand knowledge , from a place of compassion .
so miserable , in fact , that seeing me happy is out of place ?
i just feel out of place and boyish when i wear them , which is weird , actually , since dresses are the most feminine attire women can wear .
other times , i wonder why i feel bad for her in the first place .
` ` very interesting - and what does my place say about me ? ''
when i ' m triggered , pulled under and dragged into a dark place , it 's difficult for me to come out of it .
it has no place in this office , yet i do n't want to put it in the drawer .
there 's no place for that in my brotherhood . ''
it 's my place to carry out swift justice . ''
it 's my place to avenge the wrong . ''
` ` then it 'll be my place to kill her . ''
chapter twenty - two sinclair breckenridge it 's been a week since bleu and i discussed her place in my life .
he loved amanda lawrence very much so bleu holds a dear place in his heart .
as we leave the clinic , my emotions are all over the place .
i ' m sure they have to earn their places within the firm .
except i married into a band of criminals so she 'll never have a place among us .
your wild imagination conjuring things that have not happened has no place here .
her being pregnant with the next generation of fellowship leaders only solidifies her place within our family .
` ` a person exhibiting those characteristics has no place leading the fellowship . ''
i close my eyes and go to that dwelling where it 's only the two of us - like we 're suspended in a mysterious place lost in time .
i ' m able to hold her hand in this dream - like place because she is n't frightened by my touch .
her emotions are all over the place .
try to revisit that place where only you and avery reside when your bond is at its strongest .
curry has always had a soft place in his heart for any girl that reminded him of his sister .
my left shoulder felt a little tight and i prayed it did n't let me down because this was my big chance to prove my place on this team was starting quarterback .
i got the impression jessie did n't want to share much about his personal life , but i could tell he was taking me to a place that held a special place in his heart even if he did n't say so .
` ` adoption holds a special place in my heart because my brother , sister and i were all adopted and i want to help kids needing good homes find them . ''
` ` i believe you have the right to know everything , but it 's not my place to tell you .
i did n't date guys without money or a place at the top of the social ladder .
not to mention he just looked out of place in this shabby trailer .
you ' ve taken a place in my life , in my heart , that was empty before . ''
sex noises seemed really out of place in a church .
` ` yes , but i ' m sick of my place .
i always wake at the same place in the nightmare .
i ' m in a domestic bliss of sorts , a place i never thought i 'd find .
i ' m thinking i may have found my newest purchase , my date for tonight , when my phone rings , bringing me back from a place i was just beginning to enjoy .
taking a pull from his beer , vinny redirects the conversation to a place he 's not going to let me off easily from .
my stare making her think something is out of place .
perfect on the outside , standing tall , defying anyone to question its place in the community .
donovan hung up and started to think that everything would soon fall into place .
for the first time that she could remember , she felt that she had finally found her place in the world .
all the puzzle pieces that she had ignored or excused away over the past several months were falling all too neatly into place .
he vowed to get to the bottom of everything so he could help her get back to where she needed to be , even if that place was in another man 's arms .
he seemed so much stronger than he had been the day before , and telling him may send him back to the dark place he had just returned from .
he jumped up from his chair and hugged the one person that he knew could bring her back from whatever dark place she would be in when she finally woke up .
i did n't feel out of place like the preppies that were huddled in the back at a table .
` ` you just think she does because your emotions are all over the place . ''
she was just gone , off starting a new life that i had no place in .
my emotions were all over the place at the moment .
it all kind of clicked into place when i talked to your stepsister this morning .
she asked with a grin that melted my heart and made me wonder why i had been so anxious in the first place .
` ` i never should have gotten involved with him in the first place .
sure , with the way my emotions had been all over the place lately it was very likely that i could have responded to this scene differently .
` ` this is something that i wrote a few years ago and has a special place in my heart . ''
since marissa had left me , walked away and never looked back , i ' ve been in a dark place .
` ` bryant anthony and liam james , '' i gave them each their names , naming them after the men who held such big places in our hearts .
she wills the transformation to take place so that her suffering might end , but it will not be hurried and she must continue to endure this madness .
i had reached a grey place in my exhaustion where nothing seemed entirely real or entirely unreal , the scuffling might have been my imagination , or it might not have been ; at that point in time i really did nt care .
in old earth lore there is a myth about a girl called mary who follows a white fox down a hole in the earth and winds up in a marvellous place called underland .
it is as though i have entered a place just outside of time .
it did nt seem out of place amongst the many clubbers queuing that night .
tall and ethereal they serve as gardeners in this place of towering wonders , pruning , weeding and nourishing the googolbytes of data stored here .
where you are not , he says simply ; in a place beyond torment .
vestiges of sin and depravity that had no place in the world he and his rocket were heading towards .
but she could not find a place for this man .
i do nt even understand why you rescued her in the first place .
my line of thinking will not only make me rich beyond all imagining , but return the twi'lek race to their true place in the galaxy .
like i realized the world was a much bigger place that day .
it seems rather out of place here .
when does this take place , what role will i play , if any ?
if that place holds them there , what if it did nt exist anymore ?
you also know that i ve always had a place in my heart for children , especially those we were able to help move on .
boss , we ve got four days and things are falling pretty well into place .
major covington opened his eyes , as usual , to the place he always saw on awakening .
annie , i know in my heart that all is forgiven , that you are whole and that there is a place for you on the other side .
graeak walked to the back of the room , to where the pocket dimension he created resided , the resting place of the orb of decay .
it was not their place to judge the mans guilt or innocence .
it truly was masterpiece of architectural design and looked somewhat out of place in this area , but druzeel quickly realized what this place was and knew why it was kept in such good condition .
xavdak scanned the store , looking for anything out of place , but nothing seemed wrong .
it was hard to believe that , even here , preoccupation had a place .
enormous metal archways spanned the upper reaches of the atrium that contained the council chambers , once softly lit by flowering gardens and simulated daylight , it was now a place full of darkened recesses and foreboding expanses .
hope could find no place in her as shepards eyes opened to slits and the ringing in her ears subsided .
none of these things had a place here not now .
so , because we are dealing with peoples dreams , and you could even argue , peoples subconscious , then as a bit of a sick joke we have nicknamed this room 101 , the place for all your worst nightmares !
after the stern approach from davila , his friendly question seemed very odd and out of place .
i was not in my garden , i was in the lab , but this is the place that i can now remember from that weird and vivid dream that i had the other night .
however , just as i was about to drop off to sleep , i began to wonder , would i wake up in yet another strange and unfamiliar place ?
strange as this all was , it now all started to fall into place , and , as both davila and alistair had promised me , i was getting one hell of an adventure .
she was certainly well built to the point that i thought she would not have looked out of place in a rugby line up .
this had taken place because i had been part of project dr2 , under the guidance of alistair and the rest of his team .
however , there are a few things that have taken place that seem to defy any logical explanation at all .
this time i knew and expected to find myself in a place that i did not know .
the older gentleman seemed different , and as out - of place in this situation as tony .
the earthly galactic hero was transfixed by the powers of the mind - crash , an energy that desegregated toms body from mind and hurled his soul across the boundaries of infinity through a vortex of energy to another dimensional place and time to a world beyond where he heard his name called repeatedly in a timbre voice .
he extended his hand and guided tom down another stone path that led from the courtyard to a point beyond an ancient wall , arriving at a place where time melded with the powers of light and darkness .
a place of hell locked in time .
believe me , there s gon na be major changes taking place around here , hopefully , for the best .
toms mind was dropped into an unknown place where he stood in the eye of a sweaty discotheque surrounded by the rapid movement of cute asian ladies .
if it has a name , logically , it has a place in gods unseen world .
he knew that even though he did nt understand what she was saying exactly , the real miracle had already taken place .
the idea of a universal mind and humanitys place in it has now evolved further than ever dreamed of by the ancients .
i forget my place , sometimes .
i want to tell you that there will always be a place for you , in our home , uh , at thanksgiving dinnershoot , i m no good at this sort of thing , just forget i said it .
i believeas you do , stevethat music is the key , not only to our place in the universe , but the very universe itself .
in moments of weakness , a pathetic fantasy emerged in his head : what woman could resist his wealth , his power , and his place of importance in the social matrix ?
because of his radical activities and advocacy of drug law reform , daves name holds an honored , special place on the governments enemies list , and it appears that he has been under surveillance for quite some time now .
i was being promised a place in heaven .
for they were of the world crilshar : dwelling place of the dark house of dishan and its cruel , endless armies .
for what seemed like hours the four discussed many things and anna finally felt as though she had found her place , where she was meant to be .
everything that had occurred , for good or for evil , had brought her to this place ; and as anna berenguer stood in the black - rock chamber into which they had charged , the enormous and terrifying , black - fired and beautiful , sadly - stunning , evil , and utterly unspeakable orb hovered before her , beckoning her across the abyss of space like a clear siren caught in the wind .
as far as i m concerned , he said , looking to dimal , who nodded her agreement , you ve earned your place on the flux .
is nt there another entrance to this place ?
nothing seemed out of place until they turned right at the buildings , and several employee cars bellowed with fire and/or were turned upside down .
there was a place for him in an ancient - controlled earth .
there is a place in germany for anyone who hunts those who hunt us .
he was more practical on the inside than he tried to make out , which was why greg had come to like him in the first place .
hartley supplied , that is not your place to know .
he says the crew should protect me , that s your place and purpose but i think he s just upset that i used one of his tools for something he had nt intended .
in addition , as aaron had demonstrated , powers like telekinesis and flying were now common place .
there was an awkward pause as the beijings captain felt as though she was out of place .
some of them , like milton hartselle , did nt know their place .
rucca moved with nearly supernatural grace , keeping the two sailors standing when it was obvious there was no fight left in themif there ever had been any in the first place .
you re no longer sure of your place , your purpose , and because of your insecurity , i feel your resolve weakening .
shrinking violets had no place on the mars run .
each buckle stamped identification number was duly itemised with a note as to its place in the securing of the load .
instead she returned to the boys to help them pack , thinking about why she tried to stop her in the first place .
also by richard denoncourt trainland outbreak savant table of contents chapter 0 episode i : origins about the author the mind is its own place , and of itself can make a heaven of hell , a hell of heaven .
but it was nt so much the wall that interested michael as what lay beyond it : a place called the eastlands that no one was allowed to enter .
why could nt i leave that place , never look back and find peace outside , in the air , on the ground ?
the old man disappeared leaving trixi alone and wondering if he had ever really been there in the first place .
they saw events taking place in reverse .
all these guys * garbled * place .
did there exist a place for them , marred by science and man , after death ?
she looked up to see an elegant looking woman , looking somehow out of place in such casual clothes in the store .
something felt out of place .
because you and i need to have a long talk about the world and our places in it .
many of them believe that the law of the jungle is the natural way of things , and that the world is a place provided for ambitious people to practice their skills by accumulating wealth and control over others .
yes , culpeper commands a special place in my heart , as well .
it was now an accessible place , a place where he was welcome .
it was now an accessible place , a place where he was welcome .
there was something out of place .
and , trill described his life as taking place inside an egg that can never be shut down .
he would need to learn just how much change was taking place and how much control he had over it .
even i was shocked at how completely it all fell into place .
if a person has become so dedicated to evil that his presence would disrupt the dimensions of heaven , he is taken and held elsewhere , a place that resembles the kind of world where his malevolent actions are the norm .
as i ve said before , cassiopia , the universe is a complex place .
too many questions , i know markman said , so after all this time we now know that even though it was the future , i was visiting a real place with real people , but i do nt really get it , trill told me he was a computer representation of a real person john paul nodded .
he gave out of place answers to the questions his history teacher asked him and almost got a c on a topic he knew backwards and forwards .
shock gave place to looking for an answer to the question what to do .
not that they wished to , but it still made sarah feel special , which , come to think of it , defied the purpose of her being there in the first place .
` ` look on the bright side , we may be the ones to restore alchemy to its rightful place in science . ''
since sarah still had n't figured out whether she was alive or dead this moment brought to her attention that she might be contemplating paradise , or at least her understanding of it , for what other place in creation would be so beautiful , calling directly to her soul like a forbidden siren song ?
and right now , your place is in that store room , metal man .
winston took the indicated position at f.u.s right hand , the place of honor .
everyone must know their place in the new order , winston said .
once these metal men understand their place , he said , we can begin the great building program .
i m thinking there s a better place for you in the new order , fascista said .
if there really was such a place , if ajax had nt just hallucinated into existence with his poor auxiliary brain .
well , hell soon discover his proper place .
he d had no place to stand except within his work .
iridium would just have to come to an understanding of his true place in the new order and dismiss any foolish notions about commanding the security service .
walking through the foyer , eli had never felt so out of place in his life .
i suddenly came to the realization that my seemingly secure place in the back of the pack was not so secure .
after looking around at the others as they slept , i pulled my sleeping bag up under my chin and soon returned to that blissful place beyond consciousness .
paksha took it all in with a good natured spirit which was why izzian and eliza were drawn to the boy in the first place .
` ` but not greatness in the sense we understand it , far beyond that , beyond our little place in the cosmos .
gravity definitely has its place , '' born explained .
` ` gravity does definitely have its place though .
was anything out of place ?
things were falling into place , and the insanity was becoming as real as brain surgery to her and just as effective .
you have taught me once again that other people besides myself have a large place in rebuilding our world .
the very difficulty of climbing up here convinced us that this place is beyond their reach .
` ` careful has absolutely no place in my life at this moment , dad , '' aiden said .
take all five of us down and you will earn your place in the military .
this is no place for the boy .
he then asks twining , what security measures are in place regarding what was found ?
evens is reviewing what has taken place in 1973 .
it applies energy fields that keep the human in a pre - orgasmic state in order to allow mind control and programming to take place .
i felt a pride well up in my breast , but was also slightly disappointed that such skills were not so common place in these latter days .
the imagined the tree spirits reached out to me welcoming me to this place , my fears and suspicions subsided , but underlying this welcoming feeling there was concern .
the stranger said that he could help gain access t this place , but dmntr were suspicious an e demanded that if e were t go into this place e would take with him something of great value t the stranger t ensure that the stranger would aid is return on completion of the task .
something drove me there to that place , something unexplained .
at this he walked back to where his entourage stood and regaining his place amongst them they turned as one and headed back the way they came .
it had many names in many tongues of old , but the gnomes named it mechno babaptruek , it was reputed to have been a great place of science and of learning .
i asked him excitedly about jethrent for i assumed it was a place somewhere in the desert , perhaps the city of the humans that the king had said were supposed to survive in the desert .
it says that all elves were created by the purity of love , the love of enyninrel the father of all , not here in this world but in another place , a place that now is forgotten and no longer has a name that is remembered .
this quiver is crafted to bridge the gap between this world and another place , a place similar , but not quite the same as the world of the ralacry ferdef perhaps , or maybe even the same place , who knows .
but none knew of , or recognised the actual place in the stone , or the significance of what it showed .
i believe that such was the place we saw in the telling stone , one of these planar voids .
but eventually it did nt matter because after passing yet another bridge to another world we arrived at the place where my beloved eathery waited for me .
your race lives half in the real world and half in some other spirit place to the extent you can not tell the difference between the two .
for some void places like this one where used to go between different places , not all of them being in the world that we know .
the dwarves it seemed do nt even know where these void places are , they may not even be in the world as we know it .
we were definitely here , in the keepers domain , the place called teratinuitil .
i will arrange for you to access the inner place , the secret of secrets .
but after it was too late the keepers discovered that this elf had other motives to come here , he learnt how to access the voids and after a while he seemed very interested in one place in particular and spent many long hours in the company of the key to that place .
so we had no choice , this elf one , being the only one with the knowledge of the key entered the brotherhood and became the key to that place .
guess seri , guess who is the key to that place .
i realised perhaps for the first time , i wanted also to visit two people who had come to hold a special place in my heart .
she should be happy that people of learning and substance were taking a prominent place in the media , giving children around the world proper role models to look up to .
at first he found the advice oddly out of place for the situation ; he was not fighting a fire nor did he have any fire based weapon to attack with .
a sly smile took its place on mr . graystones face as a large part of the attending audience began to applaud .
as the new age of reason slowly advanced into the dark regions , more worlds joined , some willingly others less so , to secure their place in the new order and their share of the second gathering 's technology .
i was a prophet of those times , a member of the elite , certain of my place in the universe , eager , to spread the blessings of civilization , some called it empire , others destiny .
upon the next level , lived the high priestess of the almadra , sectioned into chambers and small cells , this level was a place of reverence , entered only with the holy mother 's permission .
deep inside she knew , the gods would no longer have a special place in her heart .
he would do whatever was needed , to keep the tribe strong and appease the gods , it was his place in life and he was satisfied .
osenna shook her head , she did not understand , most of what he ever said , it was not her place and she did not care anyway .
arn went to get her a mug of wine , agart put a hand on his arm to stop him , i will get the po , you are king now , it is not your place to take orders .
she leaned over and took him into her arms , then her world became a place of complete joy and fulfillment , there was nothing else in the universe now , only two bodies that became one .
arn wanted to say something but he held his tongue , it was not his place to interrupt at the talk - stone , every warrior stood up for themselves but he did look at andra and smiled softly .
arn smiled at her , you will have a place of honor in the halls of isarie , he said between gasps .
arn slowly emerged from the darkness , he seemed to move up a dim corridor , leading from the black world that engulfed him , into another place of life and movement .
obec closed her eyes and let her soul rise up from the withered body in which it lived , to a place only the gods could know .
the king shook his head and looked up , that place lies beyond this world , he reached down and picked up an iron bar from the ground .
at that moment , they knew they 'd found a new home , a place where they could survive , a place that was meant for them .
the gods see all , said almec , there is no place beyond their knowledge or care .
the jungles were also the place of the mysterious ragalions , little is known of them but there are legends that say they have great power and know all that is to be known .
there were no imperfections , no blemishes and nothing could be called flawed , in his mind all things were in their proper place , it was his world .
this is my place !
nomads believe there was only one place of torment , the burning pit of marloon .
i will show them that the weak have no place in my world .
maybe it spoke of forgiveness and a place where he would no longer feel alone and afraid , a place filled with sunlight that did not burn .
maybe it spoke of forgiveness and a place where he would no longer feel alone and afraid , a place filled with sunlight that did not burn .
then he looked at the nomad , you and your people were made for war , its your purpose , it is your place in the universe .
there is no such place she said , but deep down inside her she wished that the old stories were true and that someday she might reach that place and fined a little peace .
hearing such things as an afterlife and a female ruler made jon doubt the sanity of his companion , i have died many times and so have you and i have never seen this place .
figman said nothing for a moment or two then his face began to change , no longer old and worn , he was now young and strong , as i have said i was created long ago , i have seen my world change , his face was now older and marked by war , i was a part of that change , programed to seek and destroy , older now and weary , then i went against my programing and roamed the world seeking answers to questions that i no longer remember , his face returned to that of the old man , and now i sit and wait for my journey to end , its a lonely existence but it is what i am , you are young and free , you are just beginning your path , i ca nt come with you although i dearly wish i could for i want to know if there is a place for me , if my wisdom will survive , and i want to see my world green once more .
the young man touched his metal arm again , cooling has taken place , we can now continue .
there was a pause as the mega - machine listened to the words of the human , i have also extended my understanding mother relied , but where will you go , where is there a place for you ?
jon-29 had returned to the place he was created for , and even with the damage to his hand his movements were precise and deadly .
kt-7 watched unmoving as the huge machines crumpled to the ground , she had seen it all and she knew that she would never see her companion again , being a warrior of the outlands she had witnessed many of her comrades and friends die , she was there when her mother perished and held her in her arms and looked into her eyes as she pasted into the afterlife , she had sat with wounded friends as they gave up their lives defending their people , but this was different , she did nt know why but the tears that she was now shedding were more than just remorse , they came from a place deep within her heart , a place that she never knew existed .
the longer you 're here the more used to it you ' ve become until one day when , if , you go back home you 'll feel out of place there .
something deep within tabitha 's mind seemed to fall into place .
then i began to wonder why i woke up in the first place .
above all of their beliefs and primitive understandings of their place in the grand scheme of things , the greegs suffered from one delusion greater than any others .
its not your place to confront me at our home !
religious faith was not banned in any official sense , but it was acknowledged as a universal truth that there was no place for it in our forward thinking and modern society .
there was no place for our weary cynicism , born of confusion and a simmering resentment .
but then , as she sat up and gazed across the lake to the trees and the distant mountains , everything seemed to click into place and a glorious vision unfolded .
having gained a place at the university of her choice , she was now living away from home and free of its rules and regulations .
not only were they entirely out of place in this historical setting , their exquisite workmanship surpassed anything that could be achieved in the workshops here .
somehow they seemed out of place in the heart of london .
its only a two - dimensional place .
morts brutally frank assessment of their relationship last night , that it could never lead anywhere , had thoroughly quenched the elation shed felt at her victory over the aliens , and now the only thing of any consequence was the fact that she was forever trapped in her dolphin body , with no place in morts human home .
somewhere in her brain , probably at the interface between the human and dragon parts of it , translation had taken place without any conscious awareness .
pride of place was taken by a great orange star in the centre .
but that is n't your place to question government decisions . ''
it seemed kind of out of place .
looking at him , he seemed out of place , not quite primitive enough to survive this vicious world .
its eerie glow looked out of place in this crude city .
there must be a place for these people too in our society .
you do nt mean that place of oceans along with myriad of wastelands and ignorance : the one filled with the entity with no name ?
he was standing in a terrible place of heat and fire while still in dar ravens grasp .
we are talking about making a deal with this world to let us have a place for our people if they let us fight this fight for them , right ?
i also have the blue eli that can come and help us in exchange for a place of safety if we let them fight our battle .
let them fight this fight for us , then none of your people or armies need do anything except help us find a place for them in our world .
beyond the wall was truly a place of nightmares , a place of being alone .
beyond the wall was truly a place of nightmares , a place of being alone .
you know , there is always a place for you in my employ .
but now it had a place , a purpose .
it sat on an impossibly large ( for tokyo ) parcel of land with trees and a lawn that would n't have been out of place on a large estate in colonial new england .
if these two truly are descendants of kronus , then would nt they be entitled to a place among the royal family ?
its difficult to explain but it was a dark , cold place , devoid of life and covered in snow and ice .
its not my place to tell you .
i ve never seen him take such interest or place such responsibility in a new member .
everything felt so fuzzy and out of place .
and while much of what you report is somewhat out of place for you i do nt doubt your evaluation of the tactical implications .
he will be allowed his place on the night - watch squad where his unique talents can be put to the best possible use .
every step she took took her further into a damp maw , infinite and deep , like the dwelling place of the great circle of the night , but without the company of stars to ease the stark emptiness .
* * * moths orbited the single flood hanging from the corner of the house like electrons fighting for their place in an atom .
he does nt glance her way , which i think will upset or disappoint her but still she keeps watching him with a fierceness that s out of place in her expression .
you have to understandthe bracelets take you wherever and whenever you need to go , but if you are exactly where you are destined to be they do nt need to take you anywhere because you already know your place .
it takes me three long minutes of watching her for it to click into place , and out of place .
he had to remember his place or she could make sure he was never created .
now , the other cadets and i who had died at the battle of tamarax station were getting our place in history .
i was in a place without time or space .
so moses had found it necessary to remind him that the price of his policing action with the males of the expedition was that he should have her and , that being so , just where was the having supposed to take place ?
it worries me more that perhaps she brought me to this place , in some way .
a place ?
the musical moan which now drifted from isara echoed , oddly out of place in the starkness of the operating arena .
she poured some water into the apparatus , telling how the hydrogen in the water would break down into deuterium , and that fusion would take place within these atoms .
its impressive and all , but , i look at it as a stepping stone towards finding my real place in the universe .
that we continue gathering strength , so that when the time comes , well cast off the aliens , and take our own place amongst the stars .
but my place is down here to keep this place running .
granted , i think he s realistic , in that robots with autonomy wo nt be willing to work for humans- they d want their freedoms , too , pay and a place in society- just another mouth to feed , exerting additional pressure on our already overextended resources .
i remember when you got through rehab , you were so proud ( and ashamed you needed it in the first place ) - and you were so damn pissed off when house did nt kick his vicodin habit when you did- even when he had the chance .
chaytan 's introduction places jake and katree on equal footing with wanahton attaching to wanahton an obligation for room and board .
i am from a planet of a galaxy far off from this one , and there i was supposed to be the king but i had some ego issues at that time and thought of going out and exploring the universe and so i denied all the responsibilities of the king and set sail for an unknown place .
and said the dragon its not going to the previous cave but some other place .
my face must have expressed a little shock as these details began to register like the wheels of a one - armed - bandit clunking into place .
serving two gods is more than a loose end , and gods realm has no place whatsoever for such things .
the blind man earned a place in the bible and yet did nothing holy except to receive , from god .
at the end ; tinker bell tells peter that in the future shell meet him in that place between awake and asleep .
being in this jungle and dealing with all of these crazy things had made me consider my place in the universe a lot recently .
but none of those things shook my belief in my place in the world as much as the look on rosita 's face at this moment .
instead , i felt my place in the circle of life .
the man seemed like the kind of fellow who found the world a highly ironic place to live .
nothing coherent until he shut his eyes once more , not that he could see anything in the first place .
spontaneity has its place , and that place is in our bunk .
spontaneity has its place , and that place is in our bunk .
but it is not our place to do anything about it .
so what is this place ?
and yet she brought me back to this place .
my muse gone to the place i can not follow .
yes , this place is a gateway , it is not the one you seek .
i have declared my intention to claim my muse , but i do not know how to find the place of judgment .
his story led to the place of his seclusion : le thoronet abbey , a place so austere it was made of just three elements , earth , water and light .
i had to understand her place in it .
unsure of his own place in the world , he did not know if he was capable of taking on the awesome responsibility expected of him .
in between the cambrian and the succeeding ordovician period , a mass extinction took place that wiped out many of the new lifeforms .
with the continents still drifting toward their present positions , mountain building took place , creating wondrous ranges like the andes and alps .
strongly motivated by his greed for power in this world , man has always sought ways to ensure himself an exalted place in the next one .
at the height of all our accomplishments , the 21st century should have been a time to celebrate our place as a leading nation , instead of being the most shameful time in american history , something that always depressed michael .
# # # the end of prelude to volume one : forever tomorrow of the book of tomorrows also available from alexander ulysses thor in ebooks & print : bright night past yesterday book one : forever tomorrow volume one : the book of tomorrows dark light present today book two : forever tomorrow volume one : the book of tomorrows coming soon i , messiah volume two : the book of tomorrows the prophet warrior volume three : the book of tomorrows evening dawn future tomorrow book three : forever tomorrow volume one : the book of tomorrows about the author alexander ulysses thor developed a love of the written word at a young age , along with a thirst for knowledge so strong , it motivated him to seek out the truth and find his place in this world .
in the end , those last couple of sessions , he felt that he consciously led the conversation to places that would appease susan , places that would allow her to tick the boxes on whatever forms she would need to fill out to release him , satisfied that she had done her job .
in the end , those last couple of sessions , he felt that he consciously led the conversation to places that would appease susan , places that would allow her to tick the boxes on whatever forms she would need to fill out to release him , satisfied that she had done her job .
when they reached the car , a cheerful red renault clio that seemed oddly out of place amongst the horror in the town , michael produced a single key from a breast pocket , and unlocked it .
the man with the gun had a place .
now at twenty - two , they still felt out of place being the youngest staff working at global nation .
after only a few minutes talking with amica , he realized how out of place he was in this world .
i want you to go through keeper training with henry , help him to understand his place in this universe as a keeper , and how to use his abilities .
i m here to help you find your place in this world , amica said .
she could feel her mind slipping into the dark , longing for a place where she was at peace , away from the loss of her children , and her father , and finally henry .
she was somehow transported to a magical place , that s for sure .
i look at everyone in the room and it seems like someone is out of place .
i m from a place where time actually began .
am i on another world or is this the scientific playground , the place of our origin ?
there s no place for anger !
a light begins to rise out of his body as it looks like his bodys final resting place is herebeneath the ground in the lost city of gold .
was she taken to another place far away ?
zarius headed towards a modern concrete structure which looked entirely out of place in the mass of leaning metal towers and clumsy buildings .
take your place of honor among the other initiates .
the problem is that there s no place for attitudes like those among the crew of this ship .
i warn you , keryn , that to believe such is folly and arrogance , neither of which have a place in the alliance .
its not our place to question them , shawn , said lamar .
its not your place to take matters into your own hands like this .
as soon as it was in place , he felt a new calm click into place .
the oberon is a place unlike anything of this earth , indeed it is not of this earth , hence the common name off - world .
you could decide to go to heaven if they do nt call ; a place of eternal whiteness and warmth , where the trees always give cool shade , the water is fresh , and there is no work to go to , only sweet music to listen to .
someone took its listing , put it to the bottom of the pile and then forgot that the pile existed in the first place .
today , you begin your voyage to a place once found only in the imaginations of the writers of fictiona place like no other , a place only opened to outsiders after centuries of isolation .
today , you begin your voyage to a place once found only in the imaginations of the writers of fictiona place like no other , a place only opened to outsiders after centuries of isolation .
today , you begin your voyage to a place once found only in the imaginations of the writers of fictiona place like no other , a place only opened to outsiders after centuries of isolation .
you enter and in a moment you are in some underground place you know not where .
there are ancient scrolls of long ago that do talk about such a place and a warning of not repeating the same fate .
they were all transported , within their minds , to a brilliantly lit place of dazzling luster .
my power crystal absorbed its energy and i was sent back in time to a different place one thousand years earlier .
redemption has managed to carve for itself and its citizens a relatively respectful place out here on the edge .
but as he made it to his desk something nagged at him , a troubling tickle that he could nt quite place .
your father wants me to give a grand speech about eretia 's place in the scheme of things .
pird felt slightly out of place in his every day attire amongst the extravagant robes and suits of the men and elegant flowing dresses of the women .
thought had no place in zook 's mind as he ran between tents and the ridge .
this was a place of beginnings , zook said , much more softly , saranoda made it a place of far too many ends .
it was undoubtedly his body , never before had he ever felt so comforted by a place so familiar .
there is no place now for answers .
the oracle said nothing , her eyes flickering between zook , sye , and a place beyond them .
` ` your place , '' the voice continued inexorably , ` ` is here .
it was n't a guardian 's place to comment : sophos knew the unseen ones would already have done that .
sarssen thought he looked so out of place among southerners .
ongwin wondered how long ensore was forced to wait before sarehl recovered to the stage he was at today , though , with each passing minute , he felt the pieces of the puzzle fall into place .
he found inner strength and a growing understanding of his place as it evolved in churchik society .
she recognised body language and passively acknowledged her place in the pack hierarchy as a subservient cub .
` ` he has no place in an orphan camp . ''
sarehl 's concern was a belief an emissary had no place in his hectic , erratic life for a small child , because he , and the others , often lived rough and were always on the move .
i ' ve no place outside the troop . ''
there is no place in this troop for warriors who have no control , so do not spare the whip , warriors .
to their surprise and pleasure , bene joined in their music , his voice a deep bass that seemed out of place in such a frail frame .
the mage may have had exceptional height , but he also had cinnamon - coloured hair that did n't look out of place here and would be considered unremarkable .
information or not , alec , you have that information too , you ca nt be georgianna stopped , her jaw falling as she looked away from alec , a thought that would nt go away finally slotting into place .
` ` my place is with vern , '' she said , as she moved closer to her fevered husband and reached out to comfort him .
chaim taught that most of the suffering that would take place amongst believers during the approaching great tribulation would be the result of disobedience to the teachings of jesus now .
now they could spend whole days studying and discussing what had been prepared specifically for them and for their place in history .
but it would hardly be impenetrable against modern technology , and if it was to have been secret , that cover had been blown by all the commentators who had announced it as the secret place in their writings .
it had been years since dylan had seen the man that young pilot had become : hero of all the unified worlds now , but very much alone despite his place in the public eye .
she was only a few steps beyond his place in life , but that angle made all the difference .
charles felt artis and straights of his level were basically stupid and had accepted their place in life , and they were willing to let it go at that .
everyone had a place .
what s my place in all this ?
his groan was met by the groans of others out there in the darkness of the forest , others who appeared to also be trapped in this same horrible place .
they felt changes ... good changes ... taking place inside their bodies , and their clothing was changing too , turning a brilliant white .
but concepts like innocence had no place in this new reality .
seeing gilc and denged together now kindled a memory , something anies remembered as being out of place .
those that show concern , or suspicion , are either eliminated or re - assigned to a place where their views are not welcome .
my maenids have a special place for you in their hearts , for all the brutality you have shown towards women and girls , and would spend roas ripping the flesh from your body , feeding you it before you died.^ denged bent forward a little , wearing what seemed to be an expression of pity upon his face .
while once meta were marveled for their technological advancement , and great thought went into the development of their cerebral functions , the novans are comfortable at the place you occupy , happy to leave you at this stage of your evolutionary development .
as graid stepped inside , he felt terribly out of place , as most things there were fragile and delicately beautiful .
i find my hybrid status keeps me from being accepted by either species like i wanted in the first place .
i have no place among the first ones either judging by my size and height .
he eyed the freeloader who removed his hand from his arm and then added she s sorry that this no place among people feeling had to happen to you and tried to help you with it .
tom put on his oxygen mask which he saw an image of a place within his mind .
the only reason many humans survived the war in the first place resulted from the mass underground shelters that had been created when the threat of war seemed imminent .
anyone who troubled them wound up in a place like gehenna .
you think all your philosophy has any place outside the classroom ?
no place for questions .
sir , i do nt disapprove , i only feel its not our place to question our orders .
you 're in a different place altogether .
i thought i 'd be so much more relaxed after that phone call , but i ' m all over the place .
the future , as kenneth perceived it , turned out to be a boring place .
remembering the reason why he was there in the first place brought a bit of sadness to him .
the magaram legends part 2 : braving the fire following his obsession , his quest to find the woman that consumes his imagination , young julio finds himself in a place unlike anything he 's ever known .
though most of the world was baked dry and hostile to life , this place was an oasis - a dreadful and forbidding place deep in the wasteland .
fighters , laborers , merchants , politicians - they all have their place in the outside world .
there was ... this place , said sevrik .
all three were extremely competent men who knew that details fell into place when the mind was focused on the future .
they were not used to speaking out against their elders and making decisions that would determine their fate , but they had lost all patience with timidity and the mindset that had gotten them enslaved in the first place .
you may even have a place in the world to come .
you may yet have a place in this world .
pray that that place is not inside the belly of a child of god !
going off the beaten path had taken them to a strange place , indeed .
in a strange twist of fate , being locked up in a prison was the one place that allowed her to connect with her long - lost mother .
with her charm , good looks , and endearing story , she found a place in the hearts of the crew immediately .
he appeared to be completely out of place in dizuria .
and a place of birth in azureland .
do they really have such a place in noir ?
it was a place he had never been , a place he had never seen , and was never supposed to see .
i just want you to know your place in the world at the moment .
those who become enamored with technique over purpose are incompetent and have no place in our order .
` ` who lead you all to this place ? ''
the tu'atta had given him a place , and power , and then neglected to enact a rescue in his hour of need .
that belt only left her secret place with her .
they jus ' seal off th ' ole place ' sept f'r th ' air an ' all the ' lectrix .
` ` it 's not our place to question the natural order , '' said seventh - papa .
and then they were sent here , to a place riddled with curses and malevolent spirits , and possibly under siege by an alien god .
cover design by tatiana vila , vila design chapter 1 facade mind your place loan officer matole lavy looked across the table at the attractive young couple , sinead and miranda .
the qitani understood the beauty and place of the ehkin .
nice guy , but as out of place with ` ` regular people '' as i was .
so foreign and out of place and ... she was there .
she did not seem out of place there , we did .
her place in another world .
in a universe as wide and vast as this one is , you ' ve got a place out there somewhere .
and for that , you have earned a place in my heart .
she was lifted to a better place , a far greater place indeed , ben exclaimed hollowly with his arms catching planets that had just stopped falling .
still , it was hardly his place to question such a decision , and it seemed to speed that there was little choice .
some people literally can not handle the truths of the multiverse and their place in it .
there is no place for such extreme selfishness , no way to continue to ignore our interdependence , no justification for greed and personal benefit at others expense during and after the transition .
they will not do well with being forced to acknowledge earths place in the mwc and the wider multiverse [ see previous chapters and other volumes of the spanners series for more details of and stories about the consequences of first knowledge of the mwc for earthers ] .
we wandered for years like the lost tribes of israel until my vision located this place of power for our final refuge .
and if dr . che upgraded winston maybe the world could be a heavenly place after all .
looks like you ve got the place of honor , young fellow , rackenfauz said .
he immediately felt out of place in the fancy lobby , dressed as he was in downscale student attire .
what little talk there was took place between zac and neil about the how 's of preparing a meal .
only through utmost focus and unrivalled determination will you achieve your echo and discover where your place is .
then came the light , and it carried me away , to this place .
your fate , anna , does not rest on earth , i think , but another place entirely .
the voice of lord malizar held them in their place .
somewhere nearby , i had seen her thrown through a silver gate to emerge on the other side in a place that was very familiar to me .
` ` mr . courtlen- maybe it 's not my place to say- we do n't know each other that well .
i know dr . schneider was the one that persuaded her to do it in the first place . ''
and as they passed through the second of two large living rooms , nella noticed there was nothing out of place either .
to know that , she thought , she 'd have to know who set it in the first place .
to rediscover a place ? ''
he , our artist , has put in motion the ball we ' ve been trying to roll for years now , and it is because of this we offer him a place on the expressionist movement 's senior council ! ''
after we d sat and watched the rather long sermon , ( these guys were nt your everyday one - hour - service kind of folks , it seemed ) , chloe asked me , why did you come here in the first place ?
do you think such a place exists outside the milky way where beings are forced into specific roles and identities are created by gender ?
david gratton the real david gratton has his place in history .
you can only get anywhere in life by affirming your place in society .
you need to be of a significant age to have a place in the world .
when the egg returned to glix and regained eir name and place , eir father asked how it was .
as though you have no place in the world .
i have no place .
you might be wondering why i did nt call darrel to bail me out in the first place .
for the first time in a longtime , i did nt think about the strange place i d found myself in .
frank not noticing anything out of place took off once again , in hot pursuit of any child he could find .
although louis was not yet sure of the purpose of this out of the ordinary stone , he knew he had found a rare treasure that may come in handy in the near future ; it is a stone that floats and that appears to have a place in this new world for the living to manipulate .
but the writings in the ancient scrolls are murky and many are missing , so we are not completely sure about your factual plight , and what true place is yours , and ours will be in the future '' stated the little rabbit as he looked upwards towards the softening light from the blue dwarf planet .
is that not a bunny rabbits place in life to start with ?
perking up in his chair and in his mind louis was starting to fully understand his place in this new world and what was expected of him in the near future .
looking off to the left a massive , gnarled , ancient looking cedar tree was firmly claiming its place in the world .
louis what is this place ? ''
does anything appear out of place ? ''
without his courage to knock on that door in the first place , maybe no one would have ever found out about that terrible place , just a thought . ''
it surprised me , actually , the way all the details fell into place and how i began to think through them .
sometimes i wondered why i ever bothered to let you read my writing in the first place , but i m glad i did .
no , i believe that we all have our place , without things that change us . ''
she has a place in this world just as i do . ''
i trade places with her , give her a little more time not to die .
he found that but little improvement had taken place in her , and that she had occasionally slept , but to awaken and speak incoherently , as if the shock she had received had had some serious affect upon her nerves .
henry appeared to rouse for some moments and then he said , he , in common with many other members of the family , no doubt occupies place in the vault under the old church in the village .
and now , people said , that the family property having been all dissipated and lost , there would take place a change , and that the bannerworths would have to take to some course of honourable industry for a livelihood , and that then they would be as much respected as they had before been detested and disliked .
the expedition had , of course , profoundly stirred the interest of the scientific world , and representatives of every branch of science , from all the civilized nations , urged their claims to places in the ships .
he sat watching it tranquilly , and pointed out the various changes that were taking place in its voice and actions .
best to let them keep to their own until they realised who was really in charge and then his place in history would be secured .
you can see now why sir jeffery dreaded the job in the first place .
they also did nt like being stuck at the edge of the universe , a place they felt they had been forced into .
chapter 9 : the hero as i closed the door to davids room , i felt more out of place than ever .
he valued his place in the colony too much .
even if it was a better death than the slow one they had been given , it was not my place or my responsibility to perform the rite .
but , as i said , it is not my place to speak on such things .
whose place is it ?
she has no place where we live .
it was nt your place to love him you loved foot !
her words were unreadable to me as she asked , why did you leave in the first place ?
its the place of my fortune , i clarified .
it was a place of punishment : a place where i was sent to sit , facing the draught from the front door , until the kitchen floor had been mopped or shards of glass had been swept in the living room , depending on which form of damage i d achieved on that occasion .
a certain solace was discovered in their clearly defined parameters , helping me to consider shape , space , meaning and distance , and my place within them all .
the han officer seemed to be a relatively good - natured fellow , for one of his race , and he promised to awake me if anything further of interest took place .
* * * * chapter 6 i dreamed of a place filled with light , the brightness was epic , you d think i would be blinded , with the white on white motif , but everywhere you looked there was more white that seemed luminescent .
that made me think it was just about time for some answers , apparently we were thinking along the same lines , because artileon started by saying , this is a most complicated dream , i know of this place , it is in the palace , my fathers home .
they have received the next place for the journey ; i think we must allow them the chance to move forward .
she was in danger , the thread it pulled at my soul , i felt the oppression of her soul in her dream , and she was in an ensorcelled place .
as the candles held by the people are brought forth to be lit , more and more start to gather , and the darkness can not hold that place , the shadows are cast from the temple .
i glanced around me trying to acquaint my mind to the place i had found myself .
then we shaded our eyes as the lord sun appeared above the ruined monument and proclaimed that in service to his friends and love of his people this valiant unicorn is called back from the place of dreams .
the suns wrath in one day i will hold framing the sky in darkness hidden the world will be , i will triumph over the dying magics and through their weakness the shell will be returned to the rightful place oh praise the lady and her eclipse before i coud comprehend the meaning behind the words .
what words will you use on your deathbed to portray your current incarnation , apart from the furthering of your own place on the earth ?
i have no idea why i let you drag me into this cloak and dagger nonsense in the first place , patroclus replied harshly as he ran a hand through his tousled hair .
all the tension and grief of the last few days melted away and all he could think of was how stupid he had been to let this woman walk away from him in the first place .
the country holds a special place in our lives and our hearts .
before i could register that nagging thought tugging at some place in my mind , i was startled by melody rushing towards me , she actually snatched the book from my lap while yelling , actually yelling , nothing but kind words all these years and now yelling .
some of our ancestors felt themselves far superior and wanted to be in control of this planets evolution , the other half thought it only right to allow human evolution to take place at its own natural pace .
the controllers are strong , slowly placing their people into positions of power , running all the technology , slowly feeding it to the masses until one day ( big pause ) .so the other archivists wanted to get out there and fight , allow human evolution to take place at its own pace .
i felt dizzy , then found myself emerging from molecular transport into some dark place .
our place in this city is assured . ''
i thought by your actions you longed for a place in the netherworld . ''
hurry doctor , said the pilot as the blades powered to full torque , but something was out of place , and the doctor could nt shake that feeling .
the shakir might try to crawl over me , beg me for a piece of the new world , but he has no place in it .
this organisation answers to too many people now for any change to take place .
in his latter years , popper worked with shang - hai based , nano - technology innovator , chung fun wan , whose master stroke was to put in place a method of digital chemical renewal of those nano swimmers .
aiden believed that if nanopeans could be rid of these facile desires and be rid of the thirst for novelty , then amazing phenomena could take place .
part of their doctrine was a belief that more should be done to help the subs , to guarantee a place for all , in the new world .
the spaceships were surveying new worlds seeking a home for humanity and all telesync contributors were , for their trouble , guaranteed a place in the new world .
jeffery was highly amused with his own joke but managed to continue his thought : revenge can be a good starting place for the healing process .
well you ve got a place on the team , if you want it .
were trying to involve you in the process but there is no place for panic .
it was what had inspired her to work with plants in the first place .
as he closed the weapons armoire , harrison turned to jeff , mr . greene , it is not me place to question the captain , but he told me i be stayin on the ship an not goin on the raid tonight .
jenny sighed , i will miss you , but my place is here .
unknown to angela that was the only reason that he wore corrective lenses in the first place ; he could easily fix his deep gray eyes at will whenever he wanted to .
it was a place of dreams and eternities that she could see from her own bedroom window , a place that from then on she could feel within herself wherever she needed to .
it was a place of dreams and eternities that she could see from her own bedroom window , a place that from then on she could feel within herself wherever she needed to .
when you understand your place in all these things , together we will deal with dark and fenster .
the tribes holy place , the goth mystery that fenster wanted to know about , was apparently somewhere behind that second fence .
johnny was surprised , but as he reflected on it , many things began to fall into place .
some day she 'll grow up and must take her place in the pack . ''
one day the vet took off the cast and todd insisted that the time had come for her to take her rightful place in what passed for a wolf pack at the center .
knew that without the wolves , we 'd never have reached this place in our relationship .
i may be damned , but i suspect there is a special place for your likes in hell . ` `
i jigger with my stories until everything fits into place , like one of those steel - balls - in - the - depressions games i used to play as a kid .
it seemed out of place in this house .
where his place should be , thought lucius .
` ` a working class bob - x4 has no place in the dis precinct , '' it continued .
` ` something is taking place that i think you should observe . ''
no , but- i stopped as her meaning fit into place .
i tried to find another place in those cases .
she felt that there was a specific someone she should be looking for , someone very important to her , context or significance was out of place .
the untouchable place in her memories sat back and smiled .
maeve was completely unaware of anything taking place outside her sphere of perception .
no place in a command billet .
sometimes she wondered why she even bothered trying to keep things clean in the first place .
and for that , they held a special place in her heart and in her wallet .
she had to ready herself for a battle , and sympathy was nt something that had any place in her psyche for that moment .
mind you , this takes place on ` ` new earth '' later called helome by the vuduri .
entry 1 - 037 : january 30 , 2013 piezo - capillary action and casimir pumps many of the technologies within the world of the vuduri take place on a microscopic scale .
is there any place for money in the 35th century ?
entry 1 - 121 : april 25 , 2013 secrets revealed : is there any place for money in the 35th century ?
she thinks it brings in an element that has no place in vuduri society .
unbeknownst to her , the onsira transformation was already taking place and the overmind was hard at work trying to uncover the cause and the cure .
nor can i be sure why they did it in the first place .
your place in it is up to you .
there s no place for my people here .
aason then leaves our universe and ends up in a place which could only be called heaven with a brief layover in purgatory .
it turns out that while digital computers are completely pervasive in our society , there will always be a place for analog computers simply because they are faster and better suited for certain tasks .
i made it seem like there is no place for sports in their culture .
perhaps further discussion should take place in more private quarters .
thank you , but that means i will leave you in the morning so i can think about the future and my place in it .
now both the king and queen objected , saying that travel was no place for babies .
the dinner table is nt really the place to discuss most of what i had to do , but it mainly consisted of me having to catch food for maldroth .
still , there will be many amazing , new things taking place .
okay , guys , i want you to know that we are here because we believe it is important to understand the changes that are taking place with a lot of smart kids , everywhere .
i am just asking to understand my place in this mess .
no one could really understand how it was to take place .
jerry was n't particularly religious himself , in fact he often felt out of place when religious groups were staying on the site , but he did believe there was a greater meaning behind life .
while hammond could n't quite put his finger on what was different about this settlement , he sensed something that seemed somewhat out of place .
he had been secure in the knowledge of his place in this world .
glad because it meant it was less likely that they would discover he had heard anything , and worried because he could n't know what new machinations were taking place there .
in exchange for making this handover of human slaves easier the aliens had promised the people that helped with a place of power in the new society .
peter walked over to him , he had to get up and move otherwise he was going to enter that comfortable warm place of a drug induced sleep .
peter thought the question a little out of place considering their current situation , but wrote back that tomas was sleeping but had woken up for a little .
as he got a little drunk everything seemed to feel easier , everything seemed to fall into place nicely .
he was floating on that mythical place that is the verge of sleep , having half dreams where he was still in partial control but not quite fully lucid .
he was feeling good , like all the chips were falling into place .
peter began to notice things that were out of place , the buildings looked more scarred around here , more battle worn then the rest of the city .
i have also heard that she is insane , but it is not my place to pass judgment on your mental health .
it had been on this globe that shed met the moon and the stars , and for that it would forever hold a place in her heart .
but then she decided to do what led you here in the first place .
yeah , marshall , why do nt you tell us why jane needed to save me in the first place ?
something felt out of place to him about these particular humans .
those who stand with me , will take a special place in the new world .
aia always had a special place in her heart for man , and had even made an emotional connection with daelon from afar , out of respect for his passion .
and its a home i have no place in .
he felt that a homicidal race with no conscience , or even a basic sense of morality , had no place in the universe .
much like core , yin was convinced that it had no place in whatever world was awaiting daelon , and decided to die honorably amongst its people ; not as one of them , but in order to rid the universe of the mistake that they were .
from her invisible place in the cosmos , she watched as the architects left their creations behind to develop on their own , as she had requested .
but seeing him there holding his baby son , with a look of genuine emotional attachment seemed out of place to her .
he was familiar with the technology , but was uncertain of what kind of a chemical reaction would take place upon rupturing the crystal shell .
afterwards , merciless beatings and mockery from his classmates over the years had driven him to a very dark and aggressive place .
everything was falling into place for him , and the comforting atmosphere made the idea of him finishing his education that much more appealing .
she will be the light that guides the beings of the future ; the ones who will determine whether the universe will be either a beautiful or vile place to live .
i never understood their place in the story , until she pointed out the housefly in the diner , that day .
yet before i speak of that , i shall speak of our place in the grand scheme of things by the one who created all .
glossary arcadian main characters and terminology planet arcadia original homeworld of the gods planet earth where the arcadians became stranded skyship arcadian fleet ( 12 ) hovering above earth royal skyship skyship where current king resides king hedron council leader ; father of caliban the council of twelve arcadians ruling body lord malik former king and council leader queen amethyst wife of hedron ; mother of caliban lord janus member of the council ; father of amethyst gaelin minister prime ; second under king hedron the healers arcadian medical caste valen healer to the royal family the first order - arcadian religious caste ayron prophet of the first order earthspeak language of the earthers katchawans human tribe below skyship arcadia lord damon council member and maliks cohort enclave of the first order residence of the religious caste ancient staff carried by ayron , the prophet rod of truth another name for the ancient staff law of sanctuary given by the brothers of the first order the one who created all the arcadians deity ( god ) right of challenge to challenge ones authority to the death sacred chamber exclusive meeting place in the enclave keeper of the ancient texts one of ayrons many roles sword of youth play sword used by arcadian children the guardians protectors of the arcadian royal family livers of arcadia those who reside on skyship arcadia clipper smaller transport mainly used by the guardians transport larger transport mainly used for crop collection transport master oversees operations of the transports whisper mode transports made invisible to everyone lady ariana wife of lord janus ; mother of amethyst brother tieran brother of the first order ; witness brother malicai brother of the first order ; witness collectors those who gather crops in transports ( unseen ) the black guard maliks own personal security forces the great hall ceremonial meeting hall ( skyship arcadia ) sleeper a deadly handheld weapon used by the arcadians enok a wolf - like creature once existing on arcadia roundtable where the council of twelve convenes queen morgana wife of king janus phaelon abductor of young prince caliban mordan abductor of young prince caliban tarrek abductor of young prince caliban fallon son of malik ; lord of skyship celestia saliya hedrons attendant ; administers poison to end ones days to kill another one height the height of a man ( 6 ) coin of the realm arcadian money skyship arcadia king hedrons skyship skyship orion lord januss skyship skyship celestia lord maliks skyship skyship pertheon lord damons skyship earth - hour one hour one passing one day one night one night earth - cycle one year one century one century numerology remains the same one moons passing one month morn / morning interchangeable katchawan main characters and terminology wildern overhang the forest on earth bow and feather fly a bow and arrow chieftain ruler of any tribe on the surface rowatan chieftain of the katchawan tribe zander ( the sayer ) spiritual leader of tribe keeper of peace role of chieftain or sayer protectors those in the tribe who fight watchers look after the tribe at night deerden a deer or herd of deer wolvern the wolves bearen a bear timber a tree warmer a fire darkfall night time younger a child within the tribe grown one and adult within the tribe the get alongs to have good relations in a bad way bad relations with the others come to the decision to make a choice water hold a container for carrying water fishers those in the tribe who primarily fish hunters those in the tribe who primarily hunt plainers those in the tribe who tend to the crops give the speak to talk in the earther language broke one who has an injury flush one who has recovered lifeblood blood ; seen when injured in the sleep nighttime , to go to sleep on the hide to hide ; to avoid skins animal hides used as clothing and bedding the promise to bind one to marriage until passing wearings clothing made from hides of deerdan leggings pants made from the hides of deerdan mocsins footwear made from the hides of deerdan topper a shirt made of cloth by the herders sharper course stone used to sharpen weapons cutter a belt knife made of animal bone sword proper name as told to caleb by gaelin bringer a parent or those who came before bringers of bringers the ancient katchawan emah respectful name for mother ( familiar ) epah respectful name for father ( familiar ) wander member of tribe leaves to prove his worth healings natural remedies used by the katchawan katchawan tribe that adopts young prince caliban northers tribe bordering katchawans to the north herders tribe bordering katchawans to the west chicagons tribe bordering katchawans to the south the others tribes in the vicinity of the katchawan those beyond tribes distant to the katchawan the great waters lake on which the katchawan live neyah ( the wise one ) widow who adopts young caliban the outlands forbidden ruins of the ancient cities of earth those above the arcadians in their skyships ( the gods ) those below all humans living on the surface of earth the give back to express or give kindness as given in the rights to do the right thing ; proper decorum day of penance when crops are collected by the gods domos katchawan homes made of wood and mortar center of all community domus where zander lives to ring the bell request sayer in the center of all janaiya - ( one who smiles ) daughter of rowatan ephron one of the protectors of the katchawan elayna ephrons promised one ; his wife zackaria son of ephron and elayna sorrys to apologize to another worries to be concerned have the feelings to care for another on the look to be aware of possible danger give the welcome to be accepted into the tribe of the age fifteen cycles ; from younger to adult end of days when one dies ; passes away or is killed share the meal invite others to eat with you in domo troubles of living the earthers struggle to survive ariel one of the youngers who fought caleb in his youth joseph one of the youngers who fought caleb in his youth connor one of the youngers who fought caleb in his youth ender of wolvern a title given to extremely gifted hunters caverns ancient where the ancient earthers first retreated caleb ( prince caliban ) known as the lost one among tribe times of planting spring the warm passings - summer the cold passings winter timberfall fall from the author thank you for your purchase of the legend of caliban ( part 1 ) fall from grace .
you have no place in my squad .
for most of your species , your day - to - day lives will not change much from what has already taken place .
guessing was not needed ; i could denote easily that they had no place on the ship that would carry civilians away from the earth they had doomed .
the feeling enveloped me in blackness , swallowing me whole and sending me hurtling through time and space to the place where all evil must go .
surely that was quite an offense , one worthy of a place in at least the first of the many fabled levels of hades .
outside of the window was a display so fantastical , it was worthy of a place in some medieval fairy tale .
it seemed so out of place , and yet i wished for nothing more than to sit and submerge myself in it .
i shook it away , allowing my impassiveness to resume its place on the front lines of my appearance .
i sensed that in some far off place unknown to the living , my parents felt no joy in response to my admittance of failure or even in my acknowledgment of their wisdom that had been so spot - on .
as you can imagine , i was thoroughly disgusted by such stunted , out of place images of two people allowing such intimate closeness , both physical and emotional , to one another .
they are the type who have no place here .
they threaten your very place on purissimus .
you are referring to the war for our place here ?
now , i only wish to watch all of you crawl and fight and grovel for your place here , the way you forced my kind to crawl and fight and grovel .
there was but one , one that would require the two slowly intermixing races to align on their two different sides , to fight for their place , ideas , and beliefs it was a war that had been fought so many times before , on earth and pangaea .
people who understood the true meaning and modeled their lives after him were both brilliantly intelligent and faithful , deserving of their place in heaven .
i was moving past irritation at both of those things and into a place where they were beginning to entertain me .
adam 's words were still infused with a lightness that was so out of place in the current conundrum .
only after being martyred in this holy war would he earn his place at god 's side .
bear looked around the lot but saw nothing that seemed out of place .
i ' m a little all over the place .
i like my place in things .
it 's that simple , and it 's my place as part of all of this ... this place .
it 's that simple , and it 's my place as part of all of this ... this place .
through my studies , i found there was theme of talking about the inner being as a physical place .
now , after the transformative work of monique bosetti , we know otium was a state of mind , not a place found on earth or any other planet .
am i missing any other place ?
i wanted to see what was going on , for i suspected the supposed fire was no normal fire , if there even was a fire in the first place .
these planets have been ruled out as mythological and have no place in modern science .
he seemed out of place in such a seedy establishment .
you assume your place in the time stream wherever you come out , so no chance you ll run into yourself as a baby , like stewie did in that family guy episode .
when you are at peace with your place in this world and are carried by a sense of mission , you ll always feel like you know where you fit into every social situation .
more and more of the actual computational work took place outside the physical device .
his anger was a reaction to the clerks dominance behavior that was wholly out of place .
her feelings were all over the place .
the circle of tents around me fade away as if they were never even there in the first place .
it seems like things are starting to fall into place , melissa remarked .
anything out of place in a haystack could be blamed on creatures that ate or burrowed in hay .
they ' ve all been the same -- something out of place in time .
if she participates , she could solve the mystery of missing child , claim her rightful place in the family -- and the millions of dollars in several trust funds .
the solutions that are picked make up the always emerging reality that we experience ; a ' now ' place where time and negative time come together .
perhaps , bates now realized , reading data in locked safes was exactly what the device was designed to do in the first place !
she said that only then would he understand why she had called him in the first place .
as a ca'ra , it was usually not his place to question commands of the na'ra , as long as the mission planned by the na'ra master and warren leaders continued to meet ca'ra needs , and as long as the cultural norms defined by the ca'ra were followed .
they considered themselves to be responsible for achieving the ra 's place in galactic society .
the stranger 's last desperate thoughts that had reached the unicorn were clouded in fear and agony ; the thoughts were a plea for rescue from a dark place described as being near general mike .
the general at first had some difficulty believing his daughter 's story , but he could not deny that a miracle had taken place .
i find that my own view of the universe and mankind 's place in it is changing rapidly .
what punishment this one deserves it is my place to render .
of course that would be useless anyway , since there was no place in the universe that was beyond the reach of the dark master .
only this was n't a forest , it was an even more complex and wondrous place : his own body !
he felt too unclean and unworthy to stay in the church and at the alter , in a place of god .
another seven months and they would have a child to show that clan desinlo had a place in the confederacy and was part of camelin space .
lyo coughed as he got back to his feet , barely able to see , one eye was already swollen shut , the other was so badly hurt that he was unsure of where to go , but he again felt the breeze that was so out of place on a spacecraft .
i will give an explanation and then i will show the court how this will take place .
you have shown me that i have a certain place in your life and i am supposed to be happy with that .
she sensed that some part of him that needed to be understood , that needed the kind of loyalty and love only a beloved child could give , had rendered her a special place in his affections .
free and unattached , she could now only recall this place between worlds , this light her sightless eyes had once perceived before the constrainment .
his father had once told him that these trees were from a mythical place called enor , according to the legends of the comet riders , the seynorynaelian ancestors ... * * * * * hinev continued to give his review , but it was clear marankeil was irritated at him .
why do you suppose the elders authorized her metamorphosis to take place separate from ours ?
its not our place to do anything for themto change them in any way .
it was the scream of kiel in the state between life and death , mass and energy , facing the oblivion beyond hinevs serum ; the words were seynorynaelian , out of time and out of place here in this alien temple across the galaxies , words that faded into primal fear and horror , the blood curdling cry of a creature who saw his own death and beyond , who had been trapped for eternity in that moment of transition .
you were more than a brother to me ... his inner voice called to him from the depths where all was calm , where his heart remained noble and pure , a place he had not visited for many long years .
with that revelation , wemy friend ilika and iset out to find a place called the ` ` havens '' that had only existed in children 's tales and in ancient lore , a place that had been turned into myth and legend because the havens had never been found .
his crisp white flightsuit was torn in several places ; gasping through the broken shield of his helmet , he struggled to relieve himself of it , tossing it away from him with his one good hand , letting it skid over to the edge of the cliffs .
dramatis personae and places in star gods : achaiwoia tribe on kiel3 , also called ahhiyawans or achaians ( modern day greeks ) alessia valeria zadmchovuh - less - ee - yuh vuh - lair - ee - yuh zuh - doom - chavdaughter of the last enorian zariqua enassa and nerena naliya zadmchov ; hinevs assistant and the last survivor of hinevs immortal explorers ariyalsynaiar - ri - yal - sinn - eyewhite mountain or star mountain ; ancient capital of the planet seynorynael broah malierbro - uh muhl - leercultural historian ; one of hinevs explorers celekar calainsel - i - kar ( harder ` ` s '' ) kal - laina taciturn technician , one of hinevs explorers clas myrddinthe idle of the dead , myrddins enclosure ; a region on kiel3 ( great britain ) derstan ekeriderr - stun ee - kair - eecommunications specialist ; one of hinevs explorers diraovedasdihr - oo - vay - duhsschief seer of a nation that escaped the great isle , a blind priest , or druid , of the planet kiel3 eiron vaikyure - erlenkovair - on vai - kyure er - lenn - kahva tiasennian soldier and pilot enoree - nora legendary planet fynals hinevfai - nahlss hai - nevthe bio - geneticist who created the elixir of immortality known as hinevs serum ; one of kudenkas explorers great greenor , the green sea on kiel3 ; ( now called the mediterranean sea ) goeurgerr , like the french ` ` coeur '' a lost colony ; also a planet ioka shiyereye - oh - kuh shee - yerone of hinevs explorers fielikor kielfee - yel - ee - kor keelchief engineer of the firien project ; later the leader of hinevs explorers firiena city and region on seynorynael surrounding lake firien ; north of the weather - safe ring kaptaraalso called keftiu ; an island ( now called crete ) kemetthe black land of the river iteru aa on kiel3 ; ( now called egypt ) khattian empire on kiel3 ; ( now called the hittite empire ) ; also refers to the region of khatti ( lands in modern turkey ) ki - engia region on kiel3 ( sumer ) ki - uria region on kiel3 ( akkadia ) kudenkakoo - den - kuhscientist who led kudenkas explorers lake firienlake fear - ee - ennlarge body of water on planet seynorynael and the name of a remote province ; alessias childhood home and location of the firien project , a project to rebuild an ancient ruined spaceship that the ancients called selesta lierva kazankovlee - air - vuh ka - zan - kovcommanding officer of the firien project ; later one of hinevs explorers lyraleer - uhthe beautiful , mysteriously undying trees of seynorynael ; a formerly abundant , seeded , but now fruitless tree that can no longer be replaced once destroyed marankeilmair - enn - kee - ilthe mechanized elder who became the eternal emperor of seynorynael enlilmai - lenn - varthe orian space battleship designed after selesta nerenaner - ee - nuhalessias mother , daughter of grand marshall zadmchov nippurcity - state on kiel3 onraceyahn - rass - eeone of hinevs explorers orianor - eye - ansecond planet of the celestian worlds , whose leader is sargon ornenkaior - nen - kaielder of the federation , later vice - emperor of the seynorynaelian empire regaree - guhwhite star of the ayan worlds , tiasenne and meilarr rikhsehr gerrylsrick - zair gair - rilssa botanist , a part of the firien project and one of hinevs explorers sargonleader of the orian people seleraelsel - air - ay - el ( softer ` ` s '' ) daughter of alessia and eiron vaikyure - erlenkov raised on kiel3 , or earth sesylendaeses - ill - enn - dayexplorer spaceship of kudenkas explorers seynorynaelsay - nor - i - nay - el ; originally seh - nor - i - nay - ela planet which formed an intergalactic federation that became an empire selestasye - lerr - ess - tee - uhthe greatest explorer spaceship ever to be built by the seynorynaelian empire , with a computer that seems to have a mind of its own ; the spaceship of hinevs explorers sharru - kinusharr - oo - kee - nooan ancient earth king of the land of ki - uri ( or akkadia ) who conquered the land between the two rivers ; the first emporer of the known world ; possibly the son of an enorian taruisatroia , taruisha , now called troy ; a city - state in the khatti empire on kiel3 tiasennetee - uh - sennfirst planet of the two celestian worlds tulortoo - lorrone of the first two planets to join the seynorynaelian federation ur and urukur and erech in the bible ; city - states in ki - engi ( known to us as shimar or sumer ) valeriavuh - lair - ee - uhblue - white star of the planet tiasenne zariqua enassazair - ee - kuh or zar - ee - kuh ee - nass - suhlast colonizer of the planet enor the comet riders by anne spackman smashwords edition copyright 2014 by anne spackman all rights reserved .
but long afterward , as she lay there with her heart , like annealed glass , fragmented into shards that continued to do damage , she wished she had never known this feeling , or found that the world was no longer the beloved place she had known , that it perhaps never had been .
to know what place you had in the world , and to feel whole and happy ?
fynals hinev could have been jealous of his fathers place in his mothers heart , but he was nt ; fynals was nt jealous because he was aware of his fathers right to undina first , and if he had harbored a slight injury at being replaced by his father in her affections , he also wanted to be beloved by this hero , this man he knew and sensed so clearly .
if there was a place for everyone , the boy wondered , his mind beginning to understand what they meant , why was nt there a place for him ?
if there was a place for everyone , the boy wondered , his mind beginning to understand what they meant , why was nt there a place for him ?
seynorynael is the only planet to have the resources and technology to envision such a grand explorer mission , and it has always been our place to explore , before the federation existed .
chapter 2 : i awake in a strange place when i opened my eyes , i expected to see the inside of a helicopter , but was surprised to find i was lying in bed , staring up at a white ceiling .
its as if the hologram particles you see there are looking for their hardwired place in the structure .
it certainly did nt seem out of place for a religious man to offer a kindness to a stranger , something you would expect , so i said yes .
she had joined drakes mom on the pontoon boat knowing her place for healing was by her side .
he then noticed something out of place .
sameer you will find your place in heaven ; your faith will be fulfilled by your love of our savior mohammed , murad assured sameer with fragile conviction .
he could nt stop thinking something was out of place .
in that tome it had hinted at a hidden crypt , deep in the unnamed lands , where one could find the resting place of the first king of elimr ( and all his treasure of course ) .
he noted that it appeared that very little collateral damage had taken place , and for that he was thankful .
he d always felt his place was atop the walls , defending the world from evil .
he took his place beside brother quinlan at the cavern mouth .
erich closed out a world pulsing with pain and withdrew to a place in his mind where he could share the nightquiet and peacefulwith tera .
the familiar pattern of flashing lights lulled her into the place between complacency and comfort .
this was a hazy sort of place right now .
i see the world differently , yet it is still a place that holds wonder .
we had always shared everything and now i felt as if she were slipping away , growing older and finding her own place .
kid needs to know his place , joey said .
it just looks so out of place in the woods .
it was a name she would never forget and when the vision had popped into my head , the name with it , everything fell into place in avrils mind with an audible click .
i know it did nt make for an ideal way to communicate , but the telepathy had been the reason he left in the first place .
my place to be in this world and i was learning that i could nt seem to stop this .
things were finally falling into place .
the infrared images clearly showed inappropriate conduct was taking place in the dark vehicle .
but , she knew she did nt have a choice ; the world was such an unfair place .
it was time to put the little hater in her place , and her place was tied down in his rat cage .
who knows , maybe it became something all girlish place during twenty years , mostly in this world when girls offsated that a lot of them had to do manly works , with conducting themselves so girlish that it used to be almost ridiculous , and that girls who did nt do manly works , also became like them because they sued to perceive like it would be a trend so they felt good that way .
i ' m trying to find a place for these other people .
he was trying to find a place for the people , and someone willing to step in where he would not .
but ` ` want '' did n't have a place in this new life .
he had a place in her burgeoning society more important than any other .
` ` not my place to comment on town - y stuff , '' he 'd say .
they had truth , they had meaning , they had a firm place inside and she embraced them .
like your father i was already out of place , an alien in my own world .
unfortunately , it was one of their few political losses against those with whom they were forced to share the place at the top of the human pyramid of power .
his victory over the humans would assure his place in cylon history .
he felt disoriented , thrust into some alternate universe where adama no longer existed and the terrible cowardice of removing the galactica from her proper place had somehow been transformed into heroism .
although he would not have admitted his feelings to be akin to baltar 's repulsively human selfishness , he could not help but acknowledge to himself that his place in cylon history had been strengthened considerably by the imminent removal of the human pest .
there is no place for my weakness right now .
i did n't slip away ; i fell , completely suddenly , into that place , whatever place it was ...
but when he gasped out my name again , the blood - lust and euphoria were eradicated entirely ; in fact , i wondered how they ever could have existed in the first place .
he would tell me later about the proclivities our dearly beloved leader had , as if i did not already know ; don 's mind was a disgusting place , full of the vilest fantasies .
in response to your question , i will say that while one can certainly be educated and religious , an educated woman can not coexist with religious zealots who believe the place of that woman is in the kitchen or on her back .
the house was a cruel place of emotional torture , and my reconciliation with that spirit of my brother was not meant to occur there .
in those woods , i wandered , listening to the whispers of those creatures and james 's screams , and searching for adam 's voice , searching for some light that would lead me to the place where i would realize that all i was experiencing was a dream .
adam had been by my side while i was counting down the seconds to my death , to the moment when my place in this world of shadows and darkness but also great love and joy would be stolen from me , when a bullet would erase me from an existence that had once been promised to be endless , immortal , irrevocable adam had kissed my lips and whispered to me that i was so brave , that he was so proud to be by my side , that he wished to be with no one else ... adam had helped me fight them off ; adam had kept me warm through the nights and listened to my deepest thoughts , to my most painful memories that i had shared so tentatively , so reluctantly ... but that i had shared .
never could it be my place to inquire of a lady when her wrath shall end , and the exact time at which i may return to thine living quarters and my side of the royal bed , which is so perfectly broken in it is .
but what i had asked him was very personal , and though violet had told me that adam was involved when james and brynna had broken up , i still did nt think it was my place to ask .
she told me , you have compared us to an utterly disturbing coupling , one that never should have been gifted with such a prevalent place in the history of literature , and certainly not deemed a love story .
you will know that your place is beneath us in whatever sense .
and my paranoid , racing mind could not help thinking how ironic it would be , after i had taken her in , argued for her place amongst us , and trusted her with some of my secrets , if she put a bullet in my back .
it was as though they were halfway in our realm and halfway out ; they were partially in some other place where there was only that darkness .
he asked , and his eyes were agleam with both hope and fear : hope that i might tell him we would escape , find violet and the rest of our people , create a miraculous plan to counterstrike the old spirits , and win the war , freeing the rest of our people in the process and finally winning our place on pangaea , and fear that none of those things would be true , could ever possibly be true .
marina swift she speaks slow and out of place in the touristic setting .
her enhanced nasal filters detected a sweetish smell that seemed out of place in the stony landscape .
there s no place for the state in the bedrooms of the nation .
creating them first and then using them got ta be a special place in hell forwhy else do people have kids ?
do nt you just love it when everything falls into place ?
she 'd learned in temple that this white , misty place was called lethe , and it was the beginning and end of life in the universe .
it transported her to a place reminiscent of the passageway horace had taken them where the music had flavor and aroma and seeped into her skin .
do you wish to restore your place ?
no one was there , and nothing seemed out of place .
our mid - twenty - first century earth - names seemed so out of place on this balefully beautiful , terrifyingly primitive planet .
i knew my role in the clan , my place in this world .
if we have one fish that swims against the stream , just one , our way of life can topple , and you can lose your place in our society , your seat in the great arena .
unease pricked his spine and he saw moments into the future around him , seeking anything that was out of place .
growth takes place in the time needed for the installation of programs , as for both intellectual and physical characteristics .
gestation takes place in an artificial womb , usually at specialized centers , and in a few cases still in the female body .
most of all , she realizes the trust the elects place in her , to the point of letting her go out with their most dreaded opponent .
and even external influences only provoke something which is biologically already in place in any case .
the roads of angel city had become camps , with tents sprung up like greenhouse seedlings , choking the streets with people trying to carve out a place of their own in this last refuge .
i felt a surge of guilt for not telling him of my sisters intentions , but it was nt my place to say anything .
i understood , then , what had attracted poseidon to her in the first place .
they had a place for both , logic and mysticism , but the visionary was a woman because we are connected to the cycles of nature .
` ` i know that she has a special place in your heart , '' he said .
and so it is with this place it has gotten inside me it 's become a part of me now i can no longer survive outside of this place .
and so it is with this place it has gotten inside me it 's become a part of me now i can no longer survive outside of this place .
in this well was black tar , the same black tar that had taken me into this terrible place .
you see us through this , and you just might still have a place in this crew .
you ai nt perfect , but i think there d be a place for you .
both solutions very significantly resembled the unethical methodology that had produced us in the first place .
chivalry has no place in a world where the dead walk , i say .
it is far better not to rhyme than to use forced rhymes , sound - echoes that feel awkward and out of place .
` ` neither is it prose- the phrasing would be out of place in a prose essay .
the poets of our century tried to tear down the code , remove the rhythm , and condemn the magic as out of place ' in the modern age - but they did not succeed !
faction torre was soon going to regain its place among the great families and he was going to be the one to do it .
in a few days time after getting a better understanding of the true extent of damage to america and the new power of the golden empire , he would gather his allies and make their long anticipated move , he would declare an emergency and launch a quick and brutal purge , he would replace his hated rival marshal v. i. malevich and his lackeys that keep getting in the way and finally make the changes needed to restore russia to its proper place on top of the world .
it was a crushing loss but proved that fixed defenses had a place on the modern battlefield the new great fortress and wall would continue to be planned and built in the south .
yin suspected it had something to do with the original meregal / human integration that took place when the meregals first came to planet earth .
` ` yes , i want to claim tren as my mother , and be given my father 's place in the governing of jasper . ''
but she realized , if there were those who would not accept anyone outside of their own world , then there was a reason why human and meregal integration was failing , and why it was best to live with those humble enough to see that everyone has a place , even if they are different and shunned by those around .
her place was with those who cared about who she was , not what she was .
interestingly , military vessels were also a place of learning when not in battle , so , in the internship rooms there were racks of communication viewers for between fleet communications .
they decide the time frame and program under which such intervention takes place .
new - earth miniseries verlain council : a council of members of royals , government representatives and peoples representatives , that gives a place for two or more sides of any dispute , to be heard and mediated upon .
while it is easy to dismiss these as being simply a religious relic , meaning they apply to some religious deity , with some kind of special meaning lost to antiquity , they are still an unusual curiosity , looking very modern , for their ancient place on these reliefs .
it was a terrible place down in those dungeons .
thetra opened his eyelids , only to reveal a vertay misty place everywhere around him .
we are in the place of the deep seas , said valao .
the discussion , more than anything , revolved around a question we had nt really given much thought to until alyse innocently asked us all , why did you bring them here in the first place ?
i told him that he still had a place with us if he wanted it .
kids got no place in a fight like this .
because the earth is constantly bombarded by meteors , certain algorithms are in place to screen out that activity as white noise .
they kept close to their own car , so if anybody saw or heard anything out of place he would just whistle , and everyone would pile in and scram .
was the ortiz home a place of grief and sorrow ?
if it had nt been for people working with the original injections that had created the revenants , they d never have been able to bring forth necromancers in the first place .
in this place she felt airier , lighter than she ever had in normal , waking life .
do nt get me wrong , i m not certain of anything , but i think we were teleported to this place .
if we were teleported to this place , then where could this place be ?
if we were teleported to this place , then where could this place be ?
` ` there is no place for sentiment .
the story after that is best summed up quickly : i joined an expedition to the moons of our most distant planets , finding my place in the darkness and the silence until the day when i was given the chance to reach out and touch that ancient object .
` ` i think the question you guys are forgetting to ask is : why were the computers allowed to go offline in the first place ? ''
part 2 the universe is a strange place .
the glass sphere shone in the light , and maxwell stared at it , willing himself to see the place where the secret lay .
i want you to find your place in this world .
some call him a mercenary , others just a nomad with no place in the world .
a most unusual person for fact and he might not have a land he calls home but he does have a place in the world , a place in the course and tides of quoit .
a most unusual person for fact and he might not have a land he calls home but he does have a place in the world , a place in the course and tides of quoit .
it has been said that babylonian leaders scarified a hundred of their citizens to a warlock to create this supernatural place .
the trees were closer to us now , growing directly out of the water and leaning toward each other across the little channel like they resented being separated by the creek in the first place .
inexperienced with firearms and conflicted about killing people , nester struggles with whether there s a place for compassion in a world without laws or authority .
the darkness in your hearts has no place in this dimension and neither do you .
it was on that day that god chose to let those try and ascend in spiritual purity back to their rightful places as gods .
it 's not mans place to interfere . ''
master jason simply told me that it was a defensive spell and that it was not his place , nor did he feel comfortable , teaching me an art that he had n't mastered himself . ''
everyone appears to be busy and oblivious to the shenanigans taking place above them .
but my place is here .
it brought her back to that place of certainty that was beyond logical argument or created capacity , no matter how vast , to that center of existence that was infinite , eternal and all knowing .
she needed to know how and why things happened so she could classify them , find their place in the universe and their relationships with other things .
well , then , by all means , we must return you to your rightful place in history so that you can continue to annoy him properly .
jarheads ( 2006 ) - starring jake gyllenhaal ( 5 stars ) comment : excellent portrayal of the human drama that takes place behind the scenes in combat and near - combat situations .
then we would have briskly assigned them a place in one of the coldly analytical taxonomical schemes which our kind formerly found so necessary to construct .
a protest song like standing in the rain would not have been out of place at a 60s campus sit - in : when a mans done his level best but got nothing for his pains when there s no money in his pocket and he s standin in the rain .
arose from a deep , instinctive place in the hearts and minds of the people .
the following song , morning , reveals more eloquently and concisely than any prose description ever could how we think about nature and our place in the world now .
the caller took her rightful place at the base of the column .
now , lets compare organized religions account of humanitys place in the cosmos .
these experiences with alice led him to an even larger moral dilemma : if there really was a good god , how could he allow such horrible evil to take place in his world ?
they both were teleported at that moment to a place among the stars in space .
charles leaped forward releasing a blast from the bottoms of his feet , it shot him upward towards edgar as the two collided , time shifted to another place .
he had deviated so far from his plan , he almost forgot why he was there in the first place .
you know , i meditated for over an hour this morning , trying to go to a mental place where i could kill a man .
` ` some place called syzygy . ''
it has its place here .
i marveled at the breezy , happy presumption everyone around me had about their place in the universe and in the solar system , which they still believed was solely theirs .
but the forge of the heavenly host was no place for children .
if these children live long enough , they are visited by their mother on their 100th birthday , their origin is explained and they are given the choice of a place at the forge of the heavenly host or remain bound to their earthen parents or families .
it took some close reading that set his head pounding again , but it sounded like military or civilian- whatever that was - was the place for those people .
he was tired and in a completely new place .
riley felt quite out of place in her uniform .
there seemed to be no place in the gemeng society to be anything other than a murderous beast .
i was finding my place in the hierarchy .
the gemengs hid their children somewhere safe in the grass , and after they d found a place in her tribe , the children just appeared .
everything was in the right place with her .
they came to a place where the perspective did nt switch .
she looked so out of place in that white room .
he seemed to be throwing it back at the red woman that she was oblivious to her place in the corporation .
i was a freakan anomalysomeone who did nt know her place in the world .
i thought of victor , henrietta , john , loren , and all the others trapped inside this dome , along with the rebels outside , and the stargazers , trying to find a place in this world .
if julius were to freely give up his immortality , i wondered if he would go to that heavenly place , so high above us all .
it took some time for everyone to acclimate , but they finally found their place in the world .
jax had a place in the new government which he took to immediately .
i learned that i died when i was small and my parents brought me to a sacred place in prominence , at the center of the planet where ancient spirits existed .
so where is this place ?
she was to blame , she had no place in his hunting world , cass would be missed .
` ` yep , this is the deluxe package , '' the man said with a smile , ` ` it may not be pretty , but it 's a place of your own .
he would frequently abuse his place of authority , beating prisoners when they did n't do what he wanted quickly enough , hurling insults at them for no particular reason other than to intimidate them .
anyone can paint a picture of another world , but this actually is another world , far from my home but a place someone else calls home .
your majesty , it has always been my place to do what is necessary for the folk of stenchstone .
i start to chuckle , then completely stop as the pieces of that statement fall into place .
contents prologue one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty - one twenty - two twenty - three twenty - four twenty - five twenty - six twenty - seven twenty - eight twenty - nine thirty thirty - one thirty - two thirty - three thirty - four thirty - five thirty - six thirty - seven thirty - eight thirty - nine forty forty - one forty - two forty - three forty - four forty - five forty - six forty - seven forty - eight forty - nine prologue for those who have read neither t is for time or unintended heroes , the first two books in the ambler 's odyssey series , there is important information you will need to know concerning the earth they inhabit and the funny little rock 's place in the affections of the universe .
told me evil has no place asking good anything then shot my laser system clean out .
dollop spun slowly inside dip 's office , allowing the carnage to find a place in his mind .
hugo 's smile had no place so close to a pint of understated ale .
dollop had just accepted and armed himself with a pool cue , his head protected by fruit bowl that had no place amongst such debauchery .
interesting concept but the narrative was all over the place .
the hero 's eyes were closed , suggesting unconsciousness , but suggestion had no place in such battles of the righteous .
the inner sanctum was an integral part of all keeps in the mountain territories , because it was said they were a sacred place where the gods could speak to , and at certain times , walk among men .
and through this , raum has earned a place among us .
there is a place here for you , '' velius said .
nothing was out of place , yet she could n't shake the unsettled feeling .
he wanted to find the place of trust again , but his faith in the crown was now shaken .
the place where karaine had disappeared .
but do you really think there s a place for him out here in the world ?
many people find comfort in the unexplained for some reason , but the fact is that the universe is a neutral place that can be fully explained .
it felt odd and out of place .
` ` it 's difficult to describe to humans who do n't hear the thoughts of others in their minds , but every thought has a time and place .
five of the nine planets had a significant number of animal species with the male - female reproductive system in place .
once you understand that , everything else will fall into place .
as i closed my eyes and let my mind drift to that place i access when near green things i realized that they 'd been on the right track .
` ` not reasonably , but space is a big place .
they have no place in the present . ''
the children carried the name and honor of their families , but love had no place in assassinations .
feelings had no place in war , but it was a comfort to know these two would be there .
` ` two girls finding their place in a world of men , and we found it before they did .
` ` learn your place , child . ''
it was truly a blissful time in my life ; i was in a state of euphoria , a place i never thought i d reach a few months back .
for the first time i felt like a real man and not a boy , a grounded self sufficient man , who had his own place and his own life .
i took a journey into my subconscious mind and found this harmonious place sharif had sent me in search of .
the heightened sense from the transformation made everything more existent , making me fall further down the rabbit hole into this illusory place .
i just could not get past the awkwardness for having a bunch of random people cramp up next to me with their noses buried in the digital books , to me it was illogical but i guess to others it was a place of sanctuary , a quiet relief from the hustle and bustle of the boisterous city life .
the bike was covered with miniature solar reflector panels capturing energy from the sun and a process took place which converted the suns cells into electrical energy .
eventually i had found the place where i would either get the answers i had been looking for , or have my dreams shattered as i found nothing , leaving me with a the same void of unfilled questions .
after the professor had been so courteous towards us and had helped me understand what i was , to the best of his ability , the least we could do was spare him some of our time and indulge in his factorial idea of this place he vividly imagined existed .
it sounded so loud , so out of place , so ...
but i did n't , and the reason is because he 's got this attitude about what place a woman has in his world .
tom had lost his place as leader .
looked like a lot of weapons just lying around by the bodieslike maybe a gunfight took place and then the ceiling caved in .
this place is mine .
oblige me and you shall have a place in the academy of magic .
the kitchen floor was wet , he noticed , and a sharp pine odor lingered in the house , mingled with something else he could n't quite place .
it was then that i scalded myself for not trusting jo in the first place .
he 'll look out of place , a man of the woods .
it was like putting on a familiar pair of shoes , instantly i felt at ease and in my rightful place .
the way i see it , god has led you to this place for reasons beyond our understanding , but reasons i am sure will be revealed in good time . ''
the outfit hung loose on his thinning frame , but he did n't seem out of place in it .
but now , trapped in this place i realised that i was seconds from death , my own mortality was staring me down and i wanted to weep .
the free lands are not much more than a dead expanse of dust and burnt - out houses , occasionally broken up by a skeletal tree or row of brambles that look out of place in the epic nothingness .
at albas next words everything snaps into place .
if i think about the people i love , ill be caught in the storming winds of my loss and deposited in a place where only paralysing grief reigns .
a smooth voice cuts through the hysteria and an out of place calm washes over me .
they were out of place here , especially the way kimbra was dressed in her black tights .
the long weekend the strangled caw of a vulture brought jeremy back from a place between sleep and total unconsciousness .
he realized that for the first time in his life , he was in a place where all the pain he felt from all the losses and bad luck in his life would be understood .
i am from a place called earth .
he welcomed the light as he felt that his entire journey had been in places of darkness .
we are from a place beyond even the furthest star in your sky .
you allowed time for the influence of the writers to guide the kings subconscious into a place that he would not respond favorably to your quest , noal mentioned matter - of - factly .
a place better than what the universe could offer to us .
adam was getting restless ; his mind seemed to be in a different place .
mankind must choose their own path , it is not our place to direct them , said helios , master of the flame .
v. two characters are named in homage to three of my favourite pop / action authors ; jeffrey elton for jeffrey archer and ben elton , and riley mathis for matthew reilly , who inspired me to write the books in the first place , and encouraged me when he found out .
that s because the government did nt like the fact that they refused to do the reconstruction work that they insisted on their rightful place , not as slaves but as masters .
the house became a much more hostile place , we went from a state of hippy like bliss to infighting and barely talking .
they wanted to go down fighting , we had no place in this world .
i now had no place in the normie world , i was of no more use them .
there is a sense that things are starting to fall into place though , that i am finally starting to move in the right direction .
i do nt want to be put into a place where i have to fight my way out .
if we had known i d like to think that we would have stopped just to preserve our place as the dominant beings in the universe , if nothing else .
focusing on the path before me , everything is coming together , its all falling into place .
they did nt give us much but they gave us that , they must have thought being connected to the outside world would make us feel more apt to accept our place in it .
as i turned to go back up the stairs , the captains response seemed out of place .
what i do nt get is why they had us pick her up in the first place .
they say they need the money and its not their place to stop him from something he obviously wants to do .
i was enrolled in the medical program and for this brown university was to given full access to me during the course of my study , a prominent place in the promotional literature for the robotic physician marketing campaign , and of course monetary compensation .
i wish we would see an end to this cursed war ... the high marshal stared at the ceiling , blowing out another cloud , perhaps the end is near , perhaps we will see seatus finally take its place in the stars , the greatness of our empire restored ...
he seeks my place i know , he tells no man of his black desire , not even those closest to him but i see it !
but if the swordsmen do nt use their swords , ill have failed as swordmaster ... maybe , but battle is nt the place for pride , ogher said gruffly .
no , not precisely and do nt start deifying my race or me no , you must understand that there is no place in a society of telepaths for a non - telepath .
just as a telepath has no place in a society of non - telepaths ... saarha said looking down .
what had brought him to this place , fate rather possibly cruathor ?
it is a scene of utter chaos , which does not seem out of place in a city that is collapsing in on itself , in a nation that 's disintegrating , on a world which will continue to turn regardless .
its just one of the ways she s learning about her place in the world .
what happened next seemed to take place in a slow , alternate universe .
california was still broken but she , along with several other friends she spoke with still said that in lots of ways it returned to the place they remembered from their youth .
maybe emily denison would someday get to a place in her life like this , whether rudy made it as a big league pitcher or not .
i did nt exactly memorize the way from my room to this place .
humankind had assured its place among the stars .
the pieces had fallen into place , and with a bit of luck they could pull their mission off flawlessly .
in nates eyes he had reserved a permanent place by his side .
before we entered this place , do you remember what i told you ?
but something finally felt wrong , or at least out of place , as he watched his young self and his father hug before parting ways .
no - one would have been in danger had he not been hell - bent on catching the assassin in the first place .
perhaps this was the reason stuart was so good at his job in the first place .
as powerful as he was , palpatine was convinced that the senate , and even the jedi , had their place in the galaxy .
the military had been revitalized , the citizenry put in their proper place , and the chancellor was making the executive office a real power in governmental affairs .
` ` decorum has its place , particularly in the presence of our two senators , '' raymus cracked a smile .
the drip of water was so out of place in the immaculate jedi temple .
once i escort young anakin to the world his blushing bride is on , everything will fall into place .
the force sang to him in this place , but the tune was far different than anything he had known before .
but the idea of ushering in a new sith empire that adani wanted seemed out of place .
his place was in the annals of history , not languishing behind a desk .
the droid seemed familiar , but vader could nt quite place where he had seen the droid before .
he added , sorry , its not my place to ask .
he lost his place in the process and opened his eyes to the heavy grey air and the sunbeams that shuddered through airborne water molecules .
he lost his place and wondered , is it her or me , from whose eyes do i now see ?
how to find ones place in it all ?
but something still seemed out of place .
these visions you ve been having , splyders , a strange place , elves , trolls ; they are memories of a real place , lad .
but this strange alchemy hints at something more than this : at the bottom of all our dreams , all our mythology , all the stories we tell each other by the light of the campfire , perhaps , is the deepest fountain of all , the most hidden place , as they called it at the areopagus , the altar of the unknown god .
then , perhaps , the soul becomes a place wherein god can dwell .
she 's having some difficulty standing , but when she speaks does n't put a word out of place , ' i know we 're a couple of months late , but better late than never .
after a few weeks it all starts to make sense and fall into place .
your place belongs with me .
his mind drifted to a dark place of wonder and fright .
abraham simply stared ahead at the fifty shades of red , gasping and trembling , until his eyes took him to a dark place .
the universe of awareness is indeed a beautiful , wonderful place , and i am very grateful just to be here .
2 : jade shank 's blues under a government which imprisons any unjustly , the true place for a just man is also a prison .
nothing else mattered , be it money , power , perks , or a honored place at the table with the great ones .
the queen said nothing more as the guards led a stupefied edward and a weeping samantha to the opposite end of the hanger and out to a waiting military vehicle , which was to transport them with all due speed to their place of execution .
my place is inside there .
he surveyed them ; there was probably but no more than a hundred of them ; a rag - tag army of fresh - faced kids who had no place on a battlefield .
tuki was either mistaken in what he saw or was poking his nose into women 's business , a place where it most definitely did not belong .
he sometimes wondered if that were one of the reasons he was not yet married , but it was not his place to ask , so he did what he did and hoped that poti did not hold it against him .
then he was led across to where kim and meledrin waited near a normal sized door that looked out of place amidst the otherwise huge scale of the shed .
it appeared to be out of place in this world .
looting a world that once was , and trading valuables for a place among society .
girls who hold a special place for the zombie cowboys of society .
no matter the outcome , you will always hold a special place in my heart .
the paranoia has sprung back into place , killing the momentary joy , suppressing the sense of fulfillment .
* i wake in a place that is nt real and is nt a dream .
or maybe he looked at what was behind him , what lay ahead , and he saw no place for himself in either .
looked at this way , i suppose we , as individuals , would compose the cells of a planetary being too vast to perceiveeons old , yet not eternalas it struggles to comprehend its place in the cosmos , circling and circling a burning light in a sea of darkness .
prime minister hegman wanted to make sure that the atrocities that took place under the secret police in places like russia under lenin , and later stalin , would never take place anywhere in the united kingdom .
he explained that their rivals had made not one , but three attempts on victorias life , and that he did nt plan to get involved , but to allow a crime of murder to take place would have been inhuman .
they had discussions on a variety of issues that needed to be resolved before any type of reconciliation could take place .
he did nt feel it was his place to decide her bodys departure from the earth .
he said he would let the judicial process take place and was confident he would be found innocent of any wrong doing .
there are no doors , no windows the only thing that suggests this place is even remotely real is the mirror - window but that is nt real either , and becca knows it .
the light from the holoscreen stirred , the images ran with his thoughts and the jumble of chaotic visions fell into place , seeming to focus along a line of coherence in memory so that , for the first time , something quite vivid and quite real played out before his minds eye .
citing examples of his actions became common place in many heated and earnest debates on the origins of race , culture or religion .
the selfish transformation took place over many lives , forging an instinctual guard within steffor of his sibling but not fear .
a kings heart had a place where all the concerns of his people rested , stirring slowly but heavily .
to him , everything about osa was too contrived , out of place .
the future is going to be an exciting place , i hope it lives up to even half of the possibilities that we see in scientific predictions and science fiction books like this one .
it was a common argument among those who knew of the gifted and worried about their place in the world of tomorrow .
the realm of zeallee was the astral plain , the place of dream , thought , and emotion all tied together and stitched into the fabric of time and reality .
she felt a little better about her place on the team .
they could redirect their team anyway they needed to , and they would understand their place within the battle at all times , and having a better situational awareness made them more effective .
the wind that distressed the clerk was no hindrance to critias in his mechsuit and it was heavenly to carmen the android ; in total , it made the weak man seem even more out of place in the fabulously free and natural environment .
several times some wandering ghoul had blundered near to their hidden place at the center of the sand hills .
this looks very well - made , but entirely out of place , said saan , speaking of the wooden doors as she walked further into the cavern .
freedom does not serve any of you , it is not your place .
christians believed in this place called hell which was a fiery underground realm .
he preferred to not know why the woman needed a dysfunctional artificial penis in the first place .
or people , she said dreamily , her mind in other places .
i just do nt see the point in trying to uphold a culture we ran from in the first place .
it was neither their place to ask nor their place to question what dolos was telling them .
it was neither their place to ask nor their place to question what dolos was telling them .
they already had a description of heaven which was that it was a place of happiness happier than any happiness one can feel experience or imagine .
whatever experimentation taking place on gaiacorp 's premises is for the greater good of mankind , both earther and gaian . ''
things seem out of place as though they do nt belong here .
god only knew what depravity had taken place .
` ` it is not my place to say .
if you ve changed your ways by then , you re welcome back aboard and you ll always have a place on my crew .
it gave cleo every possible chance to put you in what she thinks is your proper place , .. to be blunt in her mind your proper place is under her heel !
it is only a myth of course , but many believe that it is some sort of divine place .
she convinced me that my place was here and that only in time would my destiny take me outside these walls again .
the shroud has taken them both to a dark place !
we have fought against each other , killed for mere pieces of this world in a trivial struggle to cement our places in time .
was it fair to deny him a life of power , a place in history ?
even in private he carried himself with the easy confidence of someone who had found their place in life .
in my city , the great stories tell us that helikon is the afterlife , a place where those who have died live on , if they are fortunate enough to earn such a privilege . ''
coming from somewhere down the hall , it had n't been a loud sound , but it was out of place .
the collected is a place so frustrating in its nature that the great philosopher from the planet alpha demo , delphaconnick , called it- a symbol of truly how godless and random creation is in its cruelty to life .
the reason for that is , the life - light itself , although visible to us , is not part of our direct time and place .
after all , the historical novel contained within the ark lords took place in new jersey and illinois .
everybody thinks of hell as fire and brimstone and sulfur but the greeks imagined hell as a cold and dark place .
i was going for a more you are there kind of vibe so to me , chapters were just a convenient place to let the reader breathe .
in summary , the star probes have their place but looking at small objects is not their strong point .
entry 2 - 252 : september 4 , 2014 planning your day as i ' ve mentioned before ( it 's always sunny on deucado ) , i do n't like dealing with night so most of my action takes place during the day .
but nothing in their story seems out of place except for the fact that their story exists at all .
while her forte was the west , she had a special place in her heart for the american revolution , dating back to some of her first introductions to history in middle school .
its not our place to guess what someones motives were when they made their mark on history .
surprisingly , her thoughts drifted to a frustration at why she was even there in the first place .
the pieces had all fallen into place for her .
in the mentoid society a toddler with severe mental deficiency like myself would never find his place .
the machine was not very happy when the humans tried to convince it that their place was in the kitchen , near a cooking pan ... for life !
like the automatic rifles that the guards carried , solar panels seemed to be distinctly out of place in this otherwise primitive looking setting .
white cloud took frank 's place at the laptop keyboard and typed ' we seek peace ' and hit the enter key .
he had devastated many worlds with his experiments and he had seen many things that hinted at a place that existed at the end of time .
you tell yourself that every time you think of those you killed but ... well , it 's not my place to reveal the plan .
they had no place in that world , which hated and feared them .
but the group of them had found their true place and their purpose here .
ion the name held a firm place in her memory , as did every other aspect of their meeting .
as mantra spoke , he felt his mind zoom over visions of an age that held its place in the revered memory of the good .
and so they made their place in the great empire as the upholders of goodness , and the protectors of the people .
the empires well guarded prison , taurandor , was the rightful place for such heinous crimes .
a struggle with his own memories memories he wished he never had in the first place .
zardin could sense the other three looking about at this strange place they found in the middle of the earth , wondering what it was .
men , this strange place were now at is taurandor , the ancient prison .
some fang like thing my master gave me , answered ion hastily , feeling that was slightly out of place amidst the heat of this situation .
and i found them , asking to be joined so that i , too , could share a place in the struggle they were putting up a struggle for a better world .
all of us have a place in this world , and your is yours alone to find no matter how bad a scoundrel you may have been , you are still a scoundrel placed in this universe for a reason .
our place is in following its light .
perhaps the experience is less harrowing for the faithful , who believe in a place apart from this place .
perhaps the experience is less harrowing for the faithful , who believe in a place apart from this place .
it was so brutal that it was worthy of a place in ancient greek literature ; in fact , i remembered something about someone being pecked to death by crows in tantalus for all eternity .
queen janna is no longer queen ; she is merely the widow of james maxwell , a lowly commoner whose punishment was so brutal that it deserves a place amongst the old spirit legends .
my parents were dead , i had been taken from my home ( in a place that i had grown to dislike , but it was my home , nonetheless ) , and i was alone , facing countless violent criminals whom the old spirits had deemed unworthy of a place in normal society , whom they had deemed irredeemable .
a part of me hoped you would come to see that you have a place amongst us , out there in the free world , if only you chose to revoke your allegiance to your old ways and adopt ours , but i did not expect that to actually occur .
maybe i wanted lucy to fill the place that my mother should have filled .
she did not want to come here because she did not want to infect any of you , but her last moments would not be there , with them , in that terrible place .
to have such high feelings of her seemed out of place for him , but then , i did nt know him that well .
it is that sadness in which one can sob until the end of time , and still , the tears never dry , until ones entire being is pained to a place in the core so deep , one is petrified at the depth he or she never knew they had .
as i stand there , i wonder why i have come there in the first place .
that was worthy of a spot in hell , of a spot in what tyres people call the land of eternal darkness , a place i had visited before and never wanted to visit again .
my love for her had grown naturally , as though it were always meant to be there , as though there had always been some place in my heart that had remained vacant only so my love for her could fill it .
instead of dying on the battlefield in a blaze of glory worthy of a place in songs , james would die in hiding , or so i thought .
i did n't , and the reason is because he 's got this attitude about what place a woman has in his world .
jake had lost his place as leader .
we have a chance to change history , to take our place as the most powerful people in the world .
soon , every campaign from mayor to senator to president becomes about the bionics and their place in society .
we must take our place in this world , and we must be able to accept those around us .
not only are they dealing with all of those hormones , but now they have to try and figure out their place in a world that is nt even a world anymore .
all able - bodied people will have a place in the rebuilding , security and survival of the greater group .
your alliance did nothing then to aid our dying people , and they have no place for us now .
she could not imagine why she had been so angry with orthain in the first place .
` ` death holds a place of high honor and divine purpose for both of us , old friend , but there are moments in which life can better serve our needs .
he was in a place of blinding whiteness , lying on something soft .
it is nt your place to lecture me , shepherd .
` ` what place does someone in your position have on this assignment ? ''
he was a selfish , lying fool , and if me living had n't been in his best interest , he never would have gone with us in the first place .
i ' m feeling ranges of emotions all over the place from what you said besides who 's this doctor that told you this analysis anyway ?
guilt has its place , but if you let it , it will only force you to make more mistakes .
space was a vast place .
if you ca nt survive that , you have no place amongst us , he says .
the person who divines the proper path will secure for themselves , not only a vaunted place in tiberia , but an equally important place in history .
the person who divines the proper path will secure for themselves , not only a vaunted place in tiberia , but an equally important place in history .
zeus scoffed and said , ` ` there 's a place for everyone . ''
contents title page acknowledgements prolog the future chapter one then chapter two then chapter three then chapter four then chapter five then chapter six then chapter seven then chapter eight then chapter nine now chapter ten now chapter eleven now chapter twelve now chapter thirteen now chapter fourteen now chapter fifteen now chapter sixteen mayhem chapter seventeen the new reality chapter eighteen a place to call home epilog the past about the author other books by mark harritt connect with mark harritt acknowledgements this is my first book .
draagh used multiple cantuses to blast attackers over the wall and down into the moat , forever returned to their places in the ecosystem via the teeth of the dominion 's sharks .
` ` brother , you indeed have serious issues with which to contend , and although it is not my place to kill you , as i have sworn to preserve life to the utmost of my abilities , you can no longer exist on this plane .
honesty had no place in matters of life and death .
toby was guessing that baldur could do considerable damage before the possibility was well enough believed for regulations to be put in place to stop him .
however , make it a series of lines , each one only a little bit more dubious than the last , and many a good man can be led to a place he never expected to be .
i know that eoin felt pretty guilty for his role in putting you in jeopardy in the first place .
although xander had loved living on katan with his adopted parents and had been treated well by them and others , he d still felt out of place at times .
the evil spirit , which had used the woman for years , also screamed in fright for it had no place else to hide .
afuas emotions were all over the place right now .
she could nt believe how all over the place her emotions were today .
i am sure some of them are for you , since i will always have a special place in my heart for my first love .
in austria children know their place .
during a celebration of life with a shot of medicinal pain killer , i tell michael what took place with the shooters and wolf , the amazing life saver .
he seems out of place in this world .
its an age old controversy , says michael , but i feel they each have their place .
you see , it functions this way : substance d , in fact all addictive dope , but substance d most of all , interacts with the catecholamines in such a fashion that involvement is locked in place at a sub - cellular level .
damage having taken place in the normally dominant left hemisphere , the right hemisphere is attempting to compensate for the impairment .
but when he found it once again , if they were lucky , pattern - recognition would take place .
the whole struggle before the intercessor came took place in time , a very long time .
a witchery is a place where the control of people is exercised by means of formulas and incantations .
this was the place denied her ; she could not come here , as the rest of them could .
and with that , the pieces of the puzzle were falling rapidly into place .
and the founder of their science , the revered galdo 221 , no doubt was looking down from his exalted place in the pantheon of archaeologists and shaking his head sadly .
you ' ve probably won a place in scientific history for yourself , but we do n't know yet whether it 's as a debunker or as an originator .
as the apostles of flame say of it , it is a holy place , the place where the gods have made themselves manifest to humanity . ''
suddenly beenay knew where he was , and everything fell into place .
the past and the present , he found , were alike a place of torment .
not in this manner , perhaps , but in drake 's job , kindness and humanity had to take second place to necessity .
the alien thing , whatever it was , was once here , whenever that was , and you just snapped back to that place without really thinking . ''
the weightlessness , peace , and privacy of the space - float gave place to something that had neither peace nor privacy .
the jarring that took place on the first day of travel nearly shook them out from under their hair .
even the substitution of triple g. for george g. grundy had its place in the shadowy file .
a dreamer 's place is in his home with his thinker .
he had read a speech on ' the place of the mystery novel in american literature ' in an appalled tone .
he continued roughly , ' there 's no place here for humani - tarianism , administrator .
humanity has n't much place in it . '
' we might escape still , ' whispered the cepheid , ' but where in the galaxy is there place for us ?
' yes , there is no place for you nearer than the magellame clouds if you wished independence .
' where is this place ? '
he knew just where it ended , sharply , and gave way to the alien crags , along whose undesirable slopes the angular , sharp leaves of the native furze clung sullenly - as if in hatred of the softer matter that had usurped its place in the sun .
the actual swapping and horse - trading takes place in the lobbies and at the lunch - tables and many of irresolvable conflict has softened over the soup and vanished over the nuts .
-now , you were saying a moment ago that you see the world of the child as a fundamentally alien place .
that 's the theory , anyway , and we do n't have any reason to doubt it : an object returning to its place in the space - time matrix generates such powerful forces in its immediate vicinity that it takes with it anything that 's nearby .
do n't you think that discussion could have taken place someplace else ? ''
not for the first time miss fellowes found herself detesting gerald hoskins and everyone else connected with stasis technologies , ltd . , for having ripped this little boy out of his own proper time and place .
she could almost agree with the bruce mannheim crowd that a very sophisticated kind of child abuse had taken place here .
and therefore if you need to talk to me about timmie 's welfare , if any changes take place in the setup at stasis technologies that might have an unfavorable impact on timmie 's existence there- '' ( ah .
to call it grief might be a little too strong , he thought , for he suspected that there was no place in his positronic pathways for any feeling that corresponded exactly to the human emotion known as grief .
andrew was invited to attend paul 's funeral - the public ceremony , he was aware , that marked the end of a human life - but there was scarcely anyone there whom he knew , and he felt ill at ease and out of place , even though everyone was scrupulously polite to him .
these young strangers - friends of paul 's , members of his law firm , distant relatives of the charneys - had no more substance than shadows for andrew , and he stood among them heavy with the double grief of having lost his good friend paul and of finding himself bereft of his last real connection with the family that had given him his place in life .
the line between humans and robots was still a distinct one , yes ; but andrew himself , because of his android body and his record of high scientific achievement , occupied an ambiguous place somewhere along that boundary , and in the easygoing society on the moon it evidently was possible for the people he worked among to forget for long stretches of time that he was a robot at all .
para - theory makes it seem quite definite that fusion takes place much more easily over there , so the stars must be considerably smaller than ours on the average .
what they really want is their damned pump , or their reputation , or their place in history .
odeen loved having her so interested in his work ; loved having her so concerned and so amazingly ready of comprehension ; but that was an intellectual love , lie deeper feeling went to steady , stupid tritt , who knew his place so well and who could offer so little other than exactly what counted - the security of assured routine .
by that time morrison had caught his breath and his mind had steadied itself to the point where he asked the question that should have had pride of place in the conversation .
in the second place , spies are too valuable a commodity to destroy .
very little energy would then be required to miniaturize and re - expansion could take place very quickly . ''
his own place in science was something more .
he would give a great deal more - a great deal more - to break back into it now , to wake up and to find the last hundred hours ( or years ) had never taken place .
` ` her place ?
certainly he could find clues to his own identity , his place in the world .
what was the place of the robot in the world ?
savagery has no place in a political debate . ''
we can not imagine a world worth living in without them , just as our friends the settlers think a world thatdoes include them is no fit place for humans .
to look at it another way , robots here on inferno place an especially strong emphasis onour existence and an especially weak one on their own .
look at the place of humans in it .
we robots know our duty , our purpose , our place , our limits .
but it was not , horatio somewhat primly reminded himself , his place to worry about such things .
i can see that robots must have their place in that system .
yes , i was unsure about signing on to the project in the first place , but you long ago convinced me that your approach makes sense .
` ` we tell ourselves that the spacer way of life frees us to build a better , higher culture , frees us from all drudgery to explore the better places of human ability .
somehow , it all fell into place , and grieg got exactly the boost he had been looking for .
far down and off in the western sky the lights of the limbo atmospheric force field generator gleamed and glistened , a bit of rippling green on the horizon , so dim they were hard to see , but even that little trace of warmth and color seemed quite out of place in such a time and place as this .
his place , his rightful place , in history had been warped and distorted for all time .
his place , his rightful place , in history had been warped and distorted for all time .
was he intelligent enough to have doubts , to see that the universe was not the well - ordered , every - peg - in - its - proper - hole place that the three laws would make it seem ?
gut reactions had their place as well .
` ` note that you must cite humanity again and again to explain the new law robot 's place in the universe , '' caliban said .
but the new law robots came into being on a world where three - law robots were already there , and on a world that seemed to have no place for them .
donald saw them as a perversion , as unnatural beings that had no proper place in the universe .
the world , the universe , is a very new place to you , and you seek to explore yourselves and it at the same time .
the heavy lifters , the construction crews , the seemingly endless series of auxiliary services - emergency medical , motor pool repair , preimpact cartography , provisions , accommodation and sanitation for all the extra bodies - somehow , incredibly , it all seemed to be dropping into place .
worn - looking stresscrete floors and walls , a few battered old government - issue desks with chairs to match , a modern - looking comm center that seemed to have seen little use and looked rather out of place in such musty old surroundmgs .
he said , ` ` as i told you , partner elijah , i was designed to take a temporary place in a human society .
baley 's hopes , not strong in the first place , weakened as he spoke .
their politics , their quarrels , every facet of their behavior had been earthish ; what happened on aurora was , in ways , similar to the events that took place when the relatively empty sections of earth had been settled a couple of thousand years before .
` ` but look here , dr . fastolfe , even if you were to prove conclusively that a spontaneous mental freeze - out could take place in robots generally , that would not be the same as proving that such a thing happened to jander in particular at this particular time . ''
marriage takes place when there 's the intention to have children , i understand . ''
` ` in time , as on solaria , ectogenesis will be the thing , so that fertilization and fetal development will take place in genotaria and sex will be left to itself as a form of social interaction and play that has no more to do with love than space - polo does .
baley said tonelessly , ` ` it is not my place either to approve or disapprove . ''
he wanted his name associated with antigravity , they say , because he was concerned with his place in history , as old men of no great attainments frequently are .
now ask yourself why he allowed seldon to come along in the first place .
` ` it 's no place at all for a decent woman . ''
he strikes me as unusual - as out of place somehow - and i would like to talk to him . ''
` ` ever since you told me that hand - on - thigh story , i ' ve had fugitive thoughts that - now your remark about the emperor being a place rather than a person seems to have struck a chord . ''
he recommends , therefore , that i see businesspeople who , in the first place , still have credits and , in the second place , can simply write out a credit voucher . ''
it might be viewed as a grand memorial of greatness , the sepulcher of empire , but to the trantorians - the hamish people - these were haunted places , filled with ghosts , not to be stirred .
he said , in an attempt to be genial and soothing , ` ` so you have come to see the - uh - place of scholars ? ''
there are plenty of myths about some form of afterlife in world literature and if there should happen to be such a place - about the same chance as landing on a mini - black hole , i suppose , or less - and we both turn up in the same one , then i will bear witness that you did your honest best and that my death should not be laid at your door . ''
be it your place to assault scowler ? '
people meditate , in other words , but not in the big town , where everyone is sophisticated and there 's no place for small - town piety .
` ` i am sure there will continue to be a place for you in the complex - with the scholars , that is - when this is over . ''
not about my place in history and not about that , '' and she pointed to the screen .
we do not understand a human being who can not sense his place in the scheme of things , who does not feel like part of a greater whole . ''
the future abruptly seemed like a fairly unpleasant place for professional wizards .
` ` there is no place for that kind of language here . ''
melissa took rex to a place in the core of those memories , an event that mindcasters had shared since the old days .
suddenly jessica felt lost , filled with the certainly that she was failing out of school , was leaving her old friends forever , going to a place where reality was warped and strange .
there 's no place for a child in that . ''
and why , exactly , a voice somewhere within the storm in my chest whispered , should i be hiding from these murdering scum in the first place ?
the headquarters of the white council of wizards is a dull , dim , drafty sort of place - not unlike the insides of the heads of a great many people who work there .
so , if point a is a dark and spooky place in the nevernever , it touches upon a dark and spooky place in the real world - let 's say , the stacks at the university of chicago .
judging by arianna 's jewelry , her proper place had been on the eleventh tier of the pyramid - the one directly below the lords of outer night themselves .
when he was seven and already showing the mental brilliance coupled to holographic memory that had caused the sisterhood to place such heavy responsibilities on his previous incarnation , he suddenly saw the orchards as a place touching something deep inside him .
they had always considered him too serious but now he had found the place and time for vindication .
the workroom once more had become a familiar place but now odrade knew a source of her alien feelings .
she had gone beyond fatigue into a place where the mind caught itself in tight circles .
he was assured of a warm place in her thoughts for several reasons , including the fact that he had trained her personal chef .
the reinforcing metal of the chimney contained threads of ridulian crystal to relay exterior scenes into this place .
her proper place .
` ` weak links create places others must reinforce and that would strengthen those others . ''
far more important to find that place in herself where freedom lived .
it winged its way northward , a creature completely out of place in that setting but beautiful in a profoundly nostalgic way because of it .
it was the woman at the shuttle controls but her voice had a disembodied quality and came from no discernible place .
i can not follow into your wild place , sheeana .
as liet - kynes had said , the universe was a place of constant conversation between animal populations .
that was a living place out there .
at the edge of the third landing the preacher turned , and it was as though he looked about him , seeing with his empty eye sockets the foppish city dwellers , some of them fremen , with garments which simulated stillsuits but were only decorative fabrics , seeing the eager pilgrims fresh off the guild space transports and awaiting that first step on the devotion which would ensure them a place in paradise .
unless that society be ordered in logical steps , no one can find a place in it - not the lowliest or the highest .
` ` we must have a place in our awareness to perceive what we ca n't preconceive .
she felt that her body had walked into this place with her soul creeping behind .
there could be no jacurutu in her mind , no brother out there seeking a place lost in fremen mythology .
` ` duncan , is it possible that you 're jealous of your place in history ? ''
where was the entrance to that place ?
leto felt suddenly that he was in this place because he had refused to be confined in the system which his ancestors bequeathed him .
how could he return to any recognizable place ?
later you 'll fill a new place in your awareness which this has opened .
somewhere just beyond his grasp lay a place of supreme independence , a victory over all of the confusions inherent in his multitude of lives - no false sense of command , but a true victory .
seen close up it was a hustling place like the sand all around him , a place of change , of uniqueness piled upon uniqueness .
there was no place of safety , only a transitory shifting of relationships , marked out within the limits which they now imposed and bound for inevitable changes .
ca n't you see that the transformation already has taken place ?
tyekanik stood at one side , uncomfortable with the lady jessica , who appeared withdrawn , as though her mind lived in another place .
he felt awed by the words , touched within himself in a place he could not understand .
i have sat in the living room , listening to bach on the hi - fi , and looked through the windows and across the field to the ranch on the hillside beyond , and seen some ghastly act taking place : some old rancher in his manure - impregnated blue jeans , his boots and hat , out with an ax knocking in the skull of a dog found nosing around his chicken coop .
i often felt out of place , not in sync with the people around me .
hate was simpler , but the world ai n't a simple place .
how clean and unique was this shower of molecules upon his person and upon this place he occupied in the dancing pattern !
timberlake felt that he moved up through enormous layers of fog - layer upon layer upon layer ... until he reached a place of clarity and balance .
combine that with an autonomously generated virtual database especially when rom - based software agents for object definition and classification are in place and i think we can agree we are looking at prospects for a very exciting future . ''
she licked the bottom of his earlobe with a quick dart of her tongue and instantly there was nothing but his desire , hot and angry , more intense for the fact that he did n't really want to be there , that he felt she had manipulated him to this place .
an android , no matter how gifted as to pure intellectual capacity , could make no sense out of the fusion which took place routinely among the followers of mercerism - an experience which he , and virtually everyone else , including subnormal chickenheads , managed with no difficulty .
the reflex - arc response taking place in the upper ganglia of the spinal column requires several microseconds more in the humanoid robot than in a human nervous system . ''
paranoid delusions of omnipotence ; everything that takes place is due to him .
` ` i have no place . ''
the less trust our enemies place in her , the less use she is to them . ''
he felt that he occupied an inhospitable middle zone , a wasted place where his emotions drifted , swayed , swept outward in unchecked restlessness .
they called arrakis the place of the unknown where all mysteries were explained .
there would be security men somewhere out there waiting to grab the guide and take the man to a place of questioning , paul knew .
awakening , she 'd found paul sitting beside her , his eyeless sockets aimed at some formless place beyond the far wall of their bedchamber .
she looked out of place here in the city , he thought .
paul felt himself arriving at a place which had claimed him from the beginning .
he had taken his place in a universe he did not want , wearing flesh that did not fit .
now buliwyf , the leader , and all his warriors conferred in another place in the great hall .
you are of jaddeth 's chosen people - all of the fjordell have a place of service in his empire .
' ene - they 're worried about maintaining their place in society . ''
after the intensity of the debate surrounding sarene 's place , or lack thereof , the lords were quick to turn their minds to a topic less controversial .
` ` you see rank and distinction ; you try to order the world so that everything has a place either above you or beneath you .
to be away from iadon 's court was political suicide ; the king granted and took away titles willfully , and a high profile was necessary to assure a firm place in the aristocracy .
while most people added personal touches to their study or reception room , kiin 's love was his food , and the dining room the place where he shared his talent .
` ` you never did understand your place , did you ?
and quite near the edge , on the fuzzy boundary between the occupied zone and real malvir , she has discovered an artificial process taking place in the sands .
taking his arm , alys guided him down an adobe - and - slate corridor and then down a flight of five brick steps , into a sunken living room , an ancient place in this day , but beautiful .
` ` no sir , not my place to think anything of the sort . ''
he had from that moment looked for a way to counteract the cold , loveless rationality of linge chen and his gentry cohorts , commanding their suffocating hordes of greys , drawing their lines and cutting off the bright young flesh of the empire for some obscure sense of trantor 's place and pride ... for political expedience .
they felt out of place ; most specials were recruited from the citizens .
i let you go now because you are nothing to me , you no longer have any place in my designs . ''
everything seemed out of place , most of all himself ; he did not belong there , and they did not belong there .
another , any of a million or a billion human historians , judging daneel on his long record , might have given him a place in history , a steely gray eminence , equal to that of any human leader , perhaps far greater .
the greatest remaining store of spice , moneo knew , lay in some place known only to the god emperor .
it was her most basic nature , the place where she lived .
the new escort , vibrant with repressed emotion , had taken him into a region deep beneath the plaza , a place not on any of the city charts idaho had studied .
` ` time can also be a place , moneo , '' leto said .
` ` i do not understand your reference to the butlerian jihad , lord , machines that think have no place in ... '' ` ` the target of the jihad was a machine - attitude as much as the machines , '' leto said .
` ` throughout our history , '' leto said , ` ` the most potent use of words has been to round out some transcendental event , giving that event a place in the accepted chronicles , explaining the event in such a way that ever afterward we can use those words and say : ` ` this is what it meant . ''
our private desires have no place here . ''
she could reject him , deny him a place in her family .
and when we have passed , everything behind us will drop off into no - sound , a place like the no - room of the lxians , yet never again the same as it was before we came .
leto 's awareness went wandering then into a night - encircled place , a place where he thought he could hear the metal insect song of his hidden printers clacking away in their lightless room .
leto 's awareness went wandering then into a night - encircled place , a place where he thought he could hear the metal insect song of his hidden printers clacking away in their lightless room .
without the solidarity of the colonial group to support his identity , he began to lose his place among them .
roland 's father was only just back from the uplands , and he looked out of place amid the drapes and the chiffon fripperies of the main receiving hall that the boy had only lately been granted access to , as a sign of his apprenticeship .
not moral , but it is not your place to be moral .
he dreamed again of the dark place in the earth , the dungeon , and again of jake as an alabaster saint with a nail through his forehead .
all reports were bad , and all of them palled before the heat that rested over this place of the center .
the gunslinger followed him in broken boots to the place of counseling .
the religious overtones of the word seemed out of place in a bene gesserit context .
teg knew the atreides reputation for reliable prescience , but gnomic utterances had no place in his universe .
the furnishings , the decor , still her place .
the coordinates of their place in the scattering were contained only in a no - ship 's workings and have been erased . ''
` ` you all know siona 's place in the histories , '' he said .
duncan felt that his imaginative projections were a subterranean reality that worked on him from that place where the stranger dwelled .
` ` that quality in you , miles , drew us to you in the first place , '' taraza said .
do we give them their proper places ?
he had seemed to rise out of some place within himself , a questioning look in his eyes .
peaceful rakis , the secure place of his daily routines , had vanished and he had been projected into an arena whose rules he did not fully understand .
he felt suddenly out of place in flesh too young , not fitted to his pre - ghola existence .
the place of other memory warning .
it was obvious to teg that duncan had come to a decision about his place in taraza 's machinations .
this had been stilgar 's place in the time of muad'dib .
as she crossed it , she realized that she had always known it was there : a place where she could enter the void and float free .
sometime during the night 's passage , duncan realized , he had begun to accept his place in the schemes of others .
` ` it is with a sad heart that i ' m forced to step into a place i never thought i 'd occupy .
` ` she 'll be abdicating her place in our line if she does . ''
and here lately those feelings of rage and resentment , of unrelenting hatred and vengeance , were forcing him into a place of darkness he was n't sure he could come back from .
since the day she 'd been born , his sister had held a special place in his heart .
he could n't resist using the title he knew his uncle despised as it reminded arturo of his lesser place in their world and the fact that he could never have full governorship - only a secondary regeant position .
it 's not my place to judge or gossip .
` ` it 's not my place to say .
tradition had a place in the world .
when he had been lost to a place so dismal not even maris could pull him out , she alone had returned him to sanity and given him sunshine again .
and his anger went to a place so fierce and foul that it screwed up his vision even more than the jerking did .
in the bedroom she came upon something which interested her : a picture of a small boy with dark , enormous , luminous eyes and curly hair ; he looked , silvia thought , like a despairing creature from some other world , some divine and yet dreadful place beyond their own .
the reality which the schizophrenic fell away from -- or never incorporated in the first place -- was the reality of interpersonal living , of life in a given culture with given values ; it was not biological life , or any form of inherited life , but life which was learned .
it was no escape ; it was a narrowing , a contracting of life into , at last , a moldering , dank tomb , a place where nothing came or went ; a place of total death .
he bent doreen backwards , but all the time thinking , there has to be a place for me .
and this had taken place after a period in which he had lived through , several times , on some unconscious level , that very section which was now missing .
he had sat , he realized , in arnie kott 's living room again and again , experiencing that evening before it arrived ; and then , when at last it had taken place in actuality , he had bypassed it .
that evening at arnie 's had taken place , and had existed for him ... but out of sequence .
before death and destruction made it necessary to steal children - along with their memories - and send them to a place as terrifying as the maze .
it was a crushing thought that reminded her vividly of why she 'd built the wall in the first place .
it was high - pitched and lilting , would almost have been pretty if it did n't seem so completely out of place .
mark looked back at the woman , who was obviously experiencing head pain , and things began to click into place .
just witnessing it all from a place he does n't quite understand .
the bodies were gone , with no sign that they 'd ever been there in the first place .
jorge asked , a smile on his face that looked completely out of place in the shattered building .
chapter 3 a dark place 1 michael had barely closed his mouth when agent weber stood up so abruptly that her chair flipped backward .
` ` it 's the only way to get to the hallowed ravine , a place hidden deep within the sleep - just like kaine and the path itself .
the instruction took place in the west orchard .
but it had been an ominous harbinger ; he saw her aversion but the significance of it eluded him , and this inability to grasp the meaning of what was taking place in his married life made him deeply uneasy .
and , from another viewpoint , she simultaneously experienced the oppressive change as taking place within her own body .
and now , in this withdrawal period , she was suffering a deprivation of thalamic energy ; these changes , experienced as taking place in the outside world and in her body , were in actuality minute alterations of the metabolism of her brain .
' i think it 's my place to tell you that , ' eric said , ' not because i lack respect for reeg life or because i believe terrans ought to tell a reeg when to die and when not to but simply because i know the situation and you do not .
they deserve their opportunity , their minuscule place under the sun and sky .
able to take my place in the world beside it , do as it does , fight as it fights ; whenever it 's necessary and then some , for the pleasure of it .
predators and prey and ruin - it 's amazing how quickly nature consumes human places after we turn our backs on them .
she just did n't think it was her place to tell me that .
and since it was a man - made organism , evolution was not taking place on a biological timescale .
a lot of vision takes place in the eyeballs , long before the brain is involved .
i stretch the bounds of my proper place . ''
the whole while i sought out a quiet place in my mind , somewhere sheltered from pain and guilt , from fear and anger .
on the other hand , murphy had never been in the nevernever , and even though faerie was as normal a place as you can find there , it could get pretty weird .
i wonder what kind of future hon sees for his people , and yes , although we mock him quietly for his ego , he 's carved out a small place in the universe that 's unquestionably his own , not an easy undertaking .
i ' m afraid to speculate just how insemination takes place .
afraid there 's no place for you here , march .
if he was n't gazing at me with kai 's eyes , his sweet half smile as he sips his soup , i 'd be asking about the functioning physiology , how the transformation takes place .
he went to a place beyond loss , beyond madness .
many things take place that would not be acknowledged .
it is not the galactic government 's place to regulate a people 's way of life .
i ' ve never lied to him - and he claims that 's why he fell in love with me in the first place .
for once , things seem to be falling into place .
another soldier takes my place on the front line , his weapon sparking in the dark .
they have no place in what we 're doing , and we want to leave no doubt that we acted of our own free will .
instead of the door in the far horizon - that place of passing through - i focus on my body .
it was not the place i 'd wanted when i set out to start anew , but it was a place nonetheless .
maybe it 'll teach the slaves their place .
i 'd say that they were out to wax marcone and prove to the other members of the accords that vanilla mortals have no place among us weirdos - i mean , superhumans . ''
` ` it is not my place to know such things - or to ask . ''
` ` he 's right ; i have no place here .
her clothing was chic and out of place in casual los angelestight - fitting skirt , spike heels , chanel jacket .
the society at large had no place for you .
adolin knew that his brother - now nineteen years old - felt out of place .
he still did n't understand why rock could see syl in the first place .
if teft 's illusions made him feel better about his place in this mess of a war , then who was kaladin to dissuade him ?
he knew he 'd feel terribly out of place .
` ` may you someday find a place of honor in the tranquiline halls , fallen brother , '' kaladin said , his voice echoing .
and kaladin was in another place .
there was no place for him in the valley of truth .
that was not szeth 's place .
gaz doubted that any of the bridgemen really understood their place in sadeas 's plans .
` ` it is not my place to say . ''
` ` but the devotary of purity is n't the place for a scholar .
he 'd been thinking recently about the way the world worked , about what he was to do with his place in it .
shallan 's world of simple answers had been a foolish , childish place .
there is a place in the world .
all spoke of this place , urithiru .
he entered a place of dark shadows , with only the distant ribbon of sky above for light .
as long as he could believe that he could help someone , as long as he believed that some paths led to places other than darkness , he could hope .
` ` the classics do have their place , and i will send you to classical works on occasion , as i did with your study of morality .
she found herself in a place with a black sky and a strange , small white sun that hung on the horizon , too far away .
the figure turned and walked from him , joining the other radiants as they crossed the stone plain , walking toward places unknown .
not without sounding completely out of place .
can you return me to that place ?
he took a deep breath , opened his eyes , and found himself in a place of smoke .
it was very odd for one of the visions to set him in a place without others to talk to and interact with .
if it was to do no more than watch the zeros increase in your bank account , than clearly algul siento was no place for you ... which would be a terrible thing , because once you had signed on , there was no turning back ; it was all the corps .
did you not feel ka - shume when you and callahan went into the place of the vampires ? ''
ifone of you falls short , falls into the pit ofcoffah ( the place your neiv friends call hell ) ?
` ` it 's a place outside of time , outside of reality .
it 's a real place - real enough so i ' ve come back from it with candystains on my hands and clothes - but it 's a place only sheemie ruiz can access .
the tired voice began again , speaking from the gingerbread house dinky earnshaw had made for sheemie , a real place created from nothing more than imagination .
but roland had been living with the dissolving world long before ted brautigan had even dreamed of such a place as algul siento , and he was n't particularly upset by the way formerly hard - and - fast facts of life had begun to bend .
jake had come , possibly at the end of a short but undeniably interesting life , to a place where there were magic doors , mechanical butlers , telepathy ( of which he was capable , at least to some small degree , himself ) , vampires , and were - spiders .
there was no place in it for a lank , travel - scoured man with a big gun , nor a woman with graying hair ; certainly not for a dead boy with a bag of sharp - edged plates slung over his shoulder and a machine - pistol in the waistband of his pants .
seven the familiarity of the woman 's face clicked into place for him just as they reached the ele - vaydor .
old faces and old places marched in front of his heavy eyes : susan , riding hellbent across the drop with her blond hair flying out behind ; cuthbert running down the side of jericho hill in much the same fashion , screaming and laughing ; alain johns raising a glass in a toast ; eddie and jake wrestiing in the grass , yelling , while oy danced around them , barking .
the same disaster of spoilage , the same stench of rats and rotted food , the same fitful swirl of dust in the murky light pushing through the smudged windows , every out - of - place thing in its place , undisturbed .
` ` well , he 's earned his place in history , '' mclinn said , and laughed .
` ` but it seeme ... out of place with all this death . ''
or is it a place ?
* * * so many things fail to interest us , simply because they do n't find in us enough surfaces on which to live , and what we have to do then is to increase the number of planes in our mind , so that a much larger number of themes can find a place in it at the same time .
thus fifty dosadi humans took their faceless places behind the numbers in her computer .
at last count , some eighty - nine million people lived here and three times that number eked a short life on the rim - pressing , always pressing for a place in the poison - free city .
it was n't often that a warrior force lifted itself out of dosadi 's masses to seek its place in the power structure .
all the hours of map briefing snicked into place .
he remained seated there silently for several minutes , absorbing this place .
it had no dimension , no place , only existence .
he started to put out his right handdoh , it was so slow learning its new place in what was left of his lifeddropped it , and raised his left instead .
balazar had said nothingdit was not the place of a boy of fifteen to speak , even if only to agreedbut privately had thought the only rule to which there was no exception was that there were some rules for which that was not true .
such examination might lead her to a place like the one sailors had feared in the ancient days , a place which was no more or less than the edge of the world , a place the cartographers had marked with the legend here there be sarpents .
they had the world firmly in their grip , the future planned - a place for every man and every man in his place .
in the first place , a man who was the president of a bank , a devout christian , and a pillar of the respectable community would never think to associate himself with members of the lower orders .
quite the contrary : mr . trent devoted considerable time and energy to keeping these people in their proper place , and he did so with the firm and certain knowledge that he was helping to maintain good social order .
guesswork has no place in our thinking .
the doomfire faces of superstition had lost their accustomed places .
it was as though they had exchanged places with the two natives they 'd just watched .
once he overcame the mental block that occluded thinking about such matters , the whole structure fell into place .
fraffin felt then that his own mind was the sole repository for his creatures , his person the only preservation they had -- a place of yearnings , full of voices and faces and entire races whose passage had left no mark except distantly outraged whispering ... and tears .
they 'd proceeded recklessly , beginning the first settlement before we had adequate numbers in place for a full - scale assimilation .
it was not a soul 's place to judge another soul .
by the time i was through the front door , locking behind me the bolts that i had never before turned - human artifacts that had no place in a peaceful world - her thoughts were contemplative .
i stared at the empty place ahead and felt the empty place inside .
perhaps this love would live on with her , in some fairytale place with pearly gates .
they laughed quietly together ; there was a sense of camaraderie in their amusement that seemed wildly out of place while jared held a gun loosely pointed in ian 's direction .
if he knew he was capable of guilt , why did he go around strangling people in the first place ?
` ` this is his place , not mine . ''
and yet , there 's really no place for me here .
` ` the place of the test possesses a difference so profound it may test you beyond your capacities , raj . ''
the shipside mind had become a place to live very quickly for those who had little space , few private possessions to call their own , for people torn between worship and dismay .
` ` all time is one place , ekel . ''
keeping me waiting to teach me my place .
i like seeing things fall into place .
at one time , she had been interested in shipman 's place in the ship scheme of things .
and it occurred to her that pandora was a place where people were made into primitives .
he had wanted only the earth - that one place forbidden to him in all of the universe .
well , she had awakened in a strange place to find her sighted person gone .
and now the other things he needed to do began to click into place .
and did n't darren 's eyes have something , perhaps even a great deal , to do with why she had made this trip in the first place ?
i smiled , having a rare moment of absolute comfort in my own skin , every compulsion satisfied , the clockwork of the whole world clicking into place around my drumming .
gallow studied bushka a moment , then : ` ` what would be your response , bushka , if i were to offer you a place in merman society ? ''
` ` there 's no place in this plan for islanders , '' twisp noted .
` ` this place you 're guiding us to , '' twisp asked , ` ` what is it ?
words could not reach into this place where his consciousness lay .
* * * ... it comes to pass that the same evils and inconveniences take place in all ages of history .
the guard took it to a computer terminal that looked strange and out of place in the rural stillness .
because raising children is , in a sense , the reason the society exists in the first place .
he is entirely aware and alert ; in this deep - inside place he 's no more autistic than steve ames or belinda josephson or johnny marinville ... is , in fact , something of a genius .
i went without tom , and will freely grant that probably made me more susceptible , but even so , i knew then and know now that i had come to a very extraordinary place .
he almost cried aloud before stacey made the real world fall into place by hissing : ` ` if he broke my fuckin light i ' m gon na - '' the boy was violently shushed .
this blue time did n't feel like a place she was meant to be .
a place of stones ; a place of sacrifice ; a place where an oracle lived ... and spoke when it was forced to ... and killed whenever it could .
a place of stones ; a place of sacrifice ; a place where an oracle lived ... and spoke when it was forced to ... and killed whenever it could .
a place of stones ; a place of sacrifice ; a place where an oracle lived ... and spoke when it was forced to ... and killed whenever it could .
to protect its place .
the idea of approaching that terrible place filled him with dismay ; the idea of actually going inside filled him with inarticulate horror .
and there it was , the place he 'd gone wrong , so clearly visible he could n't understand how he 'd missed it in the first place .
our folk left their bounty o ' hides without the shattered barbican gate - for none would venture inside that place of ghosts and moaning voices - and began the homeward way again .
nor did roland doubt that the vacant lot with its broken bricks and shattered glass was another version of what susannah knew as the drawers and the place he had seen at the end of his vision in the place of bones .
nor did roland doubt that the vacant lot with its broken bricks and shattered glass was another version of what susannah knew as the drawers and the place he had seen at the end of his vision in the place of bones .
i want to know how you found out about the dark tower and why you started chasing after it in the first place .
lud had n't earned itself a place in his mental scrapbook of fond memories .
in a way , it was the place detta had always sought , the physical counterpart of her mad mind and laughing , desolate heart .
and the lobby of the parker meridien was a nice cheerful place , full of light , movement , people .
it was not his place to challenge her , yet something quickened in him to hear this tragedy acknowledged .
there could not have been such an unearthly place .
it 's no place for a child now . '
is there any place in the family history for such a thing ?
but let me break off my account of this miserable night , and tell you now the whole tale before i proceed to relate what little did here take place .
' you are a fool , petyr , but you brought me out of darkness and misery into this wondrous place . '
for me , the places of the dead have always held terror ; and now to know what the spirit meant to do , and that i must cross the bridge and pass through the graveyard held me petrified and dripping with sweat .
even one hundred years later it was still regarded as a ' haunted place . '
several of our contacts in louisiana were already established on account of two dramatic hauntings that had taken place in that city ; and at least two of our members had visited the city , one to investigate a haunting and the other on his way to other places in the south .
sometimes i felt i had no place in the house .
each sound , scent , and shift of color aroused in him a deluge of sweet memories , some without place or mark of any kind .
and in a way he had always lived in it , it was the place he had longed for when he went away , the place he had dreamed of ... you can not imagine the strength of the assault ...
and in a way he had always lived in it , it was the place he had longed for when he went away , the place he had dreamed of ... you can not imagine the strength of the assault ...
and once again the whole lurid tragic history comforted her , because she with all her own dark secrets had a place in it .
in a strange moment of circular time , he saw himself at ocean beach on the other side of the continent , his fingers frozen , the bitter pacific wind lashing his face , thinking of this very place , this seemingly mythical and impossible place , beneath the southern stars .
he had fallen into a familiar place .
when can i find for them that place again ?
so there 's no place for you ; that 's a matter of simple logic .
` ` it means , '' gordon said , ` ` that we travel to another place in the multiverse . ''
chris was drifting gently , imperceptibly , to sleep , with the sensation that he was still walking down a flight of stairs , deeper and deeper into a cavernous , echoing , comforting place .
because he was sure that something here was out of place .
` ` listen , this little gadget turns places into numbers , coordinates .
they use their human allies to preserve their own places . ''
instead there 'd been a sudden burst of noise and mind - wrenching pain that had left her here , swimming in this dark place .
they would sift madeleine 's secret place from her mind eventually but not tonight , not with this concussion raging in her head .
you have no place in it . ''
says i have no place in his bastion of order . ''
a given tribe 's shaman or wise one or spirit caller or whatever would set out into the wild near home and seek out a place of presence and power , such as this one .
night is when unseen beings with no regard for what our people have built and no place in what we have deemed the natural order look in at our world from outside , and think dark and alien thoughts .
this creature had no place here .
he rose to his feet again , and said , calmly , ` ` mother says you have no place here . ''
the tv set mounted in the far wall blared out a detergent commercial ; on the great color 3 - d screen a housewife critically examined a synthetic otter - pelt towel and in a penetrating , shrill voice declared it unfit to occupy a place in her bathroom .
what i ' m feeling is itching , and the reason i did n't recognize it right away is because c ` ` because i ' ve never had an itch before , '' i said , and then the rest of it clicked into place .
and the line he remembered most clearly was the one about how in a small town ' we all must know our place . '
in the chester 's mill scheme of things , he had no place .
the jukebox had been playing - not the mcmurtry song , but that was what he heard in his head : we all must know our place .
why had she ever let him go in the first place ?
we know all about you , and you have no place here . '
11 this is the place that is no place : it 's cold on the bandstand , and she 's so scared .
it was a place to imprison an awakener , for no color meant no awakening .
the furniture and doorways , however , were built to fit lightsong 's increased size , so it was the servants and priests who seemed out of place .
in the distance , she could see the plateau that held the court of gods , the most profane place beneath austre 's colorful eyes .
` ` you are observing a period of isolation in which you can dedicate yourself to contemplating your new place in life .
it 's not my place to tell you what to do with them .
but if you can control how people regard you , then you can find a place in this mess .
thame smiled , taking more juice as well , though he looked out of place in the fine restaurant .
refused to accept my place in this pantheon and this court .
things were suddenly falling into place .
by the time i had been in my room at the olympus for a couple of hours i wondered why i had ever felt agitated enough to make the trip in the first place .
you 'll find that it all takes place in an atmosphere of friendliness and informality .
` ` unbounded place of connectives , '' the caleban said .
this world was a place whose key lay in only one mind , that of madame mliss abnethe .
he felt he existed in a contracting cave , a place without wind or stars .
and he found himself for a transitory moment sharing with the shadows of the nearby palenki and other more distant islands of movement a place of existence which the mystics of his own species had never contemplated .
it was , however , a place which an ancient hindu or a buddhist might have recognized - a place of maya , illusion , a formless void possessed of no qualities .
it was , however , a place which an ancient hindu or a buddhist might have recognized - a place of maya , illusion , a formless void possessed of no qualities .
worse , far worse , he understands the how of riddling ... the place the mind has to go to in order to make them and solve them . ''
no place for it .
but ... i 'd like to make them clear on their place in the great scheme o ' things . ''
contrary to what the high sheriff had told them the day before , several of the men were wearing sashes of various colors , but roland did n't feel too out of place in his white silk shirt , black string tie , and one pair of stovepipe dress trousers .
someone was here , all right , invading her secret place at the worst possible time .
he hated that wide - open staring eye , could n't imagine what had possessed farson to pick it in the first place .
thoughts , questions , possible plans of action ... none of those had a place in her head as she rode .
i am coming to understand that roland 's world ( or worlds ) actually contains all the others of my making ; there is a place in mid - world for randall flagg , ralph roberts , the wandering boys from the eyes of the dragon , even father callahan , the damned priest from ' salem 's lot , who rode out of new england on a greyhound bus and wound up dwelling on the border of a terrible mid - world land called thunderclap .
the timing of her visits , her relaxed style ... all the clues clicked into place .
johnny gasped as lightning arced through the center of his chest and dragged him back from the comfort of blackness into a place of pain and fire .
the young marine guarding the brig had been trembling since the call to go to quarters had sounded above ; a mingling , laurence thought , of anxiety and the desire to be doing something , and the frustration at being kept at so useless and miserable a post : a sentiment he shared from his still more useless place within the cell .
` ` it is not your place even to propose such a thing , anymore , '' laurence said .
laurence was silenced further by a difficult , inchoate sensation , which had no place in the present circumstances and yet insisted on making itself felt .
everything that had ever meant something to someone lost on a mission had a place on the wall .
i watched him orbit slowly around my head like a planet that 's just been kicked out of the solar system , thinking about how jerzy already had a place on the wall , and i did n't know what to contribute .
murder most foul was to pollute my consolation , my diversion , my gently guided delirium , my safe place .
it seemed a meaningless place to me suddenly , a place that i could surely and gloriously leave behind .
but i had to admit , i 'd brought these beloved innocents to a place of remarkable significance .
` ` my father says it was moving glasses about the whole time that made him dead in the first place .
america was , to them , the place that good people went to when they died .
the labyrinth itself was a place of pure madness .
it was as if the lid had been pulled off something dark and writhing : a place of derangement and fury and utter viciousness ; and , in a time of scary things , it was the most frightening thing richard had seen .
` ` sometimes i think that truth is a place .
he felt adrift , robbed of place and time .
in modern warfare , dragons fought in formation ; and yet temeraire did not seem to have a place in one .
but such sentiments had even less place , in a question of duty , than the political considerations which hammond had put forward .
anyway he did not see why the russian dragons had let things get into such a fix , in the first place : even if the heavy - weights did behave so badly , surely the little dragons could sneak out , one after another - or they might mass themselves into groups , and all but a few dash past - there were any number of ways temeraire might imagine , for them to slip out of the breeding grounds , and once out , they might go anywhere they liked .
while he was not yet convinced that the world was a fine and joyous place , he was no longer in the ninth circle of hangover hell , and this was a good thing .
when you go to the place where the old gods are , you see your father in that place ? ''
this was not the bird woman 's copper - colored universe , nor her cave , but neither was it the place he had previously tended to think of as the real world .
and by the way , guns have their place ; the world is n't as civilized as it looks . ''
his long black trench coat looked so out of place here in jakarta , where heat and humidity forced even bankers into less formal attire .
the wood and iron spear looked so out of place here - in a room of strange metal and glass and technology david could n't begin to imagine .
the door in gibraltar - it was a portal to another place .
a person 's place in society determined by how much the world is willing to pay for whatever they can produce each day .
take his place in the tribe . ''
` ` the balance can only be achieved by returning ohna to her proper place . ''
return her to her rightful place ! ''
nob'cobi would lose serious il'jann points if he should be denied a place in the party .
he wanted to be out there with bratt , but he knew his place was here .
it took maggie a heartbeat to recognize the armament , so out of place in an ancient incan ruin .
caverns were considered to be pacariscas , mystical places joining the three worlds of their religion .
` ` the incas considered the navel to be a place of power .
everything was falling into perfect place .
private wars and vendettas have no place here . ''
karen nodded , feeling out of place , eyes staring at her .
each person seemed to know his place and role .
` ` but the bigger question is why i dreamed up the answer in the first place .
bobcats and bears hunted the louisiana wetlands , but whatever had made that cry was far larger and had no place among its swamps and bayous .
while it had only been a day since they first met at the trawler , she had found a place in his heart .
they lick muzzles , and kane permits him to stand , to take his place in the pack .
with her father already gone , safia was placed in an orphanage , a horrible place for a child of mixed blood .
she had let her fears control her and had lost her place in the hunt .
after all she had been through ... safia lifted her head and fully met the woman 's eyes for the first time , a place she had feared staring into until now .
despite the treachery , her nonna still had a place in her heart .
it was not his place to question .
under the bell , the pure quantum potential in the boy was measured , swayed by hugo 's focus and will , and as a result , all the variables settled into perfect place .
his parents had no place being here .
the same could be said about the city 's place in the gulf of time .
rumor and tortured testimony had led to this remote place .
it was not his place to judge .
hopelessness shone in his tiny face , a despair that had no place in any child 's eyes .
and gray began to suspect why nicolas had been put in such a place of power .
sasha and pyotr had always held a special place in her heart .
painter turned back to adam proust , whose insight had offered a place to start .
it was left behind as a symbol , a bread crumb to lead to the key 's new resting place .
painter nodded , already putting that piece of the puzzle into place .
here was further confirmation of all he believed , about his people , about their place in history and in god 's plan .
it speaks to man 's knowledge of his place in the universe .
` ` maybe it 's not my place ... but how 's lisa doing ? ''
he was relaxed , content for the first time in months , more at peace - and things fell perfectly into place in his head , fully formed as if they 'd always been there .
until she found her place in this new world , this was the best he could hope for .
he looked through the space , searching for something out of place .
even the julie of his imagination was gone , as if the ghost had no place now that he knew the real woman was still alive .
i further order that the captain of souther 's flagship place the admiral under arrest for treason and- '' ` ` oh , do shut up , '' souther replied over the same channel .
to have a place in the great scheme , that was the beauty of it .
he 'd lose his place in salton .
she was una meing for a moment , and he was caz pratihari , and the world was a heady , powerful , romantic place .
humanity , god , our place in his universe .
chapter seven : melba i f the earth - mars alliance had n't collapsed , if there had n't been a war - or two wars depending on how the line between battles was marked - civilian ships like the cerisier would have had no place in the great convoy .
or he 'd drift into some half - lucid place that was n't either .
worrying about the opa 's place in the political calculus of the system was like trying to remember whether he 'd paid back a guy who bought him a beer when he was twenty .
there was a place for detailed bible scholarship .
certainty does n't have a place in violence . ''
like she 'd already lost her place in the world .
lisa wanted to go with him , to keep close to painter 's side , but she met the husky 's pained gaze and knew her place was here .
he 's at that age , full of curiosity , his hormones beginning to surge , struggling to find his place in that world between a boy and a man . ''
he believed in order , structure , everything in its place .
` ` i do n't mean to second - guess why anybody gave it to him in the first place , '' timmy said , ` ` but that guy never met a dollar he did n't snort , shoot , or drink away . ''
your place , your rules , right ? ''
` ` -get rid of this guy , we 'll make sure maas knows his place in the pecking order . ''
` ` the universe is a complicated place , '' han said .
mars and the belt were studded with colonies that had been built and designed to carve a human place in inhuman and lifeless circumstances .
her mind and attention had taken her outside the world of minutes and hours to a place defined by test runs , transmission lag , and slowed only by her failing sight .
it knows that people are dying in some more physical place , but it is not aware that it knows .
i have no illusions about what it will take to carve out a place in this new frontier .
outside those facts , the world and his place in it was n't so much hidden as printed in a foreign nomenclature beyond his comprehension .
look , it 's not my place to talk about this . ''
strange to think that an object of such violence had assumed a place as comforting in his mind as the memory of his mother 's voice .
is this , after everything , the place where i die ?
he created a place called hell for lucifer and all his fallen angels . ''
` ` and if you 're wondering where to go to find this place of everlasting torment that i ' m about to create for you , i would say look no further . ''
the place prepared for my kind ... when we exit this life ... is not pleasant .
` ` not our place to do the math , '' advised the armored man .
if i manage to find a comfortable place for haden on the outside , i could always come back for him . ''
` ` wise lord , '' a raspy voice began , speaking alone , ` ` we have lost all sense of time and place .
almost nobody knows , but part of the reason the navajo people ended up with the largest reservation in the country was to conceal this hallowed place . ''
` ` if they did n't tell you , i ' m not sure it 's my place . ''
` ` after you died , i do n't think she ever really found her place , '' kendra said .
we must defeat , the guardian to escape this place , and neither of us will succeed alone .
her experience in that place of glass beads and a dark sky ?
that place you saw , shadesmar , is what we call the cognitive realm - the place of the mind .
that place you saw , shadesmar , is what we call the cognitive realm - the place of the mind .
this vision was taking place before the recreance .
i want them to think about the war , their place here , and i want to remind them of gavilar 's assassination .
it felt good to do that , to stand at attention , to find a place .
remember your place . ''
kaladin nodded , the irregularities clicking into place .
zahel looked distinctly out of place among the other ardents with their bald heads , neatly trimmed beards , and cleaner clothing .
the books say that the spiritual realm is a place of pure truth , while the cognitive is more fluid .
i will be certain to do this , bright one , in order to remain faithful and remember the proper place of all ardents . ''
still , he seemed to be making an effort to leave himself out of these political discussions , and that seemed like the place where shallan wanted to be .
everyone has a place .
what is that place ?
but if you can find way to make him a place of men and of spirits , we will protect you . '
and so , gods of mountains withdrew their peaks into themselves , and made open place for waters of life .
` ` place of the gods ? ''
the waters of life , they let you see place .
` ` it 's not my place to pass judgment on a king . ''
one and a half years ago what is a woman 's place in this modern world ?
they ignore the greater assumption - that a ` ` place '' for women must be defined and set forth to begin with .
kaladin did n't come to any realizations about the king , or his place in the man 's potential assassination .
szeth blinked , and he focused on taravangian , as if returning from a distant place .
you seem to think that your newfound place among the radiants makes you unfit for our numbers , but i see it differently , as does my babsk .
` ` ironically , i think that might be why i liked cinder so much in the first place . ''
it is not my place to question this .
but other phenomena could also result in ` ` premature dissolution of expeditions , '' as our superiors put it , so we needed to test our stamina for that place .
we were confident that eventually we would photograph it , document its behavior , tag it , and assign it a place in the taxonomy of living things .
something clicked into place , and i could see it all in my head .
perhaps it was just the unease from seeing the strangeness of the psychologist 's wound or perhaps i still felt as if a presence inhabited that place , but regardless i set out soon after gathering up my knapsack full of supplies and my husband 's journal .
transformations were taking place here , and as much as i had felt part of a ` ` natural '' landscape on my trek to the lighthouse , i could not deny that these habitats were transitional in a deeply unnatural way .
there was something about my mood and its dark glow that eclipsed sense , that made me see this creature , which had indeed been assigned a place in the taxonomy - catalogued , studied , and described - irreducible down to any of that .
vaguely , from some far - off place , i realized that the words on the wall were being infused with sound as well , but that i had not had the capacity to hear it before .
will i be aware that anything is wrong or out of place ? )
said , as if from a faraway place , ` ` no , i wo n't .
except there 's no place for me in their new world , either . ''
at the time , i believed his shyness had led him to squander perhaps his only opportunity to take up a permanent place in the public imagination .
it was a strange , dark place , and i was afraid , but i was not alone .
you looked , in short , as if we had traded places , sunshine for the subterranean .
if the world is a just place , that mark will never leave her skin , but remain as a pulsing reminder that , at some point in the past , she hurt someone so badly that she hurt herself as well .
this drama took place in a leafy alcove while storks flew against the rapidly darkening sky and moth wings muttered on mottled tree trunks , the world in constant rebellious motion against the stark silence within the coffin .
there is no time in such a place , only thoughts and flesh transposed .
i had time to think about duncan and mary , and to ask myself if i had been too harsh , if it had ever been my place to disapprove .
there will be no place for his outlandish theories in the piece , unless they add an element of entertainment .
bonmot and sybel had both died , of course , and sirin - through his writing - had ascended to a place where he was , in a way , untouchable .
he was a very ordinary - looking old fellow with white hair and beard , but his deep blue eyes seemed strangely out of place in his wrinkled face .
suddenly , all the things i had ignored or shrugged off or been too incurious even to worry about fell into place .
' it is my place as leader to speak for my people when we encounter other races , ' he explained .
' i felt it was not my place to say him yea or nay . '
all sorts of things clicked into place .
it is not thy place to approve or to disapprove of me .
in the first place , the island has only one beach , a narrow strip of gravel about a mile long at the head of a deeply indented bay on the east side of the isle .
i suppose that birth is a logical place to begin the study of medicine .
there is no place in that deployment for thee .
last night , though , the meaning of it just fell into place in our minds .
seagulls have a grossly exaggerated notion of their own place in the overall scheme of things .
and that established my place in our peculiar little family .
' i do n't think the meeting should take place here in vo mimbre , ' i said .
the final jousting match took place on a breezy summer morning when white puffy clouds were skipping like lambs across their blue pasture .
my place is at thy side . '
freedom 's all very well , i suppose , but it has no place in the make - up of an incipient king .
literature has its place , i suppose , but the ballads composed by third - rate poets extolling the exploits of this or that outlaw out to rob rich mimbrates and to distribute the booty to the poor asturian peasants set the imaginations of generations of brainless asturian nobles afire , and they postured and posed in their green clothing and spent hours practicing with their bows , riddling whole battalions of straw dummies dressed in rusty mimbrate armor with yard - long arrows .
i got the distinct impression that he 'd said something to father about her that 'd earned him a special place in her heart .
the wedding of korodullin and mayaserana , therefore , was not surrounded by all the pomp and ceremony - and parties - which would have taken place in peacetime .
a lot of things fell into place when father identified the bearded priest as chamdar .
the ' fishing club ' was comprised for the most part of local businessmen , and when gelane modestly admitted that he 'd just set up his barrel - works , he was immediately accepted as a kindred spirit - which is to say that everybody realized that barrels took second place in his view of the world .
' to my way of looking at it , the proper place for an ox is on the supper - table . '
then , when darral chanced to mention the fact that i was a physician , our place in the community was secure .
' i 'd say that your place in history 's secure .
' we have come unto the place where sephrenia lies stricken . '
' it 's not my place to either approve or disapprove of my owner . '
' it all fell into place when i heard that old man call their little pond ` ` the well of vigay '' , ' talen explained .
it all fell into place in vanion 's mind .
the boy 's tunic was ripped in several places , and a long , bleeding scrape on one arm spoke of his struggle to get through the narrow window .
it has caused me much hurt , and i would cause hurt to it in return , but if ulath - from - thalesia has said that it is the place of khwaj to cause hurt to it , then so be it . '
' sephrenia says that the curse that confined them was lifted when cyrgon died , and even though it 's not actually their fault , there really is n't any place for them in the modern world . '
not even zalasta , whose wisdom is legendary , can tell us precisely what took place in the city of zemoch during sir sparhawk 's fateful confrontation with otha and with the zemoch god , azash .
he was tired , but his need to evaluate , to assess , to understand , was far too great to permit him to seek his bed and let his mind sink into the soft well of sleep until everything had been put into its proper place .
why is it so important to her in the first place ? '
' good god , ehlana , it 's my government , and the power was mine in the first place . '
' this fallacious document stragen found might give us a place to start , ' caalador mused .
if we can convince ourselves that the people we betrayed or enslaved were sub - human monsters in the first place , then our guilt is n't nearly as black as we secretly know that it is .
he felt bulky and out of place , and his companions , wrapped in steel and leather and rough , gray cloth , seemed to loom around him like the crude monoliths of an ancient and primitive culture .
he smiled , a strangely ancient smile which looked very much out of place on that little boy 's face .
sparhawk dimly perceived that bhelliom took them through some different place , a colorless emptiness that adjoined all other places - a kind of doorway to everywhere .
' what kind of reason did he give you for making the offer in the first place ? '
' did you not command your children to leave their home - range and to walk for many sleeps across the ice - which - never - melts to this alien place ? '
what i am to do here will take place some six of thy miles beneath our feet , and its effects here at the surface are difficult to predict .
khalad 's class prejudices were still quite firmly in place .
' this bravado is quite out of place in a mere woman , ' he said to ehlana coldly in a voice loaded with contempt .
' you 'll go where i tell you to go , ' he said , ' and i 'll teach you your place as we go along . '
our elene religion ca n't cope with it because there 's no place in our faith for it .
not only that , the presence of adults allows her to take her natural place in her own society .
the negotiations were of a delicate nature and would normally have taken place in private .
the actual meetings took place in a large , semicircular hall with tier upon tier of marble benches stair - stepping up the sides .
' it 's my place to respond , mirtai , ' he reminded her .
' things are falling into place , ' vanion approved .
and we sent the similitude of she who must make the choice to the veiled and hooded presence of dark and to belgarion the godslayer , and she set them upon the path which would lead them at last to the place of our choosing .
' we will go to the place of the seers , toth .
' you have found this place ; you have subdued the elements to reach it ; and polgara hath spoken correctly the words which gained you entry . '
i prevailed upon the king 's gullibility and was able to lead him into various acts which delayed the child of light and his companions so that my mistress might arrive at the place which is no more before him and thereby avoid the necessity of leaving the issue in the hands of a certain seeress whom my mistress distrusts . '
although any one of them could have translocated toth 's body into the grotto , the four sorcerers chose instead to carry it to its final resting place in a ceremony as old as mankind .
solid practicality has a place in the world , too , and sometimes my speculations get a little airy . ''
seek ye , therefore , the son of the child of light , for he shall be our champion in the place which is no more .
' and the child of dark who shall bear the champion to the place of choosing shall be possessed utterly by the dark spirit , and her flesh shall be but a husk , and all the starry universe shall be contained therein . '
' behold , the place of the final meeting shall be revealed at kell , for it lies hidden within the pages of the accursed book of the seers . '
they 're great believers in uniformity , and windows have no place in military fortifications .
he suggested that the demon lord nudge urvon over the edge into madness and then aid him in defeating all the others who were seeking the hiding place of cthrag sardius .
` ` a great many things are starting to fall into place . ''
` ` there 's no place in the world for that particular tree . ''
` ` where is this other place ? ''
garion did not want to like this man , and this unwanted sympathy seemed wildly out of place .
it does n't include the oracles of the mallorean grolims , of course , or the collection that ctuchik had at rak cthol or the secret books of those people at kell , but it 's a place to start .
he definitely felt that this levity was out of place , an indication that she was not taking this thing as seriously as she ought .
and he shall find the path to the place where the evil dwells in the mysteries .
` ` it might not be my place to say this , but some of the rumors in the city say that the chereks were officials of some kind from val alorn and that they were sent by king anheg . ''
chapter eighteen the funeral of brand , the rivan warder , took place the following day in the hall of the rivan king .
` ` the path to that dread place lies in the mysteries , ancient one .
the preceptors are here , of course , taking their rightful places among us , but each of them has but a token force here , certainly not enough to fight off the armies of darkness encircling us .
no matter how tight any drain may seem , there is always seepage , and water , like smoke , will always find the place it is seeking .
it 's not my place to tell my lord that he 's a suicidal madman . '
despair not that bhelliom is not in the place where i lay , for i can direct thee to the place where it lies hidden .
thou art an abomination in the sight of all the gods , and that is why they cast thee out , emasculated thee and confined thee in thy place of eternal torment and regret . ''
the steep walls were covered with tall fir trees so dark as to look nearly black , and the sides of the valley were so high that the sun seldom shone into this murky place .
but there came a time when the elenes rode out of the east and intruded themselves into this place .
even as he awaited the ritual challenge , the sun - baked city of jiroch and the women going to the wells in the steel - grey light of morning faded back in his memory , becoming more remote and taking their proper place among all his other memories .
our master has been ever fond of watching the ebb and flow of humanity ' she lowered her eyelashes modestly ' have you such a place abovestairs ? '
` ` how do we get to this imitation place ? ''
at least the peasants of veltan 's domain seemed to know their place .
the figure of a woman came walking out of the sunrise into the place that existed only in the combined imaginations of balacenia and vash .
and mother sea brought forth life in many forms , and some of the creatures of mother sea came up on the dry face of father earth in search of a dwelling place .
` ` we have traveled for two waxings and wanings of the moon - spirit to reach this place . ''
there had been hints along the way - vague , half spoken , sometimes only implied - that the return of the orb to its proper place was only a beginning of something much larger and much more serious .
we had no place and no god , but wandered outcast in the world until ul consented to become our god .
` ` it 's not man 's place to accuse the gods , '' relg told her sternly .
` ` could n't a human child join that group and not feel the slightest bit out of place ? ''
it is not thy place to approve or disapprove of me .
it 's quite possible that insulting you at that particular moment was the only reason he was born in the first place .
i will search for the god named ul so that we may worship him and have a place in this world . ''
and polgara withdrew mayaserana to a separate place and was long in converse with her .
several things clicked into place in garion 's mind simultaneously as wolf turned on him coldly .
` ` is it like that white place in your hair ? ''
` ` your kitchen is a place of magic . ''
` ` they have no special place , '' barak replied grimly .
he 'd been shuttled back in time to a strange place with no way of returning home ?
` ` there 'd surely be a place for one like you in sekhmet 's court , once she 's resurrected . ''
there 's this thing called string theory , which says that space and place are always constant , always the same .
nothing seemed to be out of place from earlier this morning .
one of these days i was not going to feel awkward and out of place in this tribe .
we just need to find out what our places are in the tribe .
i tried not to be frustrated with my place on the totem pole , which was much lower than i cared for .
i just needed to get my head in the right place , you know ?
at the time peter said that , i 'd looked down at the fuzzy pink thing that was now defining my place in this world , and laughed .
there 's a place for you here if you agree to share with us , protect us , and not give us away to any canners ...
in that moment , as i contemplated my own place in the cycle of life , i could see what might drive a canner to do the crazy things they were doing .
he shook his head back and forth as if doing so would put all the pieces into place .
it all seemed so out of place that he almost forgot to run .
luckily , the satchel containing the infinity ring was brown and rustic and did n't seem out of place .
he imagined his parents and helga as fake , or gone , or dead , maybe never there in the first place .
several things fell into place when he found a note from jackson 's dad , sent just that morning : jax , hope all is well , buddy .
this was a place of deep silence and brooding shadows , and the gods who lived here had no names .
there will be no place for him at court .
your father will always have a place in my heart , but these are my brothers now . ''
you have no place here . ''
dany had no place in these parts of his life .
there is no place for him in a khalasar .
the black crows got no place for women . ''
your place is here . ''
there was no place for him in winterfell , no place in king 's landing either .
even his own mother had not had a place for him .
she had said as much to septa mordane as they descended the stairs from the gallery , but the septa had only told her it was not her place to question her lord father 's decisions .
` ` khal drogo says your place is there . ''
` ` that is no place for a king , '' her brother declared .
` ` your place is here , ser barristan , '' ned told him .
` ` if my son 's men will not obey his commands , perhaps the vanguard is not the place for him .
i have no place , jon wanted to say , i ' m a bastard , i have no rights , no name , no mother , and now not even a father .
to each of you i say , give me your hands and your hearts , and there will always be a place for you . ''
the bodies are burned beneath the open sky , and the khal rises on his fiery steed to take his place among the stars .
he had given him a place of honor at his table , a war galley to sail in place of a smuggler 's skiff .
` ` you have given me an honored place at your table .
an orderly mind , tyrion reflected , and indeed , once you puzzled out the arrangement , it was easy to see that every potion had its place .
` ` i will speak to helya when we reach pyke , and see that you have an honored place at the feast , '' he said .
i have no place here , he thought , and asha is the reason , may the others take her !
asha was ensconced at his right hand , in the place of honor .
your place is at winterfell . ''
his great shadow had lain across her since the hour of her birth , when she came forth amidst blood and storm into a world where she no longer had a place .
this was their place , once .
the fist of the first men was an old place , only ...
stannis himself looked out of place in this rich and royal company .
` ` it is not my place . ''
others whisper that she has no place in my war councils , that i ought to send her back to asshai , that it is sinful to keep her in my tent of a night .
i have tried to be a father to my sons , to help make them a place in this world .
i never felt so out of place as i did when i walked there , so much an unwelcome intruder .
` ` i bear you no ill will , '' he 'd told the septon before they threw him down the well , ` ` but you and your gods have no place here now . ''
your crimes will have earned you a place of torment in the deepest of the seven hells , if the gods are just . ''
this is their place , not mine .
` ` it is not my place to question the words of prince viserys . ''
your place is with the ravens . ''
if she brought him lands and a keep , it would give him a place in the world apart from joffrey 's court ... and away from cersei and their father .
the seven had no place on dragonstone now .
he had never truly been a stark , only lord eddard 's motherless bastard , with no more place at winterfell than theon greyjoy .
it 's not my place to question princes . ''
this place belongs to the old gods still ... they linger here as i do , shrunken and feeble but not yet dead .
` ` perhaps it 's not my place ... ` ` ` ` tell me . ''
this is your place , brother .
she had won no friends by freeing the kingslayer , and more than once she had heard the greatjon say that women had no place on a battlefield .
she had lost her home , her place in the world , and everyone she had ever loved or trusted .
` ` my place is here on dragonstone .
there is no place for you here .
but when the work was done and the tall wooden palisade was finished , the village elder made it plain that there was no place for them .
i told renly that a woman had no place in the rainbow guard .
` ` if the boy shows any skill with sword or lance , he should have a place with your father 's household guard at the least , '' jon said .
but there 's a wall between us , and i know that no place has been set for me . ''
the living have no place at the feasts of the dead .
` ` bugger you all '' was not like to earn him much of a place in the histories .
it seemed strangely out of place in this place of cold stone and echoing darkness .
i have no place here , sam thought anxiously , when her red eyes fell upon him .
your place is there . ''
` ` i did , my lord , i suredly did , and yet ... my lord may question who he pleases , ' t is true , it is not my place to say that he may not .
it ... it is not my place to question the kingsguard . ''
i have no place but here , sansa thought miserably , and no true friend but petyr .
egg wanted me to help him rule , but i knew my place was here .
in his white cloak and white scale armor , jaime felt out of place amongst that river of red .
there is no place for them here .
there is no place for her .
` ` you believe this is the only place for you . ''
there is no place here for arya of house stark , she was thinking .
arya 's place was winterfell , only winterfell was gone .
` ` your place is wherever he sends you . ''
perhaps two thousand years ago the hermit 's hole had been a damp , dark place , floored with dirt and echoing to the sounds of dripping water , but no longer .
` ` the world the citadel is building has no place in it for sorcery or prophecy or glass candles , much less for dragons .
castle black seemed a bleak and forlorn place in the pale dawn light .
at ground level the great pyramid of meereen was a hushed place , full of dust and shadows .
my place is here with you and your brave brothers . ''
frog 's experience was limited to practice yard and tourney ground , so he did not think it was his place to dispute the verdict of such a seasoned warrior .
it was my place to know . ''
it was not his place to advise the king , but ...
it felt like some strange underworld , some timeless place between the worlds , where the damned wandered mournfully for a time before finding their way down to whatever hell their sins had earned them .
his pride had perished here in winterfell ; there was no place for such in the dungeons of the dreadfort .
out of gratitude we give them a place beneath our roof and make them privy to all our shames and secrets , a part of every council .
doran martell was the wisest of princes , and it was not the place of his captain of guards to question his decisions , but areo hotah did wonder why he had chosen to release the ladies obara , nymeria , and tyene from their lonely cells in the spear tower .
the boy 's death would mean an empty place on the kingsguard , and that might be her salvation .
lord stannis has turned from the truth of the seven to worship a red demon , and his false faith has no place in these seven kingdoms . ''
the final piece fell into place when he overheard an animal trainer complaining loudly to the pitmaster .
` ` the second sons have no place for mummers , '' the bravo in pink said scornfully .
` ` it is not my place to counsel you , prince quentyn ... but if i were you , i would not return to my chambers .
he would slay the rebel lord himself and carve a place out for himself in all the histories of the seven kingdoms .
jorah mormont had fought longer and harder , but he would have come to the same place in the end .
let the stormcrows choose another captain , one who knows his place .
there is a place for you on that council .
lannisport is her place . ''
` ` it is a wise woman who knows her place . ''
levana sensed that he was exceptionally proud of his place on the royal guard .
my place is to serve you . ''
the yearning grew quietly at first , taking the place in her belly where a child should have been .
i feel so out of place among these aristocrats , with their bank accounts and posh manners .
this is when the pieces of the puzzle finally fall into place for me .
the only things that seem out of place in this picture are the heavy metal shackles that bind my ankles and wrists , chaining me down to my chair .
when the republic 's first elector sealed the borders , their people had no place to go .
and it 's even worse since you 're the reason he 's there in the first place .
darkness rolled over the face of the earth , and evan walker tumbled down to the lightless bottom , to a hidden room that danced in light and her face the source of that light , and he had no explanation for it , how her face illumed the lightless place inside .
it was not her place to comment on m. de chretien 's stature at court .
she must find her proper place at the end of the line of precedence .
` ` it is n't your place , '' his holiness said , ` ` to determine god 's truth , or hs will . ''
the queen used to embroider constantly - he treasured a handkerchief she had given him , though it was so covered with silk flowers that it was useless - for , in truth , the sweet sad foolish lady had no occupation , no place at her husband 's court .
you have given me a place in your confidence , lucien thought , which honors me beyond wealth or rank .
it was not her place to judge count lucien 's liaisons or his sins .
` ` how kind of you to keep us company , when all the other men desert us and give us no place in their games . ''
his place at the foot of the banquet table , as far from his majesty as one could be seated , might have been the place of honor .
unless this place did n't exist until i - ` ` stop it , '' he says .
the place of the worst season of your life , frozen forever , decaying without ever really dying .
gudmund was already gone , had already put his mind into bethel academy , sixty - five miles away , that he was already living in a future at uw or wsu , which were even farther , and maybe that future included seth somehow , maybe that future really did have a place for the two of them - but seth was only here .
he tries to fight but finds himself so weakened - by lack of food and sleep , by the running , by the sheer weight on his chest - that all he can do is stumble backward , trying not to fall - despite how strangely small the hands seem - they 're pulling him off the street , toward the shell of a collapsed structure that may once have been several stories high but is now a place of broken concrete walls and surprisingly dark shadows .
the worst thing was finding out he was never really all mine in the first place .
i wonder now why he came in the first place .
some of them were happy to greet me when i walked through it , but some would n't speak to me at all , unsure of my place in all this .
i ' m not too sure of my place in it either .
some of us never had it , never forgiving the land for leaving us there in the first place .
` ` you made him smarter and kinder and more aware of the world and his place in it . ''
when everything fell into place . ''
it is not your place to tell the sky what he must do .
he knew well his place in the pack : others led and he followed .
he wondered at the stars and the heavens , comforted by their vastness against his own small place in the world .
then , today when i talked to your grams ena it all clicked into place .
kenyans plan focused around getting my body back and restoring me to my rightful place .
he wanted to use the same fae magic that stole my body in the first place .
i needed to go home and rediscover my place in the world .
but that s quite irrelevant question jack said what really matters is whether i shall find my proper place among the motley of good and bad people , who change like chameleon between good and evil ?
scams can take place and some fraud person can legitimately withdrawbut excuse me , sir .
i know its got its place .
even though she had been holding out for a wedding , maybe if she lived with him things would fall into place more smoothly .
i should say thank you as well for getting me out , even though it was your idiotic idea that landed me in jail in the first place . ''
` ` i ' m not saying i wish reece were n't here , but why did you bring him in the first place ? ''
` ` even he must know that , which makes it harder to understand why he would drain her power in the first place . ''
why did they pick you up in the first place ?
you d think that because the civil rights movement took place during my lifetime , that my generation would ve done away with the mine , mine , minemuch more superior than yours !
everything for benjamin and myself seems to be falling into place .
it is your spaceyour place in the world .
he was my first love and i would always have a special place for him in my heart .
so many things just seemed out of place about devin .
all wolves , however short their stay , must have a place in this pack .
and strange , toofor as much as he missed his old pack , and as much as he resented liyra for holding him prisoner , it would be good to have a place in the world again .
palva , the gatherer , was a wolf who could not physically fight to protect those under her and thus , by lerons judgment , had no place giving orders to them .
obviously , this useless wolf has a place among the hunters .
this wolf has a place among us .
whatever it was , it felt good to have a place in the world .
it is clear that her dream - world is quite a different place from the world we live in .
i ve made my place in the pack .
i want them to feel as comfortable as possible like it is a home environment , not a place of imprisonment , grinning .
he hopes to give the impression of some other place else than heaven since angels are nt supposed to lie .
mella swiftly gallops to her hero , eye burning his bruised cheekbone and split lip then she switches places with ash and closetly hugs drakes body , tenderly caressing his aching neck muscles with both her warm finger pads .
it looked out of place in the rough country , like an alien spacecraft that had just landed .
the question seemed out of place , and shawn looked at seth a moment , realizing he seriously wanted to know more about this .
if seth thought shawn could grow and find his place in this life , then likely it was true , but he had no idea where that left him with jenny clearwater .
being a widow makes her feel out of place .
he had a strength and grace about him that seemed almost out of place in a high school sophomoremore like something you 'd see in a professional athlete .
normally i would have felt hugely out of place surrounded by cheerleaders and football players and other super - cool types , but with rigel 's arm still around me , i felt only the tiniest bit awkward .
its unheard of , and i could lose my place in the community .
wander around aimlessly as an outcast and never have a place , or join me .
i d always taken my place in heaven for granted , and i realised there were so many things i d been taking for granted : the other angels around me , my friends , my family , my place in the scheme of things .
i d always taken my place in heaven for granted , and i realised there were so many things i d been taking for granted : the other angels around me , my friends , my family , my place in the scheme of things .
no angel would give up their place in heaven if they were nt evil .
her confident smile had no place in the room anymore , and he found that he missed its reassuring presence .
his tireless toil alongside them earned him a place of respect in the tight - knit community .
no explanation was given , and blue did not think it her place to ask josephine where her new owner had gone .
it is not our place to change things in such a manner , he said .
it is our place to go onto accept our fates and to live accordingly .
the first volume also told about hollows knights , famous wizards , the conflicts between the white and black witches , and mysterious places hidden in the town , such as the strange forest which the dryads had chosen as a habitat , the lake where mermaids had found their sanctuary , and the cave which hid secrets and dangers inside its depths .
the cold was gone , but the blackness of that place came with him through the portal of the mirror , rooting itself in his soul , binding him to the fallen one , eblis and the shadowhorn mountain .
the fallen one is that rot and decay out of its place , taken out of time .
none of the years ahead would have a place in her heart in the same way as this time , which was coming to an end .
after all , he just told me he put the rumors in my head in the first place .
a woman has no place leading .
he and i established his place in my life and he knows regardless or so i am told .
i confirmed that we were indeed in the place called hell , but it was nt as others thought .
please , please , my fellow rats , please accept this for what it is a chance at a secure future and a stronger place in the neighborhood .
you will cease to be pups and children and begin to take your full places in the clan .
what is changing is your place in the clan .
he has been working for some time i think to push the rats out of what he feels is the pigeons rightful place .
i can lead you to the place i was shown , rhamalli told them .
he seemed just as out of place as i did in crestview ; a farming community with dirt roads , no red lights , and a grand total of one general store .
it forced my mind into a dark place .
surrounded by family now , shaking hands and introducing myself , i wonder why it is i ' ve never felt more out of place than with the people i ' m supposed to belong to .
very few who really try lose their place in the sanctum .
in both galvanic and electrolytic cells , oxidation takes place at the anode and electrons flow from the anode to the cathode .
if we play again and i ve told you and you re on the other team , i wo nt have my special place anymore , will i ?
i mean , there will always be a special place in my heart for her , but , i ve decided to keep my options open .
to her , it was simply hell ; like being sucked back in time against her will , to a place she never wanted to revisit .
i do nt think its my place to explain .
she was completely shocked at what had just occurred , but the pieces all slid into place in her mind .
in no time , kiras morning classes whizzed by and she was sitting with her newfound friends in the cafeteria , feeling like she had an actual place in the school .
the next morning , kira was jarred awake by a booming alarm , dragging her out of that perfect place between being asleep and being awake , when everything seemed so serene .
she could have been from a different era and almost seemed out of place near the busy intersection where cars zoomed by behind her .
you see kira , i ran away from that world because i had no place in it .
it just fell into place after that .
the housework puts my mind into a lulled , zen kind of place .
her eyes anchor me to this place , this safe place where i am warm and well - fed .
it occurs to me that it was the black wolf who bit zeke in the first place , so maybe zeke and this other wolf have some kind of connection .
* * * after the drama of the last few days , danni felt out of place at school on monday morning .
` ` but i ' m hungry , so any snooping we 're doing will take place after dinner . ''
dham starts , as though coming back from some place only in his head .
` ` i rifled through ryland 's files until i found what i thought was the ritual he used to bind the demon inside of patrick in the first place . ''
it had computers that continually readjusted and compensated for all the fluctuations that were now taking place in the laws of aerodynamics , right ?
the chair would nt have looked out of place in a picture - book cottage .
it all took place in a weird , disconcerting silence .
as he pressed his lips into mine , my mind went to another place .
two when it comes to describing the world of hell , most mortals instantly picture a place engulfed in flames with cavern rock bridges surrounded by lakes made of fire .
they think of hell as a place underground where torture goes on constantly with lucifer perched on a throne of skulls watching the evil beneath them .
she was in this place that seemed like earth , but it was nt .
just know that i have the greatest respect for you and i will always have a place in my heart for you .
i am vili brother of odin and i shall give you the peace you so long for , my great nephew kol was telling you the truth when he said that he was not at fault for what took place between sig and himself .
the only reason i followed you in the first place was because you were my ticket out of that life but now i have a father and i do nt need to pretend anymore .
do not fear young demigods , curios has earned a place in elysium .
a place for those who were too ignorant , stupid , or selfish to change during their mortal lifetime .
things have come to a place where we can communicate again .
it may not be a coincidence that her debut novel , the energy room , focuses on a girl who has tremendous powers , but is trapped in a place where she believes she has no control .
studying the monitors , he saw nothing out of place .
keys to enter dark places never are they in expected spaces hearts separate and with no faces they run forever love chases lyssa looked at her poem or whatever it was .
one day shed be out of high school and would find her place in the world , far , far away from here .
a place where one can see themselves as they are .
the only one that stood out right now was why the hell i d gone in the first place .
you need to learn your place and think of that .
my heart quivered , being in a strange place in the sudden darkness .
i felt out of place walking next to her .
while it was true i had felt out of place beforei had grown comfortable in paradan .
a child has no place in that graveyard .
ooma was aware of the limits of the earth body , and that her spirit must take its place in another form in the valley .
i know things have n't been great between us , but i want you to know that you will always have a special place right here , he says as he pats his hand over his heart .
u know that there s a place for only u in my heart , but i need to live a little .
have you accepted your place in this clan ?
pieces of the puzzle i did nt know i had were falling into place .
also , though i know it is not my place , i will tell you why seraph does nt want you to take alluring .
it must be dragon - belly lake but why was this mythical place appearing in his vision ?
when we lose our place in your dimension , we are shunned by the laws that rule it and can no longer influence events .
close - lipped shahiroh stepped quietly around the shaky land people who d invaded their domain : portly rraawuu from the cities and lithe but tremulous geyg - ee , whose bows and spears seemed oddly out of place on the ocean .
honey , i wish i could say , but its not my place .
before the party ends , he will be here , and you will wonder why you were even worrying in the first place .
i do nt have a place in his life , do i ?
so no one took my place in your heart ?
the rest three of them have shifted to a new place he is unaware of .
this was the reason i was nt keen on meeting her at the airport in the first place .
mary 's smile seems so out of place in my world .
why he even bothers to ask in the first place is beyond me .
claire stops suddenly and holds out her hand to quiet us , not that we were making much noise in the first place .
i do n't like not knowing what 's going on and i have a sinking feeling inside my stomach like something is out of place .
you did nt think everything falling into place like this was mere coincidence , did you ?
the reason why we came on land is lost to us as surely as how we built the underwater cities in the first place .
but the closer he tied himself to this place , the further i felt from him .
i step through first and sure enough i find myself in a magical place , a vast land of green grass as far as the eye can see .
certainly , rivalry and the occasional thuggery took place .
after a brief discussion , the two brothers decided to imprison xir in a place so inescapable that it does not even exist in this plane of reality . ` `
` ` that 's hardly my place to say one way or the other , milady .
that s what you get for not knowing your place , newbie , he said to me in a low whisper , and i almost punched him in the face to enlighten him about his .
he was a pop star , and that made everything click into place .
he s only trying to help , and i m sure he knows his place in the industry he s in .
an uncomfortable silence snapped into place .
the cousins seemed to have changed places ; now it was levis turn to lighten the mood .
let the council know , and understand , that the removal of the woman from her place on earth is a direct violation of the xylander treaty , signed after the great battle .
it was not his place in this world that she had fallen in love with .
as far as she was concerned , navarre corrupted this land by allowing such an abomination to take place .
mr . mason gave him detention and made him write i respect all girls and their place in history five hundred times .
all of the pieces fall into place , now all i need to do is contact the powers and hope that they fall for my ruse .
tell me you were successful in killing aden and then tart and i shall heal you and give you a new place in my paradise .
choosing their place in this cruel world .
and i have no idea how close they are to finding her , or why they want to in the first place !
my day had never felt so empty and out of place .
i was the girl he had chosen to bring to this magical place .
she stared up frightened at me , as if she had woken up from a dream and was out of place by the sight of me .
it seems out of place on him and he reaches his hand towards me to shake ; the hand with his cross ring .
its not our place to judge .
the do nt seem like they have a place here , and are wondering around in search of their former selves .
what are our places in the great machine ?
she was a ghost and she must have fought for her place in society .
zero - sixteen continued , disappearing to the left where he used a clustered set of keys to open a thick , steel that looked out of place amongst the old stone .
and in this world there wo nt be any place for people like akira and for people as narrow - sighted as you .
we have no place in the world .
i could nt take my place in society !
too much will upset the body and at least harm the brain on some level seeing as the brain secretes the hormone that lets us use this energy in the first place .
they re beautiful and it just makes me feel like there s no place for them here .
i thought that if i could just stay busy and keep moving , maybe eventually everything else would fall into place .
that basement was a memory - filled place for me .
they congregate to remember the person they all thought i was and love me for a picture of a place in time that can never be erased .
part of the incident with your father involved a man who was out of place in the city because he had come back to life in a different age .
he was still wearing his bowling style work shirt , and suddenly felt out of place in the bathroom full of men wearing clothes from 1967 .
there are systems in place to prevent mistakes , as you saw back there . ''
rema certainly did nt feel beautiful , and if anything , felt out of place in a kingdom where everyone had black hair , dark eyes , and brown skin .
it was just that i was in a strange place .
i snickered ; some of the younger ones i 'd met were so revved up with the onset of early awakening that they were eager to attack anything that seemed out of place here .
he desperately wanted a place in this new village they had formed together and saw it essential to their continuity .
i come from another place that is very old , and very far away .
i imagine that i am in my real home and swimming in a place where i belong , instead of the alien that i truly am in this different world .
when i left my family had moved on to live their own life and i felt that i did nt have a place in it anymore .
this is your place .
no , your place is here .
when you approached us for a place in the society , it was i who gained you entry into this sacred court , but do you treat it as you should ?
i replied looking around the kitchen to see if anything had changed ; but nothing seemed out of place .
indeed she was , and i did not feel it was my place to gainsay her wishes .
she instantly has her place in the world then , and the more children she has , the more valuable she becomes .
i know it is not my place , he murmured , but why do you let her do that ?
our tenth story takes place during the festive holiday season : zombie style !
when he reached the kitchen , reno was setting a place for his breakfast .
the fullness of magic has been stripped of our land by the being ; the same being who bestowed it in the first place .
when they got back to the beachfront at the resort , she realized they had nt discussed the issue of why he was there in the first place .
addy felt out of place in her dress and carrying her heels when she walked into the library .
the moment my head hits the pillow , my mind shifts to an unfamiliar place .
but as i try returning to that perfect place , my twisted ability takes me to a moment in time i do not want to think about right now .
tonight , when were alone , ill find out if i have a genuine place in hunters heart .
i should have never trusted him in the first place .
from the way artie talked , california sounds like the place for me .
its not our place to mess with it .
school was not a place of learning for me , it was a cover , a place to blend in and be normal until biloxi found me and then i 'd be gone to the next place .
the whole street erupted into noise and it sounded like a carnival was taking place , only not everyone seemed to be crying out joyously .
he seemed nice enough , but there was something about him that daphne did not trustan eagerness or enthusiasm that seemed out of place .
i prefer to think of my domain as living art , and a place where science and art come together .
looking up at his face , i found something in his stare that i could nt quite place .
as he held me with his penetrating stare , i completely forgot why i d come there in the first place .
from your place in the world , everything must seem easy .
i did nt know what brought this onspending too much time in maries love - filled house , or having found a place in julians heart at lastbut in that moment , i hated having this power .
in the shade of all the firs and spruces , a chill slid down my arms , reminding me that i was about to leave civilization behind and head to a place unknown with an alien by my side .
a few minutes ago i had believed taking my mothers place in death was the only way to be with julian .
after my mothers death , the world had not been the same vivid place for me .
it is created pure , created in a place more revered than the heavens .
she was numb , as if she had nt even heard his words in the first place .
that word had no place in this tree .
she did nt want him angryanger had no place in this tree .
the people who hold a place in your heart are very lucky .
hell had never been allowed to stumble into heaven ; her dark nightmare had no place in this golden fantasy .
hope is a whimsical feeling that half the time has no place in reality .
time has no place in this god - forsaken place , whether i have been here for a hundred years or a few hours , it is impossible to tell for sure .
their propriety and their fine manners felt all out of place .
my reality abigail the mind is its own place , and in itself can make a heaven of hell , a hell of heaven .
i should never have left in the first place .
her humanity has no place in the underworld .
they had proven to be the most truthful people of all and i should have trusted them in the first place .
i could nt hear the conversation , but whatever murmured exchange took place was short and to the point .
how long before my world , the only place i have ever known , ever remembered , ever lived within , comes crashing down into nothing but shards and jagged pieces ?
i wonder why they bothered to rescue us in the first place .
i just hope there would be a special place in hell for them if not it will be very unfair and partial .
she ca n't for the life of her figure out how she ever got into glee club in the first place .
its not your place to say that , brendan said sternly , and i thought i heard a growl beneath the words .
there s no need to wait and fight for your place in tonights introduction .
in england , in july , the sun would hold its place in the sky until late , sometimes not receding until 11 at night .
it felt less thrilling and more like returning to a place she had forgotten she was missing .
the cogs churning in his brain clicked into place .
the shout was out of place in the alley , and she spun around to face the man who had called her name .
hiraeth , it read , a homesickness for a home to which you can not return , a home which maybe never was ; the nostalgia , the yearning , and the grief for the lost place of your past .
i was alone , enshrouded in a place where everything was the same .
if you aid my god , he will give you a place in the heavens where you belong .
how could such a murky place exist in the beautiful paradise of deia ?
i would have never known i had a natural ability to spin words into stories if i had nt read those books in the first place .
i hated this paddock and all the rest of itthe creek , the shed , the property , the whole place , in factbut at least it was my place to hate .
i could skip pony camp altogether , avoid having to apologise to tessa , get to catch up with my sydney friends , re - cement my place in the groupandmeet my dream boy darcy all in one night .
despite the apron , he looked so normal and was doing something so normal that it seemed out of place in her kitchen .
so far , no one he d met had filled that special place in his heart .
everything had a place now , and was touchable .
* when i was that age i had been an only child , so i had never had to fight for a place amongst my siblings .
however , i did have to fight for a place to survive .
somehow everything seemed to click into place .
tonight it was the place of schoolwork .
the minds eye is an exciting wartime adventure with paranormal fun , but at its heart it is also a story about a girl just like me , struggling to work out how to find a place in the world where she can feel valued and still be useful to the people she cares about .
it is a story that is very important to me and i sincerely hope it will find a place in your hearts too .
i wanted , right then , to point out that i was n't actually her boyfriend , but it seemed out of place .
maybe he was in a dream , though it all seemed too real for that , in a manner of speaking , considering that he was actually in an unreal place .
in turn , with all this losing the will to live and dying going on , the mortality rate of the fl is indeed very low ; so it appears to be a positive attribute for the insect that its entire reproductive cycle takes place over a single day .
but as it were , and on this particular day , no such phenomenon would be taking place ; at least not concerning our four much focused travellers .
but , the idea has certainly never been documented , not to my knowledge anyway ... . and i am the keeper of the archives ... . nor has it ever been suggested , not by my father , or his father ... . we have simply always referred to the whole scheme of things as taking place in this big wide universe of ours .
i just do nt even understand why she was up there in the first place , faye do you know why ?
in its place surged his instinct and will to survive the coming catastrophe , a baser version of his self that had no place in the world he d known his whole life .
so far away and so near on this night the pale moon flies through the endless starry skies so hold me close feel the rhythm of my heart , echoing far take my hand lead me where to souls could soar oh , so far away and so near i have seen your eyes before in another life i lived in innocence i imagined you could fly close to the stars here i am waiting for the moon to rise oh , so far away and so near i have felt eternity in another life i lived on feathered wings chase my spirit far and wide , ageless and free take me there always towards that place of peace oh , so far away and so near as the last notes of her song faded , the neurologists rushed over to their instruments and began feverishly studying the displays .
something about a special place in hell being reserved for assholes like you .
the rest of the perimeter consisted of a high brick wall that would nt have looked out of place surrounding a maximum - security prison .
i just sit listening to her tell me her problems , not knowing why she is telling me them in the first place .
i never should have let them get away with you in the first place .
ella felt so out of place with them .
she found it hard to reel her thoughts back in and without the bell of an alarm clock or the whistle of the tea kettle , she might float for hours in an in - between place of faraway visions and half - remembered dreams .
she called us to her and , for the first time , oisin walked on that hallowed ground , pressed hard and smooth by the skin of her feet , a place of magic and mystery , my birthplace .
his body yearned to move closer to the voice , trace the syllables of his name to their source and take his destined place at her feet .
jackal , drunken and giddy the night before , had reported that the girl was held in a place hotter than the sun and boiling with the earths creation , a cavern of fire .
there is a place though , a place where i am who i am , truly .
the world is a mysterious place , ella .
we made the adjustment to our equipment after learning of the horrible mishap that took place when the morblins listened to unfiltered earth language .
roger had been trained in the art of diplomacy for the last six years but jacky held a special place in rogers memory and it was going to be difficult to let it go .
it seems our little urchin has found her true place in the world , said a high - pitched , borderline - hysterical voice .
philip knows his place .
there s no place for electric instruments , it changes them into something that they were never supposed to be .
the prize on offer ; a coveted place on the beer break stage at scotland 's biggest live music festival : beer in the dark .
as you know there is a place for all of us believers .
this class took place in the gym , as noted in the schedule .
` ` you 're my grandfather , '' jack repeated as pieces of the puzzle fell into place , despite his willing them not to .
a lone toilet stood in the middle of the rubble , completely out of place in the disaster zone .
everything was fragmented and jumbled , making it hard to recall why i felt so disconnected in the first place .
her hair was coiled on the top of her head in a style that would nt have looked out of place in victorian england .
to make me forget why i was ever alive , why i would ever have wanted to live in the first place .
a voice distinct to nights time whispers called layth from his day of purpose into the opaqueness from which the butterfly had risen ; the place extending meaning beyond life .
was this an answer to his pleas for survival of the village or a sacred place rising to engulf him ?
that which this stone protects could be a resting place for something far more powerful than water itself .
through the breaking dark of morning , voices of ancients called him to find this place of power where centuries had protected the stone seal that lay at their feet .
there have been those who journey beyond worlds knowing this to be eternal , unchanged since time but the place of our lineage within destiny is to remain on this earth .
layth tried to see his place in the enormity of what had been witnessed .
the elder and his grandson sank into the comfort of this place , drifting beneath the sands into a dream of ancient thoughts wrapped in delicate images .
in our village it is by our own family hearth that his true place in the long line of stories is spoken of .
yet this day has been so full of twists , we may also find this place to be bottomless .
tight fingers drawing in circles on the window , the boy saw his place in a world flooded with tears .
the old mans own prophesies , soiled by derision , were being fed out in acid drifts ; a thousand tiny cuts folding back , eroding his place as elder .
would this aqueous chamber in the wall be the resting place for her heart , her other , the chessman ?
centered within cries of sacrilege for this defilement storming skies proclaimed the unimaginable , this place wherein truth immemorial dwells holds captive those judged by the wind ; voices twining dimensions around you , spinning unheard seventh notes .
this place of prevalence , a sacred union of all responses proclaimed by those of like spirit whose voices circle planets , expands the sense of the right and the wrong for those who resonate of same resolve .
the elder raised his arm to rest upon layths shoulder , i trust you to this place of divine vision and those long past worlds but i fear the human part you are called to play , my greatest treasure .
the channel layth had entered was portal to a realm where humanity touched the divine ; alam al - mithal understood by scholarly minds as the hall into which human spirit could rise ; the place within which those of the divine could share human understanding .
his journey down the shell - laced channel had emptied him into this place most unbearable , borne again to the impossible warmth of a love unconditional .
a lifetime 's connection to them called him to leave this vault ; a stronger pull rooting him to this mystical place where his beloved parents dwelled .
placing his lamp towards the tunnels entrance where stale desert air rushed down to meet the flame near extinguished , layth turned from the chamber , kneeled to re - enter the passage that had delivered him into this place of healing .
imled felt the passing of her friend cold against the memory of her own ceremony of crossing ; emptiness in the place held by trust .
the tunnel led me to a place beyond imagining ; into the arms of my parents .
bound to the spell of these words , layth carried through the dark to collect the lamp , rope ; his grandfather following through the courtyard down the road to the place of loss , the burnt remains of a young home .
they saw the potential of it all , how they could make this world a place of wonder and beauty , yet they did not know how to do this .
monika silently concentrated on a place of pure peace deep inside her as she weaved through the band of robbers .
yet , his voice came to them from what seemed like a far - off place and basha thought that fato yelled , lemons , guys !
with the sun high in the sky , he knew that it was now the 83rd day since he left and the 28th day of mai , but he could nt help recalling the darkness of the strange place in his nightmare .
juna had finally proven himself to be their rightful leader by guiding them to this place and at long last , the servants had now paused at the top of this hill over kiki so that they might freeze this image .
however , i must tell you my daughter , it is not our place to make such inquires until it can be proven that he is the one that the prophecy spoke of .
i suppose i ve finally earned my place in jobes story .
victoria knew there was no place for her disappointments and jealousy .
you will always hold a special place in my heart as well .
the spirits of the forest protect their magical places with great jealousy , however , so the fairy rings are guarded by ferocious toads the size of small deer .
shed just finished telling him stories about the overbearing second mate and the crew of mocking sailors , all happy to remind her that her place was at the very bottom of their well - established pecking order .
the eye is a place of truth , for at sea , truth is of the utmost importance to survival , said the captain , taking up the narrative .
he has no right to that place .
he considered the ship and his place upon it .
auk , began the captain with some reticence , you re aware that superstitions come from a place of truth , aye ?
my good friend lashell was born and raised here in sugar creek , so this project has held a very special place in her heart .
it is said that the entire dream takes place in the period between having rolled off the bed and hitting the floor .
no , when you saw something as beautiful as a rainbow you could only react naturally , from a place deep within .
its not our place to do it , sebastian said .
i know the shadow laws are in place for our safety , but how can being with a human , except for sex , be dangerous ?
it was clear from the things the men were were chanting that they felt that women had no place in politics , that our place was in the kitchen and in bed , and that we should accept servility to our masters .
it was clear from the things the men were were chanting that they felt that women had no place in politics , that our place was in the kitchen and in bed , and that we should accept servility to our masters .
apart from the area at the centre , where considerable restoration work had already taken place , much of the building was clearly fire damaged : many of the windows were just gaping holes , and smoke - blackened smudges rose from each to stain the once - elegant faade .
we followed sergey inside , and found ourselves in a large room , where more restoration was taking place .
he checked his surroundings , but noticed something out of place .
relief found its place on grimdins face .
come , my dear ones , come with me , the queen called from a more distant place .
there was no telling to where they were going , as if being taken to a place away from time and the entire world .
and on a night unfortunate and wrong , i left her sleeping alone and went through the magical door , and came to this place .
i pray you find a place in your kind heart for olden and his work , grimdin said .
grimdin and steven stood in silence , awed at the sublime expanse and the magical place , as if this place was oblivious to the aging wheel of time .
and grimdin felt dizzy and unbalanced in his own place , as if the ground was about to swallow him .
he had forgotten the origins of the ruby and its place with his family , and he had attempted to manipulate its power with his cold instruments .
from my place in the kitchen , i can see grandma 's back but not the unexpected visitor .
i sift through my brain , searching for the memory that will match a place with the face hang on a minute .
even before i open my eyes , i know i m in some place unfamiliar .
a bright white light rushed toward her , taking her under to a place filled with peace and warmth .
what francis did nt know was how edward was conspiring with her ailing father to have her placed in an asylum ; a place , he assured her mother , where francis was bound to recover .
within minutes she was half between sleep and consciousness , a place where the light from the candle flickered as if it were sunlight on the surface of water , and where , for the first time in her memory she felt free of bonds , bones and laces .
you can go and do your very important and integral part in the process and place that test subject back into confinement .
yes , mr . jackson is here to assist and give advice to mrs . borand in the full investigation which will take place .
the epic temporal explosion then rippled across all of terrynmen , closed the void and halted the descent of the planet out of its place in the solar system .
the wealthy snob then looked to a large , dark - skinned fight promoter who was the owner of the box seats and ranted , barnabas , this piece of garbage is certainly no high roller and has no place amongst us !
like figuring out why i was blinded in the first place .
she could just see the infuriated bryon reaching the window and yelling at carmela when everything around her went white as she was hurdled through time and space to another place .
possibly even worse than the everwild , the deadlands was a place so dark and full of evil that not even hekate herself would venture to tread .
the realm of dreams was long ago a place of peace , a place where dreamers could come to be refreshed .
the realm of dreams was long ago a place of peace , a place where dreamers could come to be refreshed .
you should never not come to a place where you never know the answers .
no , but you do have an accent that is distinct to a place in my world , i say , watching how her eyes stay trained on mine .
i blurt out before i have a chance to put a filter in place between mouth and brain .
and as i registered these strange feelings , then turned back toward my new home in east halls , i stepped toward an exciting , uncharted place called the future .
a place known as adulthood .
` ` i do n't want to lose the only place that is home . ''
within a matter of minutes , the world of prospekt street had transformed into a place of nightmares .
a scoop of pearl ash and a variety of chemicals brought him to a place of dense shadow in the store .
` ` romulus , the house of cards might not even be a real place , '' viktor groaned .
viktor scanned the space uncomfortably , wondering what evil had taken place there .
she had been sleeping for the past few days and it was as if they had traded places for that time .
emotions had no place on the battlefield .
it was too empty , anything out of place would be immediately noticed .
something was out of place , not quite right .
maybe saw someone from the building , but nothing out of place .
when preston showed up everything kind of clicked into place .
and , she had a firm belief that there was a mystical place called heaven , and that in order to get there she had to be good enough .
i really do n't know what he ever saw in her in the first place .
it really is nt my place to tell you .
it seemed to come from the place that exists between sleep and dreamthat lucid state where distinguishing between dream and reality is often difficult .
but she could nt trade places with her son , and all she saw was daniel sitting on the bed , asking his father why he was turning onto the two - lane highway at the outskirts of town .
had emi been granted her wish and switched places with daniel during those few seconds in time , she would have seen her husband pinned and unable to move , trapped beneath the crumpled pieces of steel , his body broken and spirit quickly fading .
he was still here , still stuck in this awful , creepy place .
walking down the stairs , i could hear my mother making noise in the kitchen , and this made me smile because my mother can not cook ; in our house the kitchen , is the place where take out is served and stored .
chapter 6 for the next few weeks , it seemed like nick had made a place on our team and we had all gotten into a routine .
there was no place for prophecy in a gelfling 's life .
from a place outside of conscious decisions , skekna hurled himself at the ground and began to lick at it .
noises and cory could n't find a place inside of himself to care what this mystic thought about him .
` ` an ' everything in my cathedral reminds you that life is precious , and that the world is beautiful , and that there 's a place inside of us where the true world lives , a world without lies an ' such , a place where you can trust every livin ' thing to keep you safe an ' not eat you or nuffing .
` ` an ' everything in my cathedral reminds you that life is precious , and that the world is beautiful , and that there 's a place inside of us where the true world lives , a world without lies an ' such , a place where you can trust every livin ' thing to keep you safe an ' not eat you or nuffing .
there was an old partha in our woods who told stories -- they all took place in a flying city she invented , in a world where parthim had wings like birds -- but i could n't remember them much .
he and mr . lonely seemed terribly out of place in this setting .
true souls do nt come to an imaginary place .
i would not expect you to understand the inner political workings of the imaginative worlds , its council , or my place in either .
he slept with the total tranquility of someone who whole - heartedly believed in a rational , orderly universe and understood his place within it .
he looked back at max 's fluorescent green racing suit and wind - swept silver hair and noticed how out of place he was .
how out of place they all were .
nothing was out of place in her home .
a place now being invaded by the man she had tried so hard to wipe from her memory for the last month , but he would nt budge and she knew it .
elipsians had no place for men in such a position .
he did nt need a reminder of why awkward was a perfect place for me .
everyone placed one hand on me , and i remember feeling strange in this new place , but it was okay because i knew how much everyone loved me .
it is not your place to doubt robins love for her aerling or her devotion to protecting her .
it is not your place to determine her future .
does the boy still have a place in your sanctuary as a griffin lad ?
but a high school basketball game , hoang - ha thought , was a place where america came alive .
knowing that was enough to buy myself a place in the city morgue , i thought , because that is all i knew about it .
otherwise you re only setting yourself up for disappointment , because frankly , there is no place for you here in my school .
there was so much more i wanted to say , but it would ve come from a place of pain , a private place that i was nt ready to share , that i was barely ready to face myself , that i d been ignoring all year .
i needed a lot of time to face that private place of pain i d been ignoring for weeks .
not much , we caught dans scent in a few places around the yard , so he s been here recently , but nothing looked out of place .
but what is this place ?
they entered the office which looked terribly out of place in a nightclub with tall bookshelves full of reading materials , a nice mahogany desk and leather chairs .
however , david noticed one thing about the house that looked out of place the front door .
she looked like a businesswoman of some kind and seemed totally out of place in this situation .
a place far away from my reality , a place with no one to save from themselves .
strangely enough , for years , none of my friends had ever felt it was their place to question the bruises which occasionally marked my skin .
they continued into the minstrels prayer , a dramatic change from the loud and rapid shredding that had taken place earlier .
the clouds had disintegrated and the world was an entirely new place as they resumed their course back towards macks cove .
you think you have some privileged place in my life ?
my emotions are all over the place and i raise my hands to wipe my face .
his soul was lurching into a place of nightmare , the kind of creeping nightmare that made for hammering hearts and cold sweats .
he d have no place in the world .
they may have sounded out of place anywhere else in el paso , but at the truck stop southern accents were as common as the smell of sagebrush .
drake spoke with an air of dignity , which seemed out of place given the circumstances .
a place used to determine guilt or innocence of a man or a woman by a human judge .
published by : wanderlust publishing tucson , az cover art by : jayme kelter , copyright 2013 , klarite photography all rights reserved http : //www.klaritephoto.com/ for dad , whose love of physics inspired me in the first place .
lily lingered in the doorframe , looking very out of place .
it seemed strangely out of place in a medieval british castle .
so what is this place , like purgatory ?
the nimbi ca nt find this place any more than the penumbra can find carlion .
he vaguely remembered the pain , but he felt strangely detached from his body in this place , as if it were no more an essential part of him than the clothes he wore .
you said there were four dimensions in this place , said kane .
he did not see how those two things could both be true , but sargon had said that time had only tangential relevance to this place .
in the seat somewhere behind him , an arm reached up and hit him everywhere except his back , making him gasp all the louder and briefly taking his focus away from what had caused him to choke in the first place .
he never wanted to go to that place , again , the place of the terrible despair .
i discussed with the management where his recovery would take place .
it was strange to have an empty place on stage .
for the first thing , his dreams always took place right where he was at .
it seemed like daniel had escaped whatever weird place he was in , and i just did nt feel like having another nightmare .
at that moment everything began to click into place .
well for one brooke looks all geeky and though it would nt seem all that much out of place if i had nt met her , the problem is i did meet her and she looks nothing like this it would seem to me as nothing more than a costume .
all of this has become an obsession to him something he felt as though he needed to accomplish and now all he has left to experience is a real relationship which he thought he had with naveen , she said in a rush of words as all of the pieces started to fall into place .
it was nt just a place for her mother anymore it was a place for skylar as well .
i needed my domain , my place in the world where things usually went the way i planned .
its a place somewhere between here , the waking world , and the world you enter when you are asleep .
but it is a place outside of your dreams where you end up when a dream finishes .
suddenly something clicked into place ; the man had known his name .
you have reached a place beyond your understanding and you are in danger .
the nightmare realm , which exists on a plane beneath us , is a place where bad dreams happen , and it was there that the dreamweavers focussed most of their efforts .
yet his mind had brought him unbidden to this place and he seemed powerless to resist its draw .
without her smile the world seemed a desolate place and he felt alone , even though in body she was there with him .
then everything began to fall into place ; the encampment , their capture , captain nibbles and their escape .
their eyes were filled with reckless hatred , and again ryan was hit with the desolate feeling that he really had no place in this battle .
the whole experience seemed to have given him a new appreciation for the waking world , which was a sane , familiar place that was unlikely to turn inside out on a whim .
it is a place between heaven and hell where souls wait to have judgement passed upon them .
this place does nt belong to me .
its not my place to tell her the details , but shell know soon enough .
did you visit this place before you came to us ?
she and chloe stood up from their places in the grass , leaving danika to ponder the differences between where she 'd come from and this strange new place .
it was the place kachada had once kidnapped me , the place where lupe had once kissed me , the place where iris had once betrayed me , the place where haruki had once and again left me .
it was the place kachada had once kidnapped me , the place where lupe had once kissed me , the place where iris had once betrayed me , the place where haruki had once and again left me .
it was the place kachada had once kidnapped me , the place where lupe had once kissed me , the place where iris had once betrayed me , the place where haruki had once and again left me .
haruki was out of place with his dark skin and his loneliness .
there was a corridor of sunlight shining around the casino that seemed like an out of place mirage .
for the first time , i noticed an alarm panel on the wall , a piece of modernity out of place with the rest of the room .
it was not having an easy place in the world .
gone were our places in the fabric of this place .
she had been at the compound for twenty - four hours and already she had found her place in it .
i did n't tell him about haruki being special because it 's not my place .
i did not want to leave this enchanted place .
chapter thirty - six i was there again ; wandering the same beautiful and colorful forest , looking for the same person who was meant to share this place with me .
your body stays where it is , but your mind goes to a place of their choosing .
so that place kiran takes me to , is a real place ?
hell has a very special place for the depth of your depravity , i taunted him .
how did i get to this place in my life ?
i whispered , meanwhile ice cold dread sloshed through my stomach when i realized that also might have been what drew them here in the first place .
still , there was a strange kindness in his voice that felt somewhat out of place .
she was starting to realise her place in the world , which was something that only he could help her with .
it is an organism within which every single cell an inhabitant interacts with other similar cells , this interaction being at once both a method and a purpose , trying to find for himself or herself a place in the sun , inadvertently making this serve as the heartbeat of the entire city .
i have known you for a long time and i am pretty confident that you will find your place in the sun .
he faithfully supervised the abidance by the rules on the part of the visitors to that special place .
we did nt want to tell bob about the turning point in our relationship , which mostly occurred in the clinic , and we especially did nt want to explain why we were there in the first place .
we stomp up the hard concrete steps into the archway hallway of apollo high school , a familiar place in my current life .
i thought it was only a shadow before but now its all coming into place .
something as formal as a hand shake seemed out of place at such a fun party , but she decided to play along and shook his hand .
i ' m sure many who took their own lives felt they were doing the gods ' will , afforded a place in paradise for doing so .
` ` this world is no longer a place for youthful innocence . ''
` ` show them where our ' education ' took place . ''
finish the last human , and the children of mutanity can claim their rightful place as the heirs of this world . ''
it 's been two weeks since his death , but tien will always have a place in my heart .
each and every one of these imposters has been discovered sooner or later , as they drop their cover - act or are unable to complete the tasks that new primes are required to carry out to determine their place on olympia .
my mum would be in the spa , having her nails done , probably with a cocktail in hand felix interrupted my happy place ave !
it would always have the place of honor in carda 's model case .
i guess its not really my place to worry , but i wanted you to know that .
he spoke of a greater power , one that could overthrow the noricum and reclaim our rightful place in the world .
-x- this takes place in chapter nine of the golden apple of discord - coralia of the milunfran vampires aggie and ruben are in the backseat of a sleek , sexy audi .
she is that place for me .
you do have a special place in my heart .
i think you should know your place , raphael .
she s the one that brought up children in the first place .
things all clicked into place shortly afterwards .
he bolstered my courage a little , but it was ironic that the white wolf had put me under suspicion in the first place .
something in areels stance seemed out of place .
genocide , i said , and everything clicked into place .
chapter 18 i woke in a shadowy place , with no idea of where i was or what time it was .
my head was lighter , and the colors dancing before my eyes reminded me of something i could nt quite place .
i did nt feel out of place .
it was so out of place out here in the desert , she almost laughed herself .
she felt so out of place in her jeans and boots .
its a place you create for yourself and it steals your smiles away like they re a limited quantity in a secret box you carry around .
its not your place to think about this .
i grew up in a place in this realm without a volk .
he was , after all , the reason why santino had been so riled up in the first place while he was outside .
maybe , just maybe , she would also find out why she could understand the creatures in the first place .
sansonis felt quite out of place alongside her in his torn jeans and old shirt that had been worn thin from countless washings .
if you do not know yet of the trouble coming , then it is not my place to tell you .
muscled and scarred , they were the kind of men who would nt have looked out of place at the tavern the night before .
it had been transformed into a glowing magical place .
my mothers blue silk evening gown and richards tuxedo looked ridiculously out of place in the sterile hospital setting .
finally , ruth diplomatically asked , ` ` it is possibly not my place to comment like this , anton , but would not two minutes into the future have sufficed ? ''
by the time lunch came around i d learned my place in the world .
there was no place for celebration with this one .
nina always was keen on seeing small changes that took place in charlie .
cravings in their rightful place or not , william kept to the opposite side of the kitchen near an open window , as far from melinda as he could get without raising suspicions over his actions .
even though you have never permitted the full transformation to take place , you still have your werewolf senses .
he d never felt such need to allow the transformation to take place .
without the ring though michael sighed as it all fell into place .
* * * i suppose i should explain what were doing up here in the first place .
sara cleans his place .
the classes take place outside in the shade of some trees .
if this person had a place in my life , no matter how minuscule , i cry .
if eric wants to embarrass himself by allowing a trial to take place , then , so be it .
i could go on but you might become enraged and teach me my place . ''
if they had , these so - called experts claim that the wilizy would have noticed the wave of construction that took place on the roofs of public buildings in early august .
the wood was ancient and looked out of place in the modern frame .
mica 's voice sounded out of place , like a sneeze in church .
unexplainable events take place in this world , and you have to accept it and move on .
he knew she was still really confused at how she got to this strange place .
would she go there , to the heavenly place that she had heard so many stories of ?
at first maybe , but i came to find my place here .
i would allow it no place in my heart not even here , in this place that felt so right to me , like an old coat where you know all the pockets .
i would allow it no place in my heart not even here , in this place that felt so right to me , like an old coat where you know all the pockets .
we live there no longer because we have no place there .
as an orphan and an urchin , the very idea of having a name was somewhat out of place .
far off , barely on the edges of my mind , i thought of the stories i had heard , of how the hunter came for you when you died , collected you when the moon was gone and the sun was gone , and took you to the place where the dead reside .
back to a place where food was stolen , not laid out in earthenware bowls .
i d been allowed to catch the moonlight with them every night since that first one , and it was so wonderful that there was no place for worry .
the question of their identity had crossed my mind growing up , but orphans were not uncommon among those i lived and worked with , and , as such , the thoughts sealed themselves in the back of my mind , leaving only a thin scar to mark their place .
something clicked into place as i ran , some piece of the puzzle i had nt been able to understand until that moment .
now i knew that i would live here in the bower i knew the answers to the questions that had so long plagued me , about where i would go , about what i would grow up into , about where i belonged in a world that seemed to have no place carved out for me .
i d never encountered the hunter while holding the madness , but i did not think it out of place for me to have such a strong reaction .
those who were still under the part of the field bathed in starlight ran for their lives , while those on the border a place that made no sense , a place split by a clean line that cleaved the world into the night of the bower and the intruding day of some other world were only able to stagger after them , doing their best to move despite terrible burns .
she told me you had compelled me to stay with you she told me that my real place was with her !
so you have no place here , the erlking continued , the force of his will so immense i could nt even imagine standing before it .
i am a woman now can i return to the place of my childhood ?
as the light reached him , he was pulled into it , wrenched from his peaceful place within the infinite and thrown into the chaos beyond .
the star catches the ball of thread as it passes , pulling it towards itself , and he watches as they drift away from him , orbiting each other as they take their rightful place within the heavens .
i m not saying i wish reece were nt here , but why did you bring him in the first place ?
even he must know that , which makes it harder to understand why he would drain her power in the first place .
when she was dating jake , she told me stuff all the time ... '' ` ` wait , '' i interjected , a piece of the puzzle falling into place .
by the time the tone signals the end of the school day , i am hard pressed to remember why i wanted to come here in the first place , thinking maybe my mom was right about me dropping out and just working with her until college .
i was already melding to this new place , becoming a part of it .
it seemed so far from me now , like an imaginary place .
and you my darling , can come and go as you please as wellwe all can , to places like heaven , hell , the underworld , the netherworld , or the outer planes .
no one really knows for sure , but some speculate about a mythical place somewhere in the nether regions , where their souls linger in torment .
buried beneath rock , sediment and the great sands of egypt , it is merely a mystery , an imaginary place that no longer matters to the race of man .
our place is here with you , to protect and guide you through your journey .
your ascension ensures their place beside their creator , to finally move on from this world as the new gods .
that they know their place .
and just what is their place ?
little girl , you must learn that swords and armor are no place for a female !
the pieces all fell into place , and a warm glow suffused her , filling every nook and cranny of her being .
he could n't help wondering what it would be like to be in tim 's place .
his shoulder feels out of place as the rest of them pounce on him .
heck , he did n't want dale to be at fault ; the details had simply fallen into place .
my place is here .
but she fell into an even worse placea dark place with no doors and no way out .
would he tell her why he kept the truth from her in the first place ?
we compete for our places in the finals at the end of the year .
he told me neither god , nor gods blessings had a place in his house .
while all of the other kids seemed to fit pretty nicely into each of these categories , selena had never really found her place .
your rightful place is in damu , preparing for the red dawn .
the feel of him against her felt natural , like something falling into place , and selena closed her eyes against the feeling of oneness .
feeling right with titus meant accepting her place in damu , in fallada , and she just was nt ready to do that .
its funny , i feel so at home here , but out of place at the same time .
its no place for a child , his father had said .
there s no place for secrets between us .
i should have known better than to call her in the first place .
i shook my head ; sympathy for her had no place in my mind right now .
i sighed , as i knew there would be no place for me in the uppers with joseph .
the circles large , paved sandstone ground and elaborate design was so out of place amongst the rest of pau , which was concrete , plastic , and air conditioning .
this was to remind us of our place .
most importantly , i felt like i had a place .
she was not his family and had no place in his life .
his lips on my neck , his hand running up and down my forearm , the gold took over and i lost my place .
if they came back now it would be miraculously fast but logic had no place in our thoughts .
the world you re going into has no place for normal people like us .
yet her first instinct when they were alone was to try to burn him , to kill him , so that her kind could claim their rightful place as the prime element .
his size and fighting prowess combined to solidify his place as lord over their offshoot clan .
in my mind something clicks into place .
he had turned clara a long time ago and enjoyed the fact that she had made a place for herself in the world .
he loved the way she smelled and was sorely tempted to offer her a place in his menagerie .
looking up into the face of the man who had saved her , the fangs were the first things she noticed , but they did nt look out of place in the handsome face framed by long , blond hair .
i still do nt understand why she invited them in the first place ; you two are not religious .
finally , when the room felt like a stable place again , she glanced at the clock and saw that it had passed ten minutes from four oclock .
my place is with you beth woke up .
the same can be done with them ; each of us holds a secret place inside of you .
beth felt as though she was being transported to another place .
the chill of the previous night was slowly giving away its place to the warmth of the new day .
but as i was no longer an instructor , it was neither my place nor my will to take official notice .
apparently i was suffering from some kind of hyper - evolved form of the disease , which was their only explanation for the place in my head .
besides , the place in bryns head , its made up of memories not people , dani said .
but because that place , illusory or not , was nt made up of menial every - day things .
a few episodes of the golden girls had me in a better place and i relaxed enough to take my shoes off and pull out my laptop while i waited for nana to come home .
plurans have no place in a united matikki .
none of them have ever asked why i do nt date , and no one has ever been brave enough or stupid enough to insinuate that i might be gay , but they are aware of the fact that status - hungry girls have no place in my life .
whose place is this ?
the school was called posthwaite prep and guaranteed its graduates a place in eton , harrow , yale or any other university of note .
like the sale of his home and the move , everything fell into place with astonishing ease to which jazzy replied it was as if it was meant .
it was so strange that the place that she used to consider her freedom from life , had become her prison .
you always have a place on the island , aran said , giving him a hug .
a faint bit of background noise that was completely out of place in the silence of the tunnels .
or do you forget the reason i went there in the first place ?
shed deal with them after they visited the magical place .
cielo thought that the garden was a place of solace for both the aged and the nurses .
she might have triggered him to his old self the grumpy professor who did not like boring interns with out of place responses .
then in the dark cave , a place so foreign to him , odi heard something hissed .
why did he feel liable for the kids in the first place ?
she looked out of place among the larger boned , heavier , hill race of the jandos .
but then her mother would still be caught in the strange place she had lived , somewhere between death and life , and in neither of them .
after a fear - filled night with the watcher , the hope of such a place , a place where darkness and evil could not come , was sometimes all that sustained him .
she was surprised , for she had longed for a safe place , a warm place for her heart .
they took the listeners out of time , to a place where laughter and music spiraled up through the magic of a night sky shot with the shifting colors of the borealis .
they saw themselves there , in that place , saw their own beauty and strength and power , saw their borealis within and were not afraid .
he was more and more uneasy on basils behalf , but what he merely worried about took second place to what they knew , even if magic had brought the knowledge .
the space between light and dark is real place .
you think i have some power to change the way of the world in drear because of my fathers place in it .
she had the presence of the dead as they took in light and slipped beyond to a place i could not follow .
i believed people could all get along no matter how different and that everyone had a place in the world that could be respected .
i know this is out of place for me to ask and if by asking and you do nt have to say anything .
just as his feelings will lead him to his own place .
every citizen has a place in akea , and if this ugly mans duty is to take twenty arrows and still stand up to fight to protect me , then so be it .
my calmness will chase away his darkness , and he will always find his place with me .
these were the better moments the ones that i held a special place for inside my heart .
her words , as much as the energy that she passed onto me , brought me to a wonderful place .
one more word about how you were mesmerized by her looks and you would never find a place in this palace anymore .
there is no place for you in this land anymore , wind said coldly .
now you know your place , he said .
there were no trees as though its a place in another world .
its not as ostentatious as the one he had in kanelan palace , but it still looked totally out of place inside a tent .
the colors started to swirl and i would be brought to another place .
and she did nt feel it was her place to ask the chief any more .
all those who are not a part of this class will please proceed to vai place , said a large okawiian with a deep voice , obviously the instructor .
mina had long gotten over the corals interesting taste and texture , and now a unique reaction took place in her body : whenever she knew she was going to take it , her body began to crave itlike her mind knew that the mermaid form was coming and would nt give her peace until she took the coral .
a hierarchy that you learnt to find your place in , but there was always one girl who needed to prove herself , needed to feel in charge , to make others feel worthless .
a time is coming lizzie , that has no place for fear or doubt .
she said we should ' ve never been over there in the first place .
after that everything pretty much fell into place .
i still could nt believe i was there with him , that i was even dating him in the first place .
it does nt matter if kimberly 's birth took place in some u.s . military lab , she s a human being and my best friend who i missed so much and spent the year being depressed over .
nikolas always believed that if he could just find his place , his home , life would be better .
you must arise , nikolas , and take your place among the clouds .
magazine , that your place within a social environment is defined within the first forty - eight hours .
she was torn from this reality and taken to a place i can not follow .
you hold a very unusual place in his heart .
i can not tell you everything jez , it is not my place , eldeen has requested alice fill in many of the gaps , you are brothers , it is only right .
no jez , please , i ve said too much , it was not my place to .
i sit down and let the warmth of the sun calm my agitated skin , i wo nt go back yet , could n't go back yet , it was dark and that would be stupid , there 's that bloody word again stupid , my emotions are all over the place , i m like a silly schoolgirl .
why could he not remember what had brought him to this place ?
i incarcerated them in a place of darkness and silence where they could consider the errors of their ways .
the popular kids , the sporty kids , the brainy kids , the beautiful kids and then the ones that did n't seem to have a place in the school .
gees , it was n't even my place to look after lacey , i was n't her mother .
there 's something in it that triggers my mind , transporting me to a place where everything has a meaning and a reason to be .
it does n't matter that i will be leaving in two weeks , barcelona will always have a place in my heart .
i do n't want to open my eyes , i am too terrified to do so and realize that i am actually dead and i just arrived to whatever place awaits for us .
it feels odd leaving this place , for i know that had everything gone according to their plan , i should have come here only as a drop of silver memory .
i open the car 's door slowly , thinking about the last time i was here , how i closed dick 's car door and left , thinking that i would be free from all the worries that made me leave in the first place .
i open my eyes again and i am in a familiar place .
there 's no place for those who go against our ways . ''
i open my eyes and i am in a familiar place .
it was an odd sound , definitely out of place for such a rural area .
i was furious she could nt have cared less if i was dead or not , but i was even more irate at the notion she thought i would ve actually done something like that in the first place !
i found myself in an unfamiliar place .
she s always had a special place in my heart .
its a place !
it seems to be drawn towards those with tarnished souls , those who have a dark place inside themselves .
you would be trapped in a dark place deep inside azraels own soul , where he would keep you locked away , able to see , to think , to feel , but unable to do anything .
they were aware that strange and weird activities such as , witchcraft and more took place in their city .
too many strange events had taken place there under her ownership .
by now , many human party goers stayed away because of the frightening reality that spooky events took place for people who entered .
you see , the tutors all think its so good that it could be the one piece that swings a place on a degree course for me .
so why bring it out with you in the first place ?
the only difference now was that home had become a place i enjoyed being , a place where i felt comfortable and content .
we all accept that if your work is good then you should get a place on a degree course , but it does nt always work out like that .
what it all boiled down to was that , despite bens great oratory , i was to be expelled or sent down or whatever it was they did in a poxy little place like sleepers hill mining and technical college ; he would not accept the kind of violence i had exhibited and said that there is no place for me in his tacky little institution .
said teacher , breaking into a laughter which was loud enough to be out of place in the surroundings .
it was a surprise to me , then , on going to the studio to collect mccready , to find such animated conversation taking place between them .
and griff , he s given pride of place to your portrait .
what you mean is there s no place for these things in your life !
there s no place for them there because there s no soul there !
excessiveness takes a person places . '
i do not enjoy or appreciate your harsh words about my planet , my people , my place , prince rann .
a place shared only with her closest friend leoa .
and then he was gone , walking away and back to the group of three men who also looked out of place on this ship .
a permanent display of his place above his people .
traitors have no place in da'astiku . ''
she could not die in this lifeless place , this place that her soul rejected , this place where the elemental spirits seemed untouchable .
she could not die in this lifeless place , this place that her soul rejected , this place where the elemental spirits seemed untouchable .
she could not die in this lifeless place , this place that her soul rejected , this place where the elemental spirits seemed untouchable .
and suddenly , something clicked into place .
nothing seemed out of place , but i could nt find morgan .
nobody could stand such a place of death .
just as we approach michelangelo street , we bike past a master beating her laborer with a palkaa short , flexible iron rod commonly used to remind us of our place .
its not like she would have been able to handle these obstacles , and i was an idiot to think so in the first place when i came up with my plan .
i ask , having almost forgotten that i was upset at arthor in the first place .
she thought maybe he was mad at her for making him go in there in the first place .
the grey haired woman looks me in the eye , her bright youthful eyes seeming so out of place beneath her shaggy grey mop of hair .
he was handsome , for sure , but there was still something about him that seemed out of place .
no one cries that much over hearing good news but it was not her place to question her friend in this matter .
as i carried her through the frozen , midnight sky , i once more hoped that love would find its place upon her face .
my guess is that most of their activities take place underground .
this sight is an old industrial property on the outskirts of atlanta , ga . at first glance it appears abandoned , but just as with the outpost , the real action takes place underground .
i never should have left you in the first place .
it 's not my place to say . ''
dreams do come true ever since he was ten years old and started really thinking about his place on this planet earth jeff has told himself over and over again that absolutely anything is possible .
there is a place in the netherworld for you , and i will open its door .
now my focus is dwindling , my mind is shutting off , and the thrill of standing close to him has made me forget the reason why i came to see him in the first place .
to find your place in life , my mom said at the beginning of the school year .
it looked out of place even in his grandfather 's old house .
glen 's place however , was over the top .
an alliance of that strength would have guaranteed our place in the hierarchy .
it 's not your place to make decisions that will affect the world .
either way i represented his past , his mediocrity , and there was no place in the castle for his child or me .
sometimes you have to act to preserve your place in the world !
preserve your place in the world ?
remember your place .
for you see , the realm is the place behind worlds .
i came from another place , a place called earth .
standing there in the cold , living wind , he wondered why he ever kept his passion secret in the first place .
i felt awkward and out of place and i wondered why i had let carley convince me to text holt that morning .
there is one other person to ask , but it is not my place .
their distinctive black arrow head shape looked out of place amongst the more robust designs of the other vehicles .
i always knew my place was with the church .
threatening calls in distorted voices , hate messages , regular cases of vandalism and even sudden attacks just outside my home took place .
it was a fictional device , code for the breakdown in society featured in movies and books , but having no place in real life .
that s what you get , maybe , when you do nt see a place for angels in your lives ?
the break took place here , with a mix of drugs and hypnosis instilling the false memories necessary to maintain the idea that hermon was part of the wider world .
one minute they were there , fighting bravely ; the next , they and their surrounding orb of light had just winked out , as if they had never really been there in the first place .
i jolted in place when someone spoke .
combine that with my complete lack of skill in mathematics and the sciences , and you can see why school was unpleasant for me in the first place .
i ' m positive that it would n't be that hard finding a well - off family to adopt my ethan , preferably a caucasian family so that my baby could feel out of place and come back looking for me once i have created a good life for us .
the clinic , which has a waiting lounge , a bathroom , kitchenette and two bedrooms ; where surgery and post - surgery recovery takes place reminds me a lot of drus house .
and that means you hold a special place in my view .
when a soul enters this place some may call heaven , that soul remembers everything of their past .
i struggled to find my place in a world that did nt seem to make sense to me .
everything seemed to be falling into place .
chewy peered down at it , at what had grabbed his attention , and everything clicked into place .
i delved into her mind , felt our connection click into place , and overrode her will with minimal effort .
it is also the place where your magic returns and is stored until you are ready to use it again .
little conversation took place as bones piled higher and higher on plates , rolls disappeared , and quantities of potato salad were consumed , washed down with water , milk , and lemonade .
it was still wrong in the first place , but i felt good about what i did afterwards , if that makes sense to you .
how do i find the place , the idea between thought and speech ?
` ` she well , it may not be my place . ''
whatever ashwater had done with that ball it had sent me to another place .
that we will recover from this horrible place that we ve been placed in .
it was easy for everyone who already had a place at school to tell me not to worry , but the truth was that no one understood what it meant to feel like they did nt belong .
they wanted a rightful place in this world - and there was only one way to get it .
it was n't a great way to hide , but alex 's thoughts were all over the place .
she created this by being pushy , and by not staying out of my business in the first place .
i was the odd man out , the stray they found wondering around all alone and now they just let it hang with them because it had no place else to go .
my mind was all over the place until finally it shut down and i found myself drifting off to sleep .
and there it was , in that one statement my problems with carmen fell into place .
how can we fight against the being who gave us our yen in the first place ?
its part of the reason i fell in love with you so fast in the first place .
it was not his place to say whether or not the elders were corrupt .
there is a very delicate respect in place here .
what limits do kids place on themselves ?
we have a place in that village just as much as the rest of them .
there was certainly no place left for children .
its impressive twin - towered faade with its rose window would not have looked out of place in a small english town .
was there any way out of that place or was that the place what awaited them after life ?
was there any way out of that place or was that the place what awaited them after life ?
but there were only meant to be three souls in that place .
i do nt think we are going to get transported to another place now that we ve reached the middle .
he just felt something click into place .
and that little piece of knowledge helped things slide into place .
nothing seemed out of place , and then he saw something that was .
within the crowd , too , these terrifying transformations were taking place , a seated man abruptly sprouting huge , gossamer wings .
the spartans gawped in alarm at these horrendous transformations taking place amongst their neighbours .
i have to go back and rescue her from that evil place .
my father has been studying his entire adult life about the secrets of the universe and our place in it .
the abstractness of these thoughts seemed foreign and almost out of place as i went back to sleep to prepare for life as an ordinary school kid .
the depths to their understanding about us and our place in this world went beyond my minds comprehension .
we all felt connected but went to a place in us that was beyond our bodies and mind yet we remained connected , then there was a abrupt separation and i felt like a ball in the pinball machine just bouncing all over the place but i was conscious of where i was going and it was all over the twelve signs of the zodiac .
nothing was mentioned of those said implications it was just something i felt in a place that was beyond spirit and soul that pulled at the core of my being .
what are we becoming in this place and what we will it mean for us when we wake up from this trance .
a metamorphosis was taking place and we honored the anointment on the other side of the black hole knowing the responsibility that came when we came back from our journey .
hate is a strong word , perhaps not agreeing with the way he lived but knowing of his death i am sure will put him in a different place .
we took heed to their information as we began to take our place in the pyramid .
it is not about any of that we have to return the ancient ones to their rightful place and remove any obstacles to that effort .
somewhere , this place exists , if not in the hidden corners of my heart .
i can tell there s something he s not sharing , but it is nt really my place to ask .
she s always told me that everything has its place .
they said this policy was in place to eliminate any pranks that were planned .
like everything has clicked into place .
i m transported to another place in the magical realm .
the isle has built a special place in my heart , and i will be sad to leave this place .
it has a special place in my heart , and i m anxious about the next portion of our journey .
nearby was a replica of rodins sculpture the thinker , shining as a symbol of the brainwork that took place there .
and whether you accept what i am saying or not , those who grew up in the hood , know the truth of the matter , but it is not my place to throw it in your face and i will not provide an opportunity to detract from this story because i happen to be white .
according to pepino , business took place in the living room .
at first it was a tad overwhelming , but i eventually started to gain my bearings on campus , and began trying to figure out my place or role in life .
after a couple minutes , i had regained my composure and decided to walk across the hall to comfort 's place .
only to return to my place where i resumed bringing her up to speed .
* voice : ` ` some ninety percent of human interaction takes place in the form of body language . ''
it is what is and will ever be , a place with no beginning or end , a place in perfect harmony , with complete and absolute balance .
it is what is and will ever be , a place with no beginning or end , a place in perfect harmony , with complete and absolute balance .
where youth is valued more than wisdom , it is my prayer that an intervention takes place : visions , encounters , dreams , voices , etc .
i was acting like a kid and for the first time in my life i was in a place exclusively the domain of adults .
with all the pieces of the cordwainer puzzle falling into place , we made the collective decision that the time had come to move our whole operation out of zimmerman 's junkyard and over to the ghost town of pottersville , in preparation for our departure .
the outsiders had robbed djimon 's people of their natural place , of their birthright .
it was not , of course , his place to intervene .
i let her reference to his means go ; it was not my place to intrude with the truth , at least not at this point .
its not really his place ?
avalon itself was but a part of a larger world , a place remembered by some on earth as the garden of eden .
calibur was afraid , for he felt a power in the man which seemed to tilt the very rock beneath his feet , and time seemed to fly away , and he stood exposed in a place beyond time .
and where is that place ?
as he worked , he felt the hand of the goddess on him , enveloping him in love , and he felt the fire of the fifth element growing within , as he thought of rosa and himself in union , and of their place in the great dance and tapestry of life .
for the greatest things exist also for the little , and even ducks , especially when raised by rosa , have a special place in the goddesss heart .
all the action at vivid dreams took place on one floor , which could seat two hundred patrons comfortably .
his place in society might have seemed higher than that of others .
all arguments take place at the level of subjective reasoning .
they had their own building , of course , but the main events took place elsewhere .
does he have a place in your ideal future ?
if i could keep that in my head , everything else would fall into place .
will you come to work for me and help restore russia to its rightful place in the world ?
` ` you 'll be dreaming of this place once you are inside black dolphin . ''
patrick woke up in a familiar place that morning .
to honour his father and secure his familys place in the duat , he must focus on the here and now .
amjad was promised an exalted place in the heavens , a tribute of viziers upon his passing , if only he would divulge what he knew , and how could he not ?
the hor - aten will make those judgements , and your work here will ensure your place in his eternal grace .
her place in these lands was as a subservient .
just ensure you return our family name to its rightful glory and allow us to find our place with the gods .
wine and food abounded , the chanting of the priests of ra heard all over the land , heralding the return of ra to his exalted place in the skies and the eventual reappearance of life to the land .
even though akhenaten read everything his grandfather discovered when he freed the great protector and claimed his place amongst the gods , he still could not say he was sure how the artefacts worked .
the groups of a hundred or so men fanning out to look for the hiding place of the tablets , whilst the remainder began the process of pillaging the dead .
jethro intoned the dreams of the prophet and cast the spells of rebirth upon his simple ceremonys end , hoping that they had done enough to secure his place in the heavens .
the next day over breakfastonly one day until bunny would get here and all this would be figured outhe felt his gut click into place .
he made the decision quickly he just could nt take the chance of ever losing her daniel quieted his mind , he had to enter the voidhe felt the room ripple and found himself in a place he thought only to enter again with selah by his sideit was a large foyer made of stonethe ceiling was 50 feet tall , he saw statues surrounding him , of angels and demons battling .
ok lets get serious now , when you tried to talk to your mom your disrupted a natural process here , selah grabbed his hand remembering what maria had told her oh my god caleb can psychics see this place , could they know about it .
daniel had wanted to say something about it , but felt it was nt his place .
they all talked a mile a minute about all the strange occurrences that had taken place they had all seen different sights .
the weightlessness , fluidity of movement , she tried to jump into the void directly or actually throwing her life force towards the place inside of her that opened to that other worldly plane .
he slid to the familiar place he had been to many times before .
then as we delve deeper into our subconscious we begin creating in our dreams , the void is the place where dreams are found , along with nightmares , spirits , both good and evil , and not too mention all the deep seated fear we let loose in our subconscious mind .
the main characters in my novels have the power to go to this place without loosing consciousness .
the cross and the door , both luminous with grace , speak somehow to the dream girls soul a promise of meaning , of insight into her place in the world .
and in the second place , she had long been , to me , just one more of the people who d abandoned bridie the most recent one , in fact !
hoggs took kevins place beside me on the crate and did his best to take kevs place in the conversation .
she fluffed and cooed over him and false- started several times but , eventually , memory was the only place to go .
would there be a place in her mind where she actually now had to relive the experience of being held down , having her clothes ripped looking up into a face or faces that she knew ?
now its not my place to judge a man for what goes through his head when his kids been hurt .
but morrow was in a whole different place .
* * * following that , there was a blur of faces and lights and hands and something injected that left me , eventually , numb and alone in a hazy , dim , emotionless place with nothing but my own breathing for company .
to the extent that i could examine it , it was a fine place kind of timeless and undemanding far preferable to the world beyond .
my world and my place in it had changed again suddenly .
and yet , ironically , the only reason those fears exist is because people ignored , or rather were taught to ignore , their true nature in the first place .
you ll find that things will naturally fall into place , because your excitement leads you along a path that is specifically designed for you to experience .
well try to stop the bleeding , but the healing will have to take place somewhere else .
i ve found my place in the universe , their look would say , or at least i have nt fucked it all up the last few weeks , and something good might happen today , so lets see .
and pretty soon , things will start to fall into place and some crazy - positive things will be pulled your way .
the two orphans , james and rachel from the shelter , had no place in this family , so james let ra do the formal goodbyes and they went back to their truck leaving family behind .
maybe she should have never been with those owners in the first place , but why do we have to take her back just to kill her ?
places , as you know if you ve read this far , is a series of place - driven stories , where what happens is subservient to the place where it happens .
we can forgive him forgiveness has no place in the command of nations !
what place do you have in imperial city ?
marcus could think of a lot worse places to stay than peregoth , ancient founding city of the empirethough now her glory was faded like a flower in autumn , and the center of power had moved mainland , she still held a place in the hearts of men .
he has no idea what his place is .
the fast - acting poison was a much quicker death than he deserved , but surely his final resting place was hell , home of the dishonorable and evil - hearted .
the augusts of kings terrace lived in a different world , a place far - removed from the slums of the west side .
and i prefer to believe that punctuality and respect still hold a place in the kingdom .
i am sorry for speaking out of place .
everything was falling into place just as he had planned and he understood who he owed his new found success to .
it 's not my place to mediate for you two , ' he replied and turned to leave .
' some faculty members argue we need to offer more practical application as part of our training and to eliminate some of the restrictions currently in place .
but organization is not life , it merely allows for a place for life to exist .
flying higher , he saw more angels descending the mountain to take their place in the wall of defense .
you have disgraced the lofty position you were freely given and there is no longer a place found for you here .
for an old woman her eyes were unusually youthful and intelligent somehow out of place in the wrinkled face expressing deep awareness , compassion and sadness .
i just woke up in a strange place .
everything is clear now , felix could see all the pieces of the puzzle fall into place .
* * * * chapter 3 if a visiting traveler were to ask , what is this place ?
he had left it behind againthat ancient , intriguing place .
you told me of a place of volcanoes and forests , large animals and people much different than those of today .
it is not my place to know .
larissa said we could meet at seven so i stayed as sober as possible before going to her place in the bowery .
a likeable idealist who learns to accept his place in the world .
it was his place to regroup , his place to let go of his protective shield - his place to vent his frustrations and avoid the distractions of his routine chores on the main floor of the student union .
it was his place to regroup , his place to let go of his protective shield - his place to vent his frustrations and avoid the distractions of his routine chores on the main floor of the student union .
it was his place to regroup , his place to let go of his protective shield - his place to vent his frustrations and avoid the distractions of his routine chores on the main floor of the student union .
again , he turned to try and locate where the engine noise was coming from , but failed to find anything out of place on the nearly deserted campus .
i felt a little out of place but sally whispered in my ear to relax they would n't bite .
i was thankful to him that he had led me to the place in life that i was at right now .
in her own line of work as a corporate solicitor aisling had dealt many times with the various privacy laws in place around the world .
their journey today hopefully is to board a public bus to a town they picked from a lonely planet travel guide , a ferry ride across the bosphorus to a guesthouse and then tomorrow , hopefully a tour to gallipoli to step onto the soil , shingles and beaches where australian and new zealand soldiers stepped , and for many , their steps led to a place of final resting .
it was a place of yin and yang , five element balance , and that of chi , a place where auspicious energies react with inauspicious energies , and a place of spiritual attachment if the garden was in visualised as that of chi .
it was a place of yin and yang , five element balance , and that of chi , a place where auspicious energies react with inauspicious energies , and a place of spiritual attachment if the garden was in visualised as that of chi .
it was a place of yin and yang , five element balance , and that of chi , a place where auspicious energies react with inauspicious energies , and a place of spiritual attachment if the garden was in visualised as that of chi .
this was something of order , command and place , an architects dream .
histories and the spirits of that place locked in place , the physical presence of each place and the stories behind each , hidden or forgotten , a sense of reverence and place to be part of those energies , they being settled and time being still , a homage to them as they are cared for and respected by those who visit with them .
they all contain a spirit , and it is their collective spirits we receive when were within such a place .
spirits have followed us down through the millennium , and here we are in this sophisticated and highly technological age , asking , do we need them or is there a place for them anymore ?
sal , i met a bloke the other day , who talked about spiritual places and spirits .
wil had reached his place , here in the temple .
it was a place for those who lay under the earth .
the anguish of the place confusing wil , and he thought , are there places with their spirits or is that just crap ?
ta prohm was a special place , a sacred place , an experience and something wil was going to cherish and remember for the rest of his life .
ta prohm was a special place , a sacred place , an experience and something wil was going to cherish and remember for the rest of his life .
this place would come back to him as his spiritual quest matured and reasoned with itself .
but the bayan during wils second visit became a place of light and shadow ; they were playing with the spirits of that place , something so simple , just movements and interactions of light and shadow .
yin was trying to displace yang ; they were playing with each other within this place .
so he was off to da nang , a city not so much for the tourist , but a place of history , and within is located a museum , if nothing else .
he for the first time in his life felt the spirits and energy of a place , this place .
he did get up to the todaiji temple , and largest wooden structure in the world , but time never let him return to that place of garden spirits as wil had to collect his bag from the ryokan , have some lunch , and catch a bus to osaka and the flight back to australia .
is there a link between a places chi and its spirit ?
while another reference wil looked into , gil hales , the feng shui garden , suggesting the garden as a place of chi , influenced by its yin and yang and five element balance and our receptiveness to it is influenced by chi 's response to yin and yang and its five element balance relationships .
they knew they could grasp connectedness with it and relate to its needs and wants ; that of yin and yang and living things , and a places response to yin and yang .
whatever , where ever , it is something that drives us to that place .
they connected to it and it was a spiritual place for them .
the feeling of time and place , i keep repeating those words , time and place , thought wil , for some reason they ll haunt me , and i will repeat them .
the words , time and place still came to wil as its single expression of such a place .
yangon is a decaying city of british colonial architecture , of heritage , place and tradition forced onto the burmese by the british , but also a country handed by the british to the indian raj , then invaded by the japanese ; accepting the japanese , then turning against them to side with the british , then peace and wealth , then dictatorship from its military and sinking to where it is today .
here he was now within a place , a place beside fields of rice and tree canopied laneways , of thatched houses tucked away within trees and coconut palms , bananas , papaya and mango , the sun strong on the ground , and shadows dark under the canopy .
this , to wil , had become a place of spirits , they were alive and well , transported down in time from first human settlement and happy now to share this place with him .
he felt the place is the spirit and not the spirit being the place , and it comes to join with him .
to be one with a places spirits is a personal thing and they alone .
those spirits had their place .
the eight respond to the yin and yang of a place , and all the things that make up a place .
it was a disappointing conclusion for wil for he had travelled so far to reach this place to be able to move around it and potentially absorb its mysteries alone , by his own self .
yin has come to claim its place , and yang finding itself and exerting its presence through the shimmering lights .
it is not my place to be harsh about such a place , wil thought .
it is not my place to be harsh about such a place , wil thought .
he was returning to the place of enjoyment and her memories flooding back to him as he walked into the hotel .
sounds the only sha intrusion to this place and wil asking himself , can the chi of this place become something spiritual ?
letting their music settle , again giving silence place , kama mara returned to the recitative style , beginning to pace about rhythmically , he introduced new narrative material .
not being afraid to give stillness its rhetorical , musical , and dramatic place , added profundity to what she had said and to the moment .
the lore of early buddhism tells us that this event , whether apocryphal , or historic , took place at the estate of a wealthy land owner whose name does not come down to us .
he has found an inner dwelling ; a place in fact inhabited by buddhas of a bygone age .
in a talk given in 1909 , transcribed in a book called from buddha to christ , steiner endeavored to present a fresh context for the life of the buddha , giving his interpretation of the role of buddhism in world history and its place in human spiritual development .
india , steiner said , was such a place ; where the religious life which arose was the natural fruit of a looking backward to mans former union with the spiritual world .
a bittersweet story of love , lies and family secrets , taking place during a turbulent period of american history , when the perception of women and their role in society changed in one womans lifetime .
my place is here , supporting her .
william just needed to come home and when he saw her again , a solution would fall into place and everything would magically work out .
once that excitement settled down , the rest of the business community reclaimed its place in the spotlight .
at length the band began to slow down the energy , and the muse sat at the piano , facing directly toward ponceys place in the crowd .
mack could see into the prisoners mind , as he stared through his mask and through his window , a man somehow outside of his own time and place , forced into an existence where he could never belong .
then he would be able to rest too , without worry of conflict , in a place where he belonged , accepted without condition .
although cassies fate was inevitable , this time , along with the pain and sorrow that lingered like heavy fog , adam had another memory , stronger than the rest , vivid and hopeful and secret : adam remembered the day that he had died on that cold strip of freeway and awoke in a soft , white place with light so bright it burned his eyes .
thoughts and emotions drifted through his mind like dust collecting on a wooden floor ; he swept them away , worked to keep an empty , quiet place in the center , free of noise and worry and the world .
why punish me with such a place ?
imagine what sort of place that world will be !
* * * * * * at the extreme eastern edge of the mighty himalayas lies a place removed from modern civilization .
she needed to remember her place .
now that she had a firmer understanding of exactly what her place in this world was , perhaps she did nt feel worthy of his friendship .
he had been irritated with michelle all along for being careless enough to let this happen to her in the first place .
there is a place in the physical heavy brain called the occipital lobe where images are received and processed before they are stored .
the first was john marshall , asserting a place for the supreme court that was not envisioned by the founders .
amanda recalled the political horse trading that had taken place to reach a consensus on the constitution .
he put them away , like his memories of his mother , to a second place in his mind so they would nt haunt the working rooms of his memory .
standing before the wall - sized oil portrait of a distant ancestor , he felt far too connected to this place in time , and yet disconnected from it .
my place in your lives is soon to be in the past .
we do have a place .
this is not the door of a classroom , an old door that opens another place through this class .
she finds she s losing her place along a line from definition through the four choices given .
as the music processes the ministers down the aisle and toward her at the end of the service , she wonders if this place is for her .
apparently her focus was all over the place .
still , she does nt yet know who she is , these last few years having so radically altered her expectations , her skills , her sense of her place in the world , but at least she no longer believes she s him .
by the end of the book the reader may have many unanswered questions about our place in the world .
that doorway leads to a world where your soul goes between lives : a place between your incarnated lives .
every document has a very specific place in a specific case .
shali turned to sogui and continued : move to the place where you are between lives , and then look back at your experience in this life .
anger , fear , anxiousness , and boredom are all lower level emotions and have no place in your new world .
you ll see all of this fall into place for you .
yup , the key points i seem to have gotten are : fear is useless and generally will stop any progress , and anger has no place in the life of a god .
life is neither good or evil , but only a place for good and evil .
he would have felt as out of place as george w. bush at a spelling bee .
if you had to call in so many favors , why did you agree to back duval in the first place ?
i accepted the invitation to follow the inspector to his room , and we walked side by side along a sterile corridor with walls half tiled in sickly green glazed tiles which would not have looked out of place in a victorian public lavatory .
ohi think they have a place in ... where was it ?
i rode up in a futuristic lift that announced my floor and swished open with a sound that would nt have been out of place in star trek .
was it a lovers tiff , or was there something darker taking place , a deeper hurt that only manifested itself completely with taras death ?
millie knew she had found her place in the world .
that moved the conversation to millies new place .
more than likely , that was because his life as family man had taken place long , long ago , and had passed the collective memories of all the journalists and reporters that sought to antagonize the outcast that he had now become .
in lieu of the conventional classroom setting , this took place in a large laboratory filled with measuring equipment , test tubes , caged mice for running experiments , and various chemical substances spread throughout the room .
your place is not with them , but with me .
he felt more out of time and place than any moment since crossing transit one .
where d this take place ?
whatever had taken place definitely put him in a sour mood .
for her , the present is a very scary place .
he was accepting that they may even punish him for allowing the mess to happen in the first place .
he was nt even aware of his actions as his mind went into a place of its own , a place of self - preservation , acting on adrenaline alone , giving him more strength than he could ordinarily muster .
he was nt even aware of his actions as his mind went into a place of its own , a place of self - preservation , acting on adrenaline alone , giving him more strength than he could ordinarily muster .
when gil was handed the assignment she had seen the flaw in makabates plan immediately , but it had not been her place to mention it .
i guarantee it , pet , pete replied , his geordie accent seeming out of place on the lawn in front of this august establishment .
the sinaloa cartel felt that sonora was making too much from its relatively insignificant place in the food chain , and was trying to dis - intermediate contreras in order to increase its net .
for all his efforts jasmine had survived in the place shed carved out of his psyche , and he wanted to bring closure to a door that bulged , and threatened to burst open in his recurring dreams .
while he understood the place for bloodshed , he liked to think of himself as above knee - jerk reactions involving indiscriminate slaughter .
over the years , daisys supportive nature and affection had earned her a special place in annes heart .
20 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon it was people like them that made me sick of this hell hole in the first place .
silence fills the room , even neewa is motionless listening as jackie continues reading , the spirit being is seeking a resting place in the sacred burial ground , among all the others who have died .
which is to return home to its place in the sacred burial ground of our people .
it was not my place to answer her or even change my expression .
the question seemed out of place .
some of this was his idea in the first place .
i look forward with great enthusiasm to taking part in the debates that will inevitably follow , and in being a part of the difficult and complex pattern of decision - making that must be completed before a transition can take place i speak , as the house will know , for that part of the ulster population that has been so staunchly in favour of remaining part of the united kingdom .
i sit up and lean back against the wall , taking deep , but slow breaths as my body tries to realign its conscious place in this world .
every citizen shall have basic humanitarian rights , befriend thy neighbour and know their place in this world .
it is merely a civilian establishment and no misuse of its facilities has taken place .
it felt strange , somehow out of place , made her head swim slightly .
but this seriousness now between them felt morbidly maudlin , out of place ; bernard felt the need to lighten the mood .
felt out of place , wrong for them to discuss at such a time .
thereby assuring the gun pride of place alongside religious and ethnic discrimination when the founding fathers landed in america .
his caller was usually so direct ; this new ambiguity was out of place , unsettling .
but coming hot on the heels of the presidents strong stance against militias , that link would no doubt get pride of place .
the sky darkens above my head as angry clouds are fighting for their place in the storm .
why would you take me away , when you never wanted to be a mother in the first place ?
now that we were here , alone and vulnerable on a moolit night with no sign of whoever had lured us out in the first place , i realized that i did nt want to go back to the boarding house .
maya asked if i wanted to take care of their place in portland .
he begged them to stop , he begged for some sort of sanity to take place in his mind.he did not want to end up like mr . white , in the crazy wing of the hospital .
grab her , take our para - medic ambulance with bells , sirens , flashing lights and whatever else its got , and go like hell for her place in dulwich .
i had no place in that new world and was happy to see that she was , to the extent that i could determine , adjusting well and rapidly .
by the time he was two , he was riding the train from baltimore to dc with his mother every morning so she could participate in whatever hippie regalia was taking place on the mall that afternoon .
in two days he was scheduled to win the world title and solidify his place as the premier wrestler in the world .
rest assured that your place in line is safe .
as he looked at all the little cliques of wrestlers sitting together , and wondered which table would invite him to sit , he felt like he was back in junior high , trying to stake out his place on the popularity chain .
now , driving a rented ford expedition on highway 187 through west texas , into the purple of the fading sunset , with open prairie on either side and no taillights obstructing the view in front of him , joey felt profoundly different about his place in the wrestling world , and wished he had taken on a traveling partner sooner .
you come wrestle for me , and ill make sure you take your proper place in history among the all - time greats .
it did n't have any place for the arms .
now that they were actually in the room , monson could see that the low bulging ceiling that felt so out of place upon their entrance was due to a series of elevated box seats and balconies .
` ` well , you seem a little out of place here , do n't you ? ''
detached from the main portion of corens campus the classroom seemed out of place on corens campus , but nice at the same time .
she could n't even remember why she 'd been attracted to grant in the first place .
* whereas district farmers would notice a police or military helicopter , the giant one that landed behind the farmhouse on upper forks road had been hired from a local agricultural company and did n't look out of place in the district .
it certainly is an outlandish story and deserving of a place in the annals of any fairy tale anthology , though the details and outcome might prove slightly beyond the grasp of any younger reader .
it is of my irrefutable belief that ghosts and goblins have no place in our ever - so - tangible world , as all have valid and reasonable explanations .
had he followed us to this place , or was he , as he suggested , the architect of this disturbance as well as its caretaker .
this flow is so very foreign to me , but i am sure that , if i endeavour , i will manage to find my place .
he had no regrets about following her to this abandoned place , nor about participating in her barbaric rituals .
recognizing the boy as a bright and promising novice , he wanted to win him over to the righteous doctrine , as he knew angelo would one day grow to find his place of dignity in the vatican .
more often than not , such shady figures get away with it and even find their place in history , the story of their sins being told from one generation to the next .
he was a peaceful man who believed that all was the will of allah ; that god would decide what should or should not take place and would work his miracles accordingly .
thus , the reform movement of the 1980s , which was attributed largely to the insights and determination of wang chunqiao , one of the most important figures in the post - mao zedong leadership , took its place in the broad spectrum of chinese history .
george my friend believe me , at the end of this week the worldll be a different place , and you know what ?
you ve got it all so neat , nothings out of place , george complimented as she set out some glasses and took a bottle of wine from the pantry .
a big thank you to dennis who has never stopped believing that action has a place in our world .
slowly , the rest of the hamburger lowered back down as he struggled with the recollection in a place beyond the site of kiras eyes .
they looked completely out of place here amongst the steel and glass , and the bright young things who would build the jewels in the citys new crown .
after handing out the coded messages at the eiffel , i shifted my armor back into place and headed to the hostage sitea small room in the back of the galagnani bookstore along the jardin des tuileries .
i crept into pouffants lair and searched under tables and in the cleaning closet but nothing seemed out of place .
accordingly , i will update you on the dramatic events which took place this afternoon on the river thames , before handing over to tony skance who will offer an appraisal of the situation and its cultural significance for the olympic games , which , as of course you know , are about to open here in london .
the key to this place , unlike most keys , permits itself to be found only on nights such as this , when i have drunk deeply enough to set aside daytime scruples .
when i first saw the town , in the late afternoon , with its buildings reflected in the dark mirror of the miskatonic river , i knew that i had come to a place where something waited for me .
now , in the church in bolton , years later , sitting on the hard wooden bench , with the voice of father duranti droning in my ear , i remembered the rotting leaves and rotting plums and michael oconnor telling me of the place of life and death .
hiram west , on the other hand , had an inexorable quality that assigned a place to everyone within conversational range and absorbed them into his entourage , willy - nilly .
the flesh of his face was not blackened and swollen as i would have expected , possibly because death had occurred before this process could take place .
that was one of the reasons i approached him in the first place .
as it turned out , that worthy fellow met with a bad end when the station was shelled , and it fell to me to direct the removal of the wounded to a place of safety .
so , for that matter , was i. peter runcible had finally found his way into a coveted place in miskatonics administration , and i had been appointed principal cataloguer and department head .
it may be that one of them brought it back from some distant place .
he stared past me in a way that would have troubled me had i not already been troubled , and said , fire and darkness , the sword , the putrescence then the twisted road the place of life in death .
my pilgrimage would be incomplete without a visit to that place .
as far as alma halsey was concerned , the grave on which she had placed her propitiatory flowers that day was indeed the final resting place of herbert west .
it was a souvenir of his first day in the detention centre when he had yet to establish his place in the hierarchy and an unexpected head butt had floored him after he had questioned the right of another inmate to some of his cigarettes .
florence nightingale would not have felt out of place in this dump .
suddenly he knew that this place that he could nt fathom , that was overturning his every sense- was the last place he would ever know .
his old friend has found a place for the teachings of the astra today over on the other side of the world , surely , in his tribe , he can too .
she is enjoying what she considers to be her long overdue moment as she continues ; the astra is about understanding , it is a peaceful place .
could it follow them to other astral realms , such as here , a place we have effectively created ?
if it is enough to kill lai surely it is obviouswe have no place here !
i thought back to his biography , which held no place for a man hiding codes in his books .
the feelings were out of place but they were there nonetheless .
i can not understand how you were led to this place by your great - grandfather .
earth and sky fled from his presence and there was no place for them -revelations 21:11 mankinds affliction with the physical and the spiritual has surpassed what anyone could have expected .
the priest craned his neck in an attempt to gain a concept of what kind of ritual was taking place .
it was their celestial home , the true place of the medians , the root of what they were and all that they knew .
buildings stood as a testament to mans echoed legacy that had no place here , the only reminder of its continued existence being the occasional shimmer of a car , static in place for several days , imprinting itself upon the fabric of this reality .
his mind drifted around the street , probing into the story high buildings finding nothing as it went , only an increasing sense of harrowing emptiness now he had opened himself this place .
it was a place of absolute absence , the incarnation of nothing ; it was the void of souls , supposedly the true afterlife where time and space do not exist to the beholder for one does not , in fact , exist to behold .
if millaian is , indeed , who we think he is and he came back from the other side using a ritual in this book then there has to be one he used to get there in the first place !
it is not our place to deal with the matters of your plane , and he is now exactly that , he fell silent for a few seconds before crouching and leaning closer , still obscured by the snowy air , though we have watched and seenhis ties are of your world , the ones he controls .
leave this place , the words moved forward with no force or malice , only the pure presence of true thought to direct the spirits that walked his world .
nick had been ready to become a recluse ; he did nt believe there would be a place on earth , anywhere , for him .
i know you do nt , because if you did you would know a mothers place is by her childs side .
its just that everything has fallen into place remarkably flawlessly and i do nt want to delay booking my flight home , he taunted .
the good book says , a place for everything and everything in its place .
it was our own little place in the world and we made the best of what we could .
the iranian embassy siege of 1980 took place in the area , when six armed gunmen took twenty six hostages in a stand - off that lasted for six days until the sas showed up .
and in that moment , everything fell into place in archers brain like a jigsaw , as if someone had just shaken the box and all the pieces suddenly fell into position forming a picture in his memory .
still , the eerie stillness of the dark and dreary cabin interior reminded him why he 'd thought to include helena and peter in his plans in the first place ; he certainly would n't object to having either of them by his side right now .
he had no inkling of the uproar taking place inside the house - and ernest hoped it would stay that way .
we ' ve simply no place for a dog in this house .
to come to radcliffe university is to come to the place where satan fell from heaven and straight to hell .
my life is being managed and dictated someone or something else and i am in now in a place where i am being pushed and pulled in directions i have never thought existed .
i will always hold a special place in my heart for jennifer ryan .
much like these things , i was always seeking my natural place .
but i feel this is my natural place .
but something about her checking account had been bothering her for a long time , something out of place , not in the right order .
that growl turned into a snarl as our surrounding went up in flames , burning the dead and wiping all evidence to indicate that there was ever a battle to begin with in the first place .
the relaxed life of the base had to make place for the strict regime of a military operation .
a group where everyone trusted each other and where there was no place for secrets .
she had retreated to this place to finish her lifelong work on the comparison between the world 's largest philosophies .
no , there should , actually must be place for religion or spiritual life .
together we have convinced the political figurines that such a controlled war is their best option to safeguard their positive place in the history books .
although the word started seemed to be out of place here .
1994 dr . henry kissinger announced publicly there would be a new world order , and the u.s . would be forced to change its perceptions of the world and its place in it .
i mean i see those things for a moment , but then as i focus , i come into a clear , peaceful place , where there 's just me and the flower .
he did nt have a hair out of place on his gorgeous head .
he accepted his place in the scheme of things .
but for the worst of usthe most tormented of usit will not depart , and it draws us down into the depthsto the place the ancients called sheollike a man with too many clothes trying to tread water in a stormy sea .
passing by the very same wall of bones , patrick recalled that first visit and became sharply conscious of the fact that his father , his former guide in this and so many other matters , had himself been placed in his final resting place .
he was aware of the warmth of the blood spreading out over his torso , and he knew in some abstract place in his mind that the wound was serious .
in this place , time was frozen , and the actions of the living had no impact .
london september , 1904 patrick stood at the marble railing on the second floor overlooking the intricately tiled floor of the palatial bright clubs central saloon feeling out of place within the central headquarters of the stiff , british upper class .
although he preferred watching the women for more time before he actually made contact , everything was falling into place so well that he knew it must be right .
no , i want to be responsible about this , but i also have to think about others who may be at risk from the people who attacked me in the first place .
it will all fall into place if we look in the right place .
seeing your closest buddy blown to hell by a child suicide bomber makes you question why you are there in the first place , and after that you have the chilling feeling that you ca nt win such a war .
the shame of his fathers final act and his brother leaving this way took kelvin into a very dark place , and he followed his father by taking his own life .
almost all special forces missions take place at night and done under total secrecy .
one of the articles he read outraged him when it said that indoctrination was taking place in americas schools .
perhaps we no longer choose to claim he is divine , but that makes him no less an embodiment of japan 's special place . ''
our capital will no longer be kyoto but a place beneath the seas , where there is no sorrow . '
` ` in the same manner , noda - san , japan 's important place in the modern world brings special respect to us as well .
japan 's rightful place in the new world order was only now coming into its own .
in the new russia being born , there was no place for them .
the place where all this occurred was the palace of knossos , lovingly restored in the early part of the twentieth century by the wealthy english archaeologist sir arthur evans .
` ` glad to know i ' ve had a place in your memory all these years , even if it was x - rated . ''
through this project the ceo had set into motion a plan that would soon alter dramatically japan 's place in the equation of world power .
thinking about it now , he wondered why he 'd ever bothered to have one installed in the first place .
he was floating , on a journey he had long waited to take , to a place far , far away .
there could be a place for you in my organization , despite all that has happened between us . ''
ambassador , you will not be surprised to learn that this country is well aware of the gross violations of the nuclear nonproliferation treaty that have taken place since pakistan refused to sign in 1968 .
it was so unprecedented it might even merit a place in the annals of military history .
it could have been the sound of a single explosion , even though it had taken place at the two opposite entries to command .
i say , the brit said , putting his head on one side as the tumblers in his brain sought to click into place .
the anger of a man against the locomotive , against the progress which changes myths and steals jobs , the anger of those who can not find a place in society .
and what was her place .
a place that exists nowhere but in a computer , a non - place that makes the impossible possible .
a place that exists nowhere but in a computer , a non - place that makes the impossible possible .
perhaps , it was you they wanted to kill in the first place . ''
others , obviously infected by the comments of the two men , began to talk about the painting , and , attracted by the ruckus that was beginning to take place , more visitors to the gallery came over to the improvised group of art critics .
7 thoughts of a wider world and my place in history were far distant as i travelled the road of the damned .
i revelled in the social freedoms that come with wealth and a society that feels really rather smug about its place in the world .
it is an osmotic process by which you absorb a locale and a sense of your place in the world .
i was grateful to get a glimpse of this strange place called normal life , a world full of half - revealed facts .
daud talked about losing his mother to cancer when he was five years old , and about the dark hole at the centre of his life , a place of shadow that existed still for him in spite of the crowding of the world by responsibility and family .
his face had a smudge of black from eyeliner he d put on this morning , a morning that felt like it took place decades ago .
they made him appear in the complex and took him out of the cell , but why bother having him appear in the complex in the first place ?
however , after observing the monkeys for thousands of years we saw no evolution - taking place .
nothing seemed out of place here tonight .
during his years of grief it would have been a place of escape for him , a haven from reality .
forgive me , loco chita , i was misled ... may ussen grant you a place in the tribe .
but after the stupid mistake back in lockdown , he now wondered if he d misjudged the place of his heart in all of it .
but there , in his townhis ancestors townhed never really felt out of place .
he said a black man had no place being the sheriff of sublette county ; that the good people of wind river could not place their trust in a man like james pruett .
so much had happened ; the world for him was a place he no longer recognized as his own , nor even the same place he d woken up in the day before .
so much had happened ; the world for him was a place he no longer recognized as his own , nor even the same place he d woken up in the day before .
in her ink - marked arms , an acoustic guitar so customized with psychedelic drawings and stickers it could definitely find place in a postmodern art exposition ( in the same way a pink brick with a rudimentary image of a kitten carved on it could ; its postmodern were talking about ) .
strange as it might sound , she stopped moving for a moment and then all of a sudden action took place again , with a presumably feigned attribute on it .
she extended her hand to me as those waiting for an engagement proposal but took it back after a single second and i knew it was nt just because that reference felt a little out of place .
now , it was all so crystal clear to him , everything fell into place .
but it has to do with my place , my life .
i said mockingly , it was my place and he came in uninvited .
of course , it was all a matter of perspectives , he thought , his lifespan was too short to observe alterations taking place on the planet .
there was no place for him under the sun , and he knew it .
the fight between yvonne and tammy was already fading from the collective memories of most of the class , replaced by new fights and melodrama , and was taking its place among the great stories of middle school lore , but not for riley .
could what have happened been what i had hoped for , that she was delivered to her rightful place ?
april 4 , 2012 what do you do when their body tells you no , but your head screams in protest , to know that the sweet scent , of forbiddingness , is calling your name , you could never let it in , never let it win , but that 's so much easier said , then done , look in the mirror , and say that you are pure , that you ' ve always fought , i ' m willing to bet , you ca n't , or wo n't , give yourself the chance to say your body won out , over your mind , because while i ' m as honest as it comes , i can say that i have , but do n't feel bad about this , we 're called animals , with animalistic urges , for a reason , april 5 , 2012 the human mind , longs for connections , and asked to be loved , what is to be left , when we are deprived , of the emotions that we so wish to find , where does it leave us , when those who we wish , so much to have interaction with , leave us out in the cold , are we better , or worse people , for the lack of interaction , or is it all , just a mind game , made up to show us , that the world , is nothing more than a cold dark place , that we chose to see through our own eyes , april 6 , 2012 i was lost , in the shadows of a world , that asked not to know me , then you came along , and helped me learn , there is such a thing as love , and you helped me learn , that you do n't have to be perfect , to be somebody , because of you i am becoming a better person , every day , with you , i can do anything , without out you , i am nothing , april 7 , 2012 the sun is my motivator , my distraction , my contractor , it gives me hope , where there is none , gives me smiles , when i ' m down , gives me everything i need , to feel like something is being done , but at night , when the sun has gone away , the demons lurk in , to strip away the motivation , and i ca n't even move , that harnessed ability , to do nothing , sticks with me , while the sun is down , i can just hope , that i can make it til sunrise , april 8 , 2012 the book tells you to celebrate , and the calendar says that you should , get up , go to church , and celebrate the resurrection , but let me ask you a simple question , why ca n't we celebrate in our homes , in fact , if we are to follow the god of our choice , why does it have to be in the confines of a church , can you tell me that if i do n't go to church , and celebrate with your kind , that i ' m no better then you , can you say that makes sense , when your god , loved us all , am i the hellion you believe i am , you 'll never know , which i ' m fine with , because in my mind , i ' m as good as i need to be , and the fact that you want nothing more than to treat me bad , then that 's fine , because come the day , we 'll see who s the real one of the group , because truth be told , if i ' m not good enough in his eyes , then i ' m willing to bet money , that you re not either .
the number was 432836 and read goodbye my angel , i 'll save you a place in heaven .
he was so out of place in the area .
you need to remove yourself from this place ; free your mind and wake up .
it is a place where processing takes place at the sub - molecular , or quantum , level , rather than the atomic .
it is a place where processing takes place at the sub - molecular , or quantum , level , rather than the atomic .
i could feel my eyes welling up and my thoughts were all over the place .
despite feeling like i had two brains , it was all starting to fall into place for me .
and he was now taking his place in history .
ben started to wonder if perhaps he was dead , and in that place that religious people called hell .
and now , here in this otherworldly place , beyond all rational explanation , was olivia , alive and well , on the other side of this mysterious door in the darkness .
but i finally got all the answers i wanted and found my place here .
the clues quickly fell into place , and ben realized he d just fired on the love of his life .
faraday gave pinchley a nod , and the pathologist in turn nodded to his subordinates to return the dead to their place of slumber .
now it is everything to place ) .
he had moved from the physical world into an ethereal one that radiated pure power and creativity , a place stripped of memory triggers and commercialized patterns .
a place where there was no socio - political climate to squelch his individuality , where he found a kind of peace , became centered , communed with the gods .
turning , he scanned the inside of the garage , but saw nothing out of place in the darkness .
the whole house was a place of madness crammed full of sickness .
nicholas could be taking him down a road that led to his death , to paiges body , to a place worse than hell .
that night , as sara slept , she had a horrible nightmare that was so lifelike , she felt as she had been pulled into another place through her sleep .
its not my place to make suggestions .
well , that puts my paintings in their place .
the money pays their wages and keeps my wife and daughters in the finest fashions that their place in venetian society demands .
i mean , he s probably very embarrassed about the fact that the police took his sample in the first place .
he had spent the last thirty years in london as the portrait painter , jean de la place .
tella tried hard to hide her shock as the pieces of the puzzle fell into place in her mind .
but de la place he shrugged .
soon after the portrait william trevelyan had commissioned was given pride of place in trevelyan house , william departed to india on business .
he explained that he thought that barry would agree and that there should be a place on a research team for him , given how he was instrumental in the discovery .
but now she knew whose place they were occupying .
lydia looked a little nervous but they had explained to her earlier about the weird events that had taken place since their arrival .
and did we get a place for everybody ?
it was special to james dean and jimmy and held a special place in a small clearing .
its all falling into place , replied dan in a monotone , still staring about the valley .
aside from the small pool of water the rest of the ground had a collection of leaves , needles and small branches rotting into the soil that begat them in the first place .
it looked out of place compared to the other demolished homes nearby that were still lived in .
the patels looked out of place , she thought : although they were smiling patiently at everything going on around them .
david tried to steer the situation to a more neutral place .
unfortunately , patricia felt as much out of place at the law centre as she did in the courts .
at this stage in her life , patricia spent a lot of time brooding , not so much about the lower classes as about the legal profession and her place in it .
but for matthew the sense of history taking place on his doorstep was accompanied by an uncomfortable feeling of obligation to be part of it in some way .
the sort of lawyer who worried about that would have no place at the criminal bar .
it was a nostalgic choice of venue ; recalling the afternoons spent in the crowded bar , ralph sharing his odd opinions on everything and matthew hollowed out with doubt that he would ever find his own place in the world .
i did nt remember him at all at first , but you know how it is , you let them run on and eventually there is some clue and the memory clicks into place .
but the tone of what he would say seemed out of place here .
we did nt feel miss keppel looked to the floor , we did nt feel as if it was our place , somehow .
he wondered if the dentists and toothbrushes thing might click into place next .
she said sternly : if you had been more forthcoming with my officers yesterday there would nt be any need for this interview to take place at all .
but just as important as unity is to this species , culture has a special place in their hearts and minds .
rena laughed quietly , feeling out of place in guys american lifestyle .
the walking instrument of death has no place in a world that is not constantly torn by war and discord .
the espionage case , however , had underscored her true value to the community and cemented her place in the nsa .
without your actions , the world would be a very different place today , a place i think no one was prepared to deal with .
perhaps his anger took him to a place beyond expression ?
why had i ever got involved with him in the first place ?
according to their advice , mothers in kirstens situation should request a place in a residential family assessment unit , where she and her children could be observed and evaluated without being separated .
if he d told me before , i would never have got involved with chris in the first place .
again , with the steadiness of her gaze , any pretence felt out of place .
it might have felt out of place for rodriguez to suddenly step out of that mould and get serious , start probing durrant whether he really wanted to die , or what had made him feel that way ?
watching the reaction in francine durrants eyes as jac explained his dilemma with her husband was like viewing one of those old - fashioned , jolting - frame movies : pain , regret , fear , sadness , smiles and triumph though the last were rarer , fleeting seconds , and always tinged with irony , as if they had no place amongst such an overriding swamp of regret and sadness .
for larry , it was the library and his books that would let him drift to other places in his mind .
what happened next took place over an instant , but time stopped as it took place .
many of the more significant changes which were taking place in my body were overlooked because their research was not extensive enough .
these creatures were not from genation at all , but they had been called to this place and they were here to study and unlock the secrets within it and support the blue swirl .
the changes taking place were not a mystery , i was experiencing volk puberty .
violence had already taken place in the room as a broken computer and monitor lay shattered on a cart and bullet holes riddled the ceiling .
do nt argue with me , this game has no place for a goody - goody .
no , brother , it is as you said , there is no place for us on earth .
eddy 's enthusiasm was well out of place in grizz 's opinion .
you would cast this place , this gift , aside ?
be courageous and wise and look deeper within yourself to find a place of mercy for your brothers of the red twin .
this put her well away from miguel , who could nt exactly hover nearby with the doc in his usual spot the place of power behind it .
another piece of the puzzle fell into place , but it was still fuzzy .
i know he 's alive ... .all we have to do is find him and everything will fall into place .
simon was still unsure how everything seemed to fall into place : the assistance by inspector lau , the malaysian pilot , the italian officer on the plane , and finding accommodation in the house of an old spymaster .
when i decided to make the death of hank curtis a murder , everything fell into place .
but there was just dust left and the monks had long since left it which now was a godforsaken place in bellarmines eyes .
anyway , so , if i remember it correctly , according to our previous research thoths book is hidden in the theatre , which has become its final resting place .
when august had talked about the theatre all had fallen into place .
i have witnessed more deaths than any man can comprehend , taken enough lives to ensure my place in hell .
we were just another group of violent animals , foolishly striving against our own inability to recognize how tiny our place in the universe really was .
all things change with time general , he said with a tear in his eye never forget that you might wake up one morning , ten years gone from here , and finally be at a place where you can fully give yourself to her , perhaps even forgive yourself .
george was a little overweight and clumsy and perhaps he was the one who seemed most out of place in africa , with the exception of the johnsons .
they had spent enough time in the vehicle for it to feel like a place of security even after what had happened and even though it was now a useless wreck .
kevin said gentlemen i apologise for this attack which has taken place on my premises .
we both arrived at the same time , and a vicious struggle for possession of it took place .
the bigger question is why would a vullen let themselves get caught in the first place ?
with a smirk , and a laugh , i say your place , or mine ?
things seem out of place here ?
i was floating all the same in my happy place , the faces above one , and my happy place was this .
i was floating all the same in my happy place , the faces above one , and my happy place was this .
it was because i suddenly realized , given the circumstances , that i should never have brought eric here in the first place .
suddenly all the pieces fell into place : the techy with tara checking hebbards computer .
she had tears in her eyes as she said it , and with her drunk and emotionally weighed down the question did nt seem , as it might at many other times , ridiculous or out of place .
however awkwardly i might feel about what has happened , i think i should in this instance give my feelings second place .
two men on the doorstep will just ensure more doors closing in our faces , or them not even opening in the first place .
most of them were nothing out of place , the usual round of present and past business associated , friends , golfing partners and neighbours .
carl looked out of place in a restaurant emphasizing crease styles for stetsons rather than a rare wine selection .
i d never do anything to keep you out of your rightful place .
she seemed impatient for answers , but elaine would ve been also if their places had been reversed .
his mind touching reality occasionally , before bouncing back up again into an endlessly changing place .
he was nt home much and officer davis believed that a womans place was in the home .
she remembered watching the count of monte cristo , and there was the carnival at rome , taking place sometime in the early 19th century , and those people had those little masks that were attached to a stick and held up against their faces .
i suspect if her mind had been in a more pleasant place shed have thanked me instead of being hardly aware that it happened .
it did nt take long to conclude that this was nt a place of god , but teeming with godlessness .
show it to jason castle , let him know it was black as night before he finds his place in hell with the rest of the politicians .
sorry for the inconvenience ... below that , a familiar emoticon that deserved its own place in the angry jonny hall of fame .
the upscales had no place for a suspected murderer .
no longer remembering what had brought her there in the first place .
taking jason castle down was my life when angry jonny took that away from me , there s not much place else i had left to go .
if we take the same idea , and think of past not as a place but as a time then what we have is the old area code for all of los angeles two - one - three .
i always get a surprise when someone i ve known for a short amount of time introduces me to someone else as their friend and i never even considered them to be my friend in the first place .
the tarp was easily five square metres in size and the bright blue colour of it looked very out of place in the dark lounge .
val thought there should be a special place in hell for airport architects .
the governor , well he had cemented his place in history already , over a lifetime of public service , so his intentions could only be noble , even if terribly misguided .
i do nt know it myself , just came down to me , not my place to question to it , and certainly not yours .
greg was right , he was entering a new , tricky , and undefined place .
nothing looks out of place , bob said .
believe me , in about two weeks you ll find yourself in a place you never imagined .
still , he talked a great deal about the lord and how he knew that if anything happened he would be welcomed into a place filled with joy .
i had left home to find my place in the world , moved around a little but never too far from home .
not only did he feel out of place with the music , most of the people in the coffee shop were so much younger late teens , early twenties .
her lips were covered in black lipstick and her eyes were highlighted with black and grey red lines that would not feel out of place in an sm film .
it suddenly hit wall that sir was said a lot back in the states , but here in a foreign country it seemed to be out of place .
she was so impressed with his work ethic that he received an invitation to an in - person interview to take place in one week 's time .
the testing that would take place on various samples would be extensive .
by the time anyone realised malfeasance had taken place , he would be long gone .
we ve already discovered the espionage angle to this child trafficking ; that s how we got involved in the first place .
that has its place , but it should serve , not lead .
a bright white classroom with neat rows of desks is empty with the exception of mr . borinski , who sits at the only out of place object in the room , a large worn - out wooden desk .
i remember my dad trying to explain to me as a child how the german people could allow such monstrous acts to take place .
he also needed to do it without putting himself or them in danger of being hurt by the thugs who orchestrated the attack in the first place .
and yet she would be the victim of some kind of accident , but how and where would that take place ?
she needs to take her place in my life as my esposa ( wife ) .
mann paused a moment , a vision of her arse rotating before his dilated pupils ; it was a surreal place that he inhabited from that decrepit sofa in angel islington .
strangely , she considered the fact as if she were musing on the fate of a stranger -- everything seemed completely unreal , as if the events were scenes from a distant place .
you re not going to go back to that awful place are you ?
she needed to return to the reason why she had studied law in the first place .
she had nt been sure her marriage was worth saving , but sitting there telling bill her story and seeing him listen and watch her so carefully , charlotte began to remember why she had fallen in love with him in the first place .
robert stood as i approached , smiling in a way that reminded me why i d fallen for him in the first place .
i ca nt understand what invisible , arbitrary , and completely imaginary signal she created that drew her to me in the first place .
surprisingly , an angel took me to a crystal place .
my return to that place which i saw as heaven is near .
not my place to tell .
young men moving out into the world , trying to find their place , having future plans made and a past left behind .
` ` true , but it was never my place to ask .
a very fastidious person lived here ; it certainly was not his place then .
her box , supposed to house his fantasies , was a place where he could escape too when he needed , a place that was not real and could not hurt anyone .
mat was typical of an undereducated male , slightly intimidated in the face of authority or someone of higher intelligence , unsure of his place in the world , wanting to give a good impression but putting his foot in it in the process .
` ` i did not see anything of him after that , he never tried to contact me and i thought it was not my place too contact him .
she had no place in it all , which can be very hard for a girl with the type of feelings she had inside her .
then bit by bit , day after day , she found her place in it all .
the past was a murky place and the participants all had something to hide .
for those black - void years , the ones leading up to the accident , i just had fragments of people , places , sounds , voices .
i took a few moments to try and put some of the pieces in place , but my mind kept coming back to the sequence jepson had given me .
you could say i drink to numb the pain , the pain from not being in the place i want to be - at work and in life in general .
moreover , the us had nothing to do with it , he said , referring the large - scale regulatory reforms that took place in the aftermath of the 1997 economic shock .
all government business would take place in hindi .
he saw his place in the global spread of disease viruses .
what i meant was , why do you think they needed to plan to leave in a hurry in the first place ?
well sort that out later , but there ll always be a place there for you .
after two years , it all seems to be falling into place too easy .
his newer rental car was out of place in this rundown part of the port populated with pickup trucks with beds rotting from hauling equipment and gear soaked in salt water .
let me leave that place for a moment and come back to this world , though i must admit that in the leaving it is like i am allowing the taste of a previous sip of lemonade to linger on my lips and filter through my body before lifting up the glass and taking another , said windsor , now opening his eyes .
immediately donald grasped her hand , kissed her gently on the cheek , and turned to zachary , saying , the loss of edbert and elvin were the most difficult tragedies that i ve ever experienced in my life i ca nt quite place why but he seems phony and on a more theoretical level , what is your opinion of herods curse ?
so thecmrpositive males are much better adjusted with their place in society than thecmrfemales ?
samantha replied , or maybe thecmrpositive thurmond males have sublimated their desire to eat black flesh by eating their male children who they sensed to be weak , akacmrnegative and therefore they are happy and content with their place in society , while thecmrpositive thurmond females have not done this and therefore they are not happy and content with their place in society which brings me back to my original thought : thesecmrpositive thurmond fathers are psychopaths just as windsor is a psychopath .
samantha replied , or maybe thecmrpositive thurmond males have sublimated their desire to eat black flesh by eating their male children who they sensed to be weak , akacmrnegative and therefore they are happy and content with their place in society , while thecmrpositive thurmond females have not done this and therefore they are not happy and content with their place in society which brings me back to my original thought : thesecmrpositive thurmond fathers are psychopaths just as windsor is a psychopath .
however , he soon realized the answer , it was the same answer that he had proposed when presenting preliminary results and herods curse hypotheses to omar and samantha : thatcmrpositive thurmond females had personal adjustment scores considerably lower thancmrpositive thurmond males because thecmrfor thurmond females was closer to the forefront of their minds , and thus , more aware of their discontent , thecmrthurmond females were less satisfied with their place in society .
yes , perfect , like all would be right in the world like everything would be in its proper place again .
kolby will always hold a place in my heart .
her theory ( and biting words ) flashed through his mind : or maybe thecmrpositive thurmond males have sublimated their desire to eat black flesh by eating their male children who they sensed to be weak , akacmrnegative and therefore they are happy and content with their place in society , while thecmrpositive thurmond females have not done this and therefore they are not happy and content with their place in society while zachary saw no evidence to indicate that thecmrpositive male thurmonds had eaten their children , it was obvious that she had been on the right track .
her theory ( and biting words ) flashed through his mind : or maybe thecmrpositive thurmond males have sublimated their desire to eat black flesh by eating their male children who they sensed to be weak , akacmrnegative and therefore they are happy and content with their place in society , while thecmrpositive thurmond females have not done this and therefore they are not happy and content with their place in society while zachary saw no evidence to indicate that thecmrpositive male thurmonds had eaten their children , it was obvious that she had been on the right track .
but these jellies would sting me right back to reality and zachary noted that all living forms have their places in the order of existence .
they think that that place is still out there somewhere , which is awful when you think about it .
but such things can not be the world is a place of contradictions : man and women , black and white , life and death .
unfortunately , the video did nt explain the why ; it did nt tell me what had driven her to cheat on me in the first place .
not our place to get involved , '' surfer - dude said .
i just do n't know my place in the great scheme of things , sometimes .
i croaked , remembering the reason i d come anywhere near this yard in the first place .
i ignored everything except that tv , that other place on earth that it showed me , that it promised access to .
so it was not my place here to punish a man who had changed his stripes and begun to make a decent lifestyle for himself .
obviously i could nt sleep , because the authorities were coming , but at long last i felt i occupied a place that was comfortable enough to allow me to do so , and i really wanted to .
now i was hoping that it had a special place in connor sullivan 's heart .
now , he closed his eyes to allow the pieces of a puzzle to fall into place .
a major rebuild of schools and hospitals will take place and ... john interrupted hang on a minute guys , this country is currently bankrupt where is all the finance for this coming from ?
the presence of a muslim official in a predominantly muslim area was not out of place .
if she was summoned during the day , outwardly gerda showed no emotion or reaction to the sexual abuse that was taking place .
nothing seemed out of place there .
what 's out of place ?
looking hesitantly in the door before as he had in the kitchen and seeing nothing out of place , he went in .
merle never looked back nor did he miss the habit he d given up and he could never really seem to remember what had brought it on in the first place .
she had nt been thrown from the car and she was not among the injured accounted for , that left one place .
the overhead lights turned on , glowing more brightly than they should have in the first place .
closing his eyes , he concentrated on breathing and relaxing ; with a fourteen - hour flight ahead , all he could do was try and shift his mind into a peaceful meditative place and say a silent prayer that it was all going to turn out okay .
at those times , although a part of him knew that his body endured pain , with his awareness removed to that other place , he did not actually feel it .
38 named in honour 2009 at first appearances , the black man , benjamin , had seemed out of place amongst the likes of de jager and johan .
plenty of debauchery that was sordid enough was conducted there at parties , but the sort of business that took place in the cellar in the city house was not part of the life at green thorn and he remained in blissful ignorance of it .
yes , but when we went to collect his payment , he invited her to his yacht , told her he would show her his place in jamaica .
he never saw her as corrupt , but as someone who was simply out of place .
it is not for the sake of my people , who have kept the old ways and have been promised a place in the next world .
vandalism , violence , and destruction have no place in a democratic country and greece does not have the luxury of such protests in such difficult times .
there s a place for us , jane sang .
what can i do to make myself valuable , necessary , indispensable such that i have a future in their high wealth orbit and hence a relatively safe place in the vast unhinging scheme of things ?
whereas , only twenty years ago most scientists would never have seriously entertained the possibility that time travel could actually happen , breakthroughs in physics and mathematics now described several ways in which , under specific circumstances , time travel could actually take place .
or perhaps they never heard them in the first place ... nevertheless , they may have seen something , so when our ships find them , we will try and intercept them and question them .
that it still occupied the same place in space , but at another time coordinate .
i met with kate and we discussed the possibility of something extraordinary taking place , and what she should do if it did happen . ''
the ring is the key to being able to cross physically into the earthly realm , a place we call the level of the body .
carly looked totally out of place here to judith .
i know its not my place , but time changes stuff , ya know ?
these old stores held a regal place in coles memory .
so , where is this place ?
it is just that shock has set in , you know the steps they say that take place after you suffer a great trauma .
` ` this is the place where the living help to delight death . ''
they reside in the various rooms of his skull , a place known as the bone house , and take turns rearranging the furniture .
it was no place for him .
how she got messed up in the first place , that s what i want to know .
so , as i look to the future , i use this place to shield me from the past .
the block chain serves toconfirmtransactions to the rest of the network as having taken place .
he could feel the crocodile spirit sliding back to its watery place .
having reached this place in her mind susan suddenly felt good again about david coming .
she had come to understand that this diary was a private therapy place for him and not everything he said in it was fully true .
as i reached that place , i found myself inside sandys dream , and she was also inside my mind .
perhaps it will win , the trial court will find me insane and i will spend my life locked up in a place where i have only dreams and memories for company .
it was crazy stuff , like her mind was living in a separate place from reality , but the harder people pushed the greater her resistance and withdrawal became .
and slowly she forced herself back to a calm place , but still with implacable rage .
it was only when we left england that she seemed to come back from that place of rage .
she found herself unable to read , she kept losing her place in novels and found that little made sense .
i was behind something and it seemed that there was some place inside .
she felt he wanted to cry out for salvation , but something he had done earned him that place in the car , sealed the doors shut for his journey into a waiting hell .
we all might live with one another inside these walls , but the outside world is a very different place . ''
the ceremonies have to be done correctly , or the spirit will not be able to return to its sacred place .
geoff said i could finish my medical degree here , so everything has fallen into place perfectly .
his glasses were a set of thick metal frames holding thick lenses , which seemed out of place perched on the nose of such a gaunt face .
what took place inside of him whenever a child was needlessly affected by violence was hard to describe in civilized and structured language .
there was nt any rhyme or reason why these novels had a place in her heart , but they did .
before being able to switch his studies to medicine , ashe found himself seduced by forensic psychology , understanding the place where psychology and the legal system collided , appreciating the minds and methods of convicted criminals .
one , two , three , four , five steps and we reached the top , to an inconspicuous door that had no number , but a sophisticated locking mechanism that seemed out of place for such a seedy area .
they looked out of place in this dingy room that seemed to be held together by despair and a bad plaster job .
the bedroom had a simple bed with a humble quilt that was entirely out of place in this house along with a crucifix hanging over the window .
an aspect of that image snapped diaz back from the dark place he d been inhabiting .
the moment all the pieces fell into place i glared at phillip .
something clicked into place .
obviously your mind had taken you to another place .
if anything was out of place , she was upset .
but at first sight there seemed to be nothing else out of place .
the whole meal was a subdued affair with very little conversation , and what there was of course took place in italian .
your place is with them .
nothing will make me return to that place while the vitelli control it .
chee meng grunted and took his place behind the wheel .
hence , they believe , hell is the proper place for marcus tang .
it was important for me to affirm his place in my life .
i intended to have a place in my heart for marcus for a long , long time .
i talked to him about the place of god in our lives .
the words place between places floated through elizabeths mind , but she was nt sure what the significance was .
the pet helped to fill that hollow place left behind by the tragic loss of loved ones .
the house , too big for a retired bachelor , looked out of place in this poor , rural community as if it had been plucked out of a new subdivision in st . clairsville and plopped down by a tornado on this spot .
because i believe healing takes place thereheart , mind , spirit , and body .
remembering the story joshua and billy had told her about the miracle of buster 's healing , she wanted to see the healing place with her own eyes .
this place was not hers .
he might not have thought it too out of place had they not both stopped speaking as he approached from the stairwell .
he was never a heavy drinker and seeing him with a beer was a little out of place on a public street .
their weapons were both still lying there on the floor and upon more observation they saw their uniforms were torn in many places and each had what looked like a large bite on the neck .
he adjusted his posture with a slight grunt as he extended his crushed leg , allowing for improved blood flow and then reached over to the small desk and picked up the captains log and handed it to veronica , its time you had some answers my lady and perhaps the best place to start is the very beginningyour name .
the smoking ban had been in place for several years , yet the restaurant still reeked with the smell of stale cigarettes .
albert was finally content ; content with his place in life .
there was a place for everything in the dodo club , the patron would whisper to the newest of members , if you had the money and the inclination for it .
placing the needle of the player onto the first groove of the his prelude in c - sharp minor , i was transported to a place of deeper meaning .
` ` i do nt think i ve left things in a good place with the management . ''
what was my place in this ?
` ` it is not our place to ask questions , '' said lemaire .
` ` that they were hoping to ' dress for the occasion ' get into a place they had no place being , if you follow me . ''
the salesman glanced at my poor chevy which looked distinctly out of place in all this opulence .
my nostrils were assaulted by a familiar smell that seemed out of place in this neighborhood .
his cheery manner was completely out of place .
something is out of place about chillings , she thought , and his company .
now that were able to sustain our places in the world , we can move on without them .
your morals are all good and noble , but they have no place here .
but heroism has its time and its place , and that time had not yet arrived .
but then my memory suddenly slipped back decades where it found a resting place in lagos , nigeria .
at that point , all the pieces of my mission fell into place .
technology had no place for heroes , anymore .
even their heavy breathing was obvious enough for her to know some form of violence had taken place .
simply my proper place in history .
the yacht seemed out of place as it roared by the scores of cargo ships waiting in the channel outside the harbor mouth , steel behemoths lined up in an aquatic traffic jam .
when things fell in place the way they did , i knew that was nt the case .
he 'd worn his best suit but still felt out of place amongst the toffs and art dealers .
the cogs in her mind clicked into place and she understood the plan .
nightingale verbalised his thoughts , ' what was this place and what is that doing here ? '
the song leader quit swinging his arms as if he was a rooster in pursuit of a fleeing hen ; the pianist lost track of her place in the music ; the fiddle player dropped his bow ; and the hundred or so parishioners rubbernecked with several audible gasps .
selena came up to the middle of the staircase , immediately recalling why she started to hate it in the first place .
two of them i had never seen before but they look completely out of place in a lawyers firm .
she knew she would have to hit paris and then america back to back , before the security measures were in place .
no nipping in the bud before it unravels , unless there is absolute knowledge there is no place for it on earth .
before opening the door to leave , i cast a look trying to find anything out of place .
i could not fathom my place in this new community .
if money could buy you a place in heaven , this is where you would purchase your first - class ticket .
i decided to ask for his forgiveness when it was my place to do so .
he had fallen asleep thinking about the painting , but woke up thinking about lin ming and the unusual interaction that had taken place with her family .
jian had to know that something unethical had taken place .
the accident , back when it happened , had made marty alone in his grief , a place he always expected to occupy .
he had been the dude giving the demonstration that the filthiest place in any persons house is not the floor beside the toilet , nor underneath the refrigerator , but rather the mattress they sleep on every night , in their bedroom .
- her place .
they clean another apartment across town where this mans opposite , a meticulous nerd who has nary a crumb out of place and probably does nt need a carpet cleaning any more than scott needed to take grandma up on constant offers of dinner , has an itemized list of monthly expenses laying on his otherwise barren kitchen table , and argues with doris to the point he stammers , what i m saying is , that machine has no place here !
we have a perfectly acceptable place in the animal kingdom , too .
imagine a place where nothings held sacred , then try to picture how youregonna hold onto what matters in your own life .
in the bible you were taught that heaven did not have a place for everyone , that loved ones would be passed by or worse , longing for them the price one paid for holiness .
no birds ever ventured near to this place of misery .
when i discovered this sweet hybrid called swango , all the pieces fell into place .
they looked like sea sponge washed ashore and dried in the sun till brittle and stiff , out of place in the hardy woods but magical and mysterious for that very reason .
bernice and will were in a better place if only asleep and not asleep in jesus .
however , development only took place around the woodlands ; and in the later centuries , the woods gained environmental protection and assumed the present name of middleton woods , the green lung of leeds .
as for the racid children , the social services intervened after the arrest of their parents , and after being interviewed , were taken to a safe place of care .
the emotions surging through charles took him to an unfamiliar place : into a realm of pure hopelessness .
there had always been a special place in his heart for john .
people come in here for different reasons , and its not my place to get involved in their personal business .
the room spun around her , as she felt herself spiraling down into a place of no escape .
she felt the room swirl around her , pulling her into an unknown place .
i increase my speed slightly as my mind drifts to that unconscious place filled with pass thoughts .
i ask her what she knows about jesus and a place called heaven .
all my worries evaporate , as i am carried off to a place even more heavenly .
i do nt think its your place to challenge her .
josh came in and hurried over to take amys place and help bash sit down in the recliner .
the next afternoon , around four oclock as close as she could figure out , she had awakened , hurting in places she did nt even have places .
though they were dressed in tuxedos , they looked unnaturally out of place in the plush surroundings .
carol sat up and looked at the woman.she had hired linda herself and had worked with her for only a short time , but knew she was a person of integrity.linda , '' she began.would you be willing to document your view of what took place in that meeting ? ''
she had always been driven to succeed.and despite her terminally rebellious attitude , she had some milestones to be proud of.carol had assumed that the counseling field would be a caring and compassionate place to settle in.but it had not turned out that way.just like any other place in the world , there were good people and bad.the only thing noteworthy about the mental health setting was that the bad ones were full blown lunatics .
what specifically took place during your evaluation to lead you to this amazing conclusion ? ''
she appears lost and so out of place in the twenty - first century .
jack still has yet to find his place in the world .
you do not have to believe that it will change our place in the world ; all you need know is that it is important to me and to those of your brothers and sisters who do believe . ''
he probably would n't recognize howell as being out of place in the building .
as the transformation took place , had this young boy wanted the sweet release of death in order to avoid hurting those around him ?
as we neared the exit , i heard a slight breath that seemed a little out of place on my far left side .
we all understood what had taken place over time as the humans ran out .
that reminds me , i never asked you , why did you decide to follow me in the first place ?
then again , i am not to sure how we adapted in the first place .
it was a place to call home , in the crazy world he lived in .
perhaps he says coolly , perhaps someday we will put some laws in place that punish emotional violence , and not just physical violence .
the home that had once been a place of comfort was now a place of pain .
you know , it might not be my place to say this , but you do nt have to face this alone .
her mind was in another place .
she liked order and for everything to have its place , even though that preference often times collided with the swells of an angry storm brewing inside .
paul searched the room and noticed nothing out of place .
` ` mom , dad does n't really have a place in my life .
to jolene and alex , they were having a dance of their own , each determining the other 's place in kyle 's life .
he struggled for awhile , trying to find his place in the world when the world was rejecting those who had served .
as he defined the agreement , man should worship and serve god here on earth , and in return god provided a place of eternal joy and rest in the afterlife .
the only things that seemed out of place in this period - piece setting were the desktop computers scattered about the room .
dee 's head rolled and his eyes gazed around him as if he might be waking up in a completely unfamiliar place .
in the photo theodore raines looked out of place in his casual clothes , and it was hard for danny to imagine him climbing in an aluminum fishing boat and motoring up the little red in pursuit of elusive browns and rainbows .
bad teeth , health , ideas , depression , suicide , and finally a night where i felt strong enough to take a walk through the worst of my nightmares and see if i was truly over the drugs , the life , the weaknesses that had led me there in the first place .
her nudity seemed so out of place on the city sidewalk .
that s important for the peace of mind , i suppose , the man said , unsure of his place in the conversation .
she knows , and is resigned to , a very bad place in economic history .
and why did kathleen feel it was her place in life to point out the weakness in others ?
when she saw him full on , everything fell into place .
her eyes lost focus as though she were looking into some far off place a place that was not open to invitation .
her aunt 's reaction reminded her why she had wanted to keep her meeting with jude a secret in the first place .
it felt out of place amongst her tormented emotions .
it was not my place , he said .
lukas leaned over her , anger and sorrow battling for a place in his heart .
we found a place in nova scotia , i told him .
when i was a child , growing up in our home in the countryside on earth , i spent hours poring over those landscapes , embellishing this place with an eye , this place with a mouth , this place with a sun with my awkward childs crayons , changing the color of the sky , here , of the house , here , imposing a kind of symmetry , a kind of order to their random world , or increasing its chaos .
as far as i understand it , voltesso n36b has a bleaching agent component which causes a chemical reaction to take place when it is exposed to ink .
maddog murdock takes you to a dark place of mayhem and murder .
yes , doctor , little old you , a former pandora recruit who happens to be the real reason that we ventured down to this shithole in the first place .
a multitude of doorways to places where magic was real , a world beyond the one he recognized , all kept in balance by an ancient group of what were they ?
esther smiled , but it felt out of place .
i wanted to remove him from this place of torment , but deep down i knew that was impossible .
a full investigation is taking place , even now as you and i speak .
here he was in a place he had always wanted to see again , a place he would sometimes dream about with such clarity .
' someone once said that you had no place in civilised society . '
the grandson says , but the older man countered : ' i disagreed , of course , and i remember replying to that christian bishop that he might like to consider whether he himself had any place in a modern , civilised society .
i was deeply moved and yet conscious of a great exaltation as though my whole existence had led darkly up to this supreme moment and now suddenly everything fell into place like a complicated jig - saw puzzle and i saw before me the whole design sharp and crystal clear .
the trick is to make all born - again baptists believe that a place called heaven is within reach for those who walk the straight and narrow .
dressed in black he looks a little out of place in this neighbourhood , but these days people are too caught up in their own world to worry about others .
that pen had pride of place on his fathers desk , whereas he and michael had been discarded and ignored .
a special place for ethiopian coptics ?
like a basketball team that s been playing together for years , everyone knows their place and can move and act as one , without speaking .
feeling so awkward , so alone and so out of place amongst everyday people in everyday situations .
and that our minds still desire all of the sin that caused us to go to hell in the first place .
in greek mythology , a place in the afterlife where people who 'd pleased the gods were sent .
this was a room for the staff , so extravagance had no place .
from his place in heaven , he would watch dale 's growth into a man ; he would watch lucinda grieve and then move on and find love again .
when dale threw a glance past him , to the soldier , it all fell into place for jacobs .
if we try too hard to back up this newspaper story our man will get jumpy , it is nt our place to take sides in a medical inquisition .
she looked collected with not a thing out of place .
something seemed out of place .
the events that took place at dreamland were absolutely bizarre though .
greed , backscratching patronage ... quid pro quo : all were employed to secure his place at the top .
` ` you may ... . '' ` ` i do n't believe the bible has a place in planning for the end times .
at the mention of jesus ' name is when it all started to take place for the young man .
and night after night seth could n't keep coming home to his son , look him in the face , and tell him everything was hunky - dory ... nothing out of place .
serena told all of us from my townhouse that true hatemongerspeople like james carter , michael stanton and luna belle have no place in pandoras view of the coming world order .
because they were so different kate always wondered why sam had bothered with her in the first place , but they got on like a house on fire right from the start , almost like sisters .
something was going on , something bad and her special , private place had been violated , spoiled forever by an evil force she could not name .
it was beautiful , you could see the ocean and boats floating on their moorings in the summer , but he felt too out of place there .
their place in maine had too many memories from when casper was still around .
she did n't think anything was out of place .
a place for everything .
i know that its probably not my place to give advice , i said after a while , but have you ever considered getting some sort of job where you do nt get shot and put in jail and horsewhipped ?
as you can see , i m not in a good place mentally at the moment .
everything here had its place .
this music was completely out of place here .
she looked like a child , and the serious expression looked out of place on her .
the lights were on upstairs and i could see nothing out of place .
` ` i am getting to your place in this , '' he said .
what is interesting , as i look back on it , is that he never asked me if i was willing to help in the first place .
in the meantime , there s a problem taking place here that i think i should bring to your attention .
the conditions of the island and the obvious expansion of construction taking place on it , are causing a great deal of speculation .
you have to ask yourself the question , does the sumatran tiger deserve a place on this earth ?
i think we can all agree that the sumatran tiger , which has been on this earth for twelve thousand years , deserves a place in our future .
the united states has obviously been experimenting with biological weapons that should have no place in civilized society .
` ` yeah , i was hoping once we got her home , things would click back into place . ''
they do n't deserve a place on our planet .
as he walked deeper into the room , he found himself remembering what brandy told him about some of the tunnels being older than the city , carved out of the earth in ancient times , and he shuddered at the thought of standing in such a timeless place .
he walked to the nearest passage and peered inside , looking for anything out of place .
the lost resting place of the primordial ooze from which all humanity crawled once upon a time .
our place is in the field , obtaining evidence for our clients , because our clients are suspicious of the target .
i was nt this excited last christmas probably because my dad gave me a self - help book on finding your place in life .
it was i who had led it to this secret place , and now i know that even if i could find the sword , the one weapon that could kill it , that this is what the serpent wants .
and all this took place in beauvais .
an oubliette is a place of extreme darkness and despair ; a dungeon where a victim the only hope is to die .
he was wearing a dark suit with a blue tie that made him look curiously out of place in the jamaica inn .
this is your place , its where you were meant to be .
i give my place up for you .
just as jeremiah had wanted , a place in the middle .
` ` why did you work for her in the first place ? ''
a place in brighton .
it was the call of an old , frightening , fascinating place that had josie baylor - bates spooked .
maybe that was why hannah never found her place in the rayburn mix .
there was n't a comfortable place for a man his size even in this hunk of hummer metal ; there was n't a comfortable place in his mind for the thoughts that had been dogging him for days .
i m sorry i had to in the first place .
i would ve been hiding in shame if i d been her , which i never would have been in the first place .
anyway , an event that would make someone use the word , gown probably was nt a place for me .
i know it is nt my place to tell you how to do your job .
look , i m sorry that you and i never got along in the first place .
i wander around the edge of the courtyard , and ca nt help noticing the reason why i isolated myself in the first place : giant commemorative posters of my far spread on the student and fellows notice boards , which sprang up organically the minute my fars obituary came out .
she looked down and saw that her suit was filthy and torn in several places .
we all know that a lot of illegitimate activity takes place in his so - called legit pizzeria .
caught in between a place of semi - consciousness and cognizant - shock , alex just let the van take him where it would .
ultimately his decisions are his and it 's not my place to question or change him . ''
i was impacted a lot by the restart of the murders ; though i suppose they never really stopped in the first place .
you must be strong and find your place in this world .
plumbs of smoke billowed from these holes as these old , mighty ships descended to their resting place at the oceans bottom .
` ` i have no place in spokane , '' reid replied quietly .
` ` i guess it 's a stupid question but , you know there will always be a place here for you . ''
it seemed that everything was fitting into place after all .
i have gone away to a very special place , a place where i am very special ( at least they tell me so ) .
regardless , we all felt a little out of place sitting in the obviously inexpensive hopper as we slid through a harbour of opulence .
he is out of place , a tourist , a lamb for the slaughter .
mannerisms out of place .
he screws up his eyes , yawns , and as his sense of time and place returns he remembers .
a moment , an idyll , a place of worship , and in that moment he truly loves her , briefly and without question , and continues to do so until he recognises the sounds of the promised land for what they are ; tyres on ribbed concrete , car doors slamming and leather soles on gravel .
it might take a while to be certain and he has a vague sense of another conversation taking place .
he was gone to a place far away , to an ever - present past .
* * * the taxi was all gassed up with no place to go .
in place so constricted , of course that would happen .
it was called that because , at some point , someone had been clever enough to coin it as representing the place between heaven and hell , and the name stuck .
it was odd behavior , especially from one with such a high standing in society and a place on the secretive advisory council .
i gave you a place at my right hand in the paradise i created .
` ` well unfortunately , '' elijah responded , ` ` your gut feeling wo n't hold up in a court of law , but you ' ve given us a place to start .
upon hearing the report about the hit and run accident that took place on the 407 on june 30th of last year , all the pieces began to fit into place .
the zionists agreed with us that the jews have no place in germany .
boricio looked around the loft nothing out of place , at least not that he could put his finger on .
she was easily reminded why they were such good friends in the first place .
i know you have n't forgotten why you 're here and what got you here in the first place . ''
the continuing dream took place in skyler 's apartment .
many of her nightmares took place on boats .
i tried both doorknobs , a blip of curiosity , had they been left open for me , some last place of rest , my last hours to be spent in the room of one of my potential victims ?
there was no sign of anything out of place .
professor had translated that the man was too old and had no place going there to look for treasures .
though she urged herself to repress them , they came flooding back of their own accord , an unpleasant hiding place from her dark reality but a hiding place nonetheless .
though she urged herself to repress them , they came flooding back of their own accord , an unpleasant hiding place from her dark reality but a hiding place nonetheless .
kathy was , therefore , their chief suspect- although at this point there was not enough information to determine whether a crime had even taken place .
his podgy , leering face appeared quite creepy , even from a distance- he could have been uttering a stereotypical evil cackle and it would not have been out of place .
the first thing he could be certain of was that he existed because he was thinking ; that when you are thinking , it is certain that you exist in the moment , in that place .
yet he was not in the same place as her .
normally he would have been discreet , but given the general atmosphere of panic he figured that it would nt look out of place for an employee of this establishment to be ruffling through papers in an urgent manner as if searching for an important document .
tell him it is not my place to decide if this should be destroyed , but he should stand secure for only the worthy will be able to reach it , if even then .
caves were places of the underworld , sacrificial places and such , not usually for living .
anna was at a loss as to what either party would do , rock or vitori , but she knew her place was central to whatever choices were being made .
so it is in the race to build the worlds tallest building : at the precise moment you are drawing up the plans which appear to guarantee your own constructions place in the record books , when your own building looks set to stand on top of the pedestal , news will come in of another structure , perhaps on the other side of the world , which is set to attain those precious few extra inches which consign yesterdays hero to tomorrows also ran .
construction of the two colossal buildings progressed side - by - side , brick - for - brick , with the bank of manhattan completing first and grabbing its place in the record books .
you were not prepared to accept your place in the world , you were going to work and battle until you had achieved ... what exactly ?
the great cathedrals of europe are similarly inspirational ; the finished structures standing as testaments of the power of faith , the bricks pointing the way to an unobtainable earthly place , way beyond their physical height , showing believers the first step on the long route ahead .
although only half the drop of angel falls in venezuela , the artificial cascade that chin was secretly hoping would be named after him , would find a place for itself fairly high up the list of worlds tallest waterfalls , and at 555 metres - the proposed final height of the rooftop of the wendelson building - would certainly be the highest man - made falls in the world , and only 100 feet short of dudhsagar falls , the tallest waterfall to be found anywhere on the asian continent .
precisely how he had managed to return to his lodging the night before , he was unable to relate : not for the first time in his life , martin offered up a silent prayer to the guardian saint of drunks , the nameless * individual who always seems to look after the well - being of the overly inebriated and guide them back to a place of sanctuary when their own physical body and mental faculties are not working sufficiently co - operatively such that they are capable of helping themselves .
in his delirious condition , some things had suddenly become crystal clear : martin suddenly knew - with certainty - the extent of this jungle and his place within it ; was conscious of what a minute and insignificant speck on the landscape were , not just his transient self , but also the river boat on which he was travelling , and even the river itself ; a thin blue line traversing a great unexplored wilderness of green .
the next three days were to see him take his leave of the hospitable pygmy tribe who had bemusedly and good - humouredly fed and sheltered him during the period of his grief , and then , by way of foot , canoe , truck , and ultimately the hot and crowded bus on which he had eventually arrived , brought him to the prophesised place of lakes and volcanoes .
martin recalled the enigmatic outcome of his earlier divination ; the words of the prophecy which had brought him to this place of lakes and volcanoes .
i m not the one consigned to maintaining garnets place in construction history .
what place in a world for religion , if every fact were known for certain ?
joe felt out of place and unequipped for what was happening in his life .
come on danny let 's go home , there is nothing we can do right now , then he put his arm around his brother , which was no small feat considering his size , haldol still has its place in the world and you know what they say danny , there is nothing new under the sun .
he could nt handle being confined in that place , it was like a prison to him .
by doing what we did , we created a way for them to do that , to have their place back in the market .
we both found out the hard way the police force might not ve been the right place for someone as sweet and sensitive as adam .
my older , sinful self had assumed religion wanted you to give away all your money , that charity was like buying a place in heaven and i wanted no part of that scam .
if you want to see ruthless competition , watch a patch of prairie grasses choke , tear , and strangle each other for a place in the sun .
when they went to see a game , lucas sat in conrado 's seat , a place of honor for anyone , as if a king had frequented it at one time .
chuck walked back to the kitchen , his sharp , brown eyes searching aimlessly for anything out of place .
so how had fate put something together so nicely , something that brought her to the edge of whispering pines , something that had shoved her closer to chuck in a way that felt odd and out of place in her life ?
i can only imagine how you feel but you better find out why they wanted matt out of the picture in the first place .
shoot blake , who do you think taught that boy in the first place ?
i should never have let him see it in the first place but he was so determined to find the truth about whispering pines .
right and it was the car that made me realize something was out of place about everyone thinking tom veal was married to abatha .
the political arena activities forever found a resting place within the mans mind and were retrieved by simply sorting through the files of his brain cells like a librarian sorting through an old card catalog .
scores of families lined up early to earn their children a place of prominence to sport with the president and first lady .
joe could almost see the puzzle pieces falling together into place .
the mexicans knew their place , and the hill people were expected to know theirs .
` ` it 's not your place , '' she said .
she wanted lots of snow , and for some reason she had chosen montreal as her place in the world .
in an oversize fox - fur coat , her fingers glittering with diamonds like cruella de vil , she looked uncomfortable and laughably out of place in the dismal box of a room , a visitor from another world .
grace had taken her place in his subconscious , his dreams .
` ` but a man has been murd - ` ` ` ` a formal investigation , '' kohler said , his voice firm , ` ` will take place .
just last week the harvard school of divinity had marched on the biology building , protesting the genetic engineering taking place in the graduate program .
and they understood their place .
vigilance and discretion are my duty ... such that spiritual matters can take place here with clarity of mind .
actually , there 's probably no more earthly place in rome than the pantheon .
` ` why the hell did n't you figure that out in the first place ! ''
the rest of the puzzle fell into place almost immediately .
` ` satan 's work , '' the camerlegno screamed , ` ` has no place in the house of god ! ''
padded gloves and above - the - belt rules had no place in his world .
` ` but i ' m guessing your place in chicago does n't look like this . ''
serious east coast style , a little out of place on the west coast and seriously out of place in a denny 's on the west coast .
if new age 's place was a clock , he was stopped on the four .
` ` dean 's place ? ''
according to lore , the brotherhood had created a map of stone - a clef de voute ... or keystone - an engraved tablet that revealed the final resting place of the brotherhood 's greatest secret ... information so powerful that its protection was the reason for the brotherhood 's very existence .
the goddess had a place in the nighttime sky and was known by many names - venus , the eastern star , ishtar , astarte - all of them powerful female concepts with ties to nature and mother earth . ''
a weapon of death has no place in a house of god .
rumors existed that the priory had vowed someday to bring the grail back to france to a final resting place , but certainly no historical evidence existed to suggest that this indeed had happened .
everything is falling into place , he told himself as he headed across the dome to the work area of michael tolland .
a place on the president 's team ?
delta - one reminded himself , however , that it was not his place to question .
the thoughts of historical spirits suddenly made rachel realize what a sacred place this room was .
` ` what place have they got ? ''
she was lonely , you see , and that i did n't understand i never understood why she threw over her whole life to come out to the island in the first place .
not joe junior ; he puts the ' pitcher of the house on the front of some of his campaign fliers - it makes him look like home - folks and the voters like that , i ' ve noticed - but he never felt it when it died because he never really loved it in the first place .
then the small dark man took his rightful place behind the wheel and u - turned through the dust and headed back to the highway , cruising easily .
she looked small and out of place in the yard , like an orchid in a trash pile .
the lowly parma team barely clings to its place in the prestigious series a of italian soccer .
maybe something like : ` ` i guess you ' ve finally found your place . ''
kate lane 's picture still had pride of place on the table .
no one is saving a permanent place for it in the national archives . ''
he felt he was dressed for the boardwalk and thought he must look a little out of place in the city .
he was forced off onto a narrow wooden pier and made to line up single file and then made to run toward the city , past a staging post where the second phase of his military training took place : two quartermasters were doling out loaded rifles and spare ammunition clips in an endless alternate sequence and chanting what later struck the zec as a poem , or a song , or a hymn to complete and utter insanity , over and over again without pausing : the one with the rifle shoots the one without follows him when the one with the rifle is killed the one who is following picks up the rifle and shoots .
` ` a lot of things clicked into place after that .
we ' ve been doing it for around five hundred years so i suppose it 's got its place in the scheme of things . '
what is this place ? '
recently there took place at the thunderbird hotel in the parish of westmoreland a meeting of what can only be described as foreign gangsters of outstanding notoriety , including representatives of the soviet secret service , the mafia , and the cuban secret police .
a faded woman with a screw of orange hair above a face like a sad cream - puff raised her head slowly and looked at him through the bars , keeping one ringer on her place in true love stones .
i know my place in this outfit .
nor did the categories of ' good ' and ' bad ' have a place in his vocabulary .
where were the mortal places in the lower body of a man ?
now the pieces in the puzzle fell firmly into place .
he thrust his roll back into his trousers pocket ( the hip pocket is not the place among the rich ) and took bond by the arm .
he had brought her to this place not to behold scientific marvels , but rather to create them .
` ` decipher the engraving , '' the voice continued , ` ` and it will tell you the hiding place of mankind 's greatest treasure . ''
bit by bit , she made her way around the house , but saw nothing out of place .
the man bellamy had called knew a great deal about the masonic pyramid and the secret it held -- the location of a hidden spiral staircase that led down into the earth to the hiding place of potent ancient wisdom buried long ago .
but even if this pyramid somehow did reveal the hiding place of ancient secrets , katherine found it hard to believe that its promise of primeval mystical wisdom would interest the cia .
in this strange , dark place , trapped underwater , langdon strained to comprehend that these would be his final moments of life .
the final pieces fell into place after dinner .
richard watched her go and i watched him and saw his ear again and a piece of the puzzle clicked into place .
a place for everything , and everything in its place .
the business audience was still taking notes as the sandy - haired man at the podium said , ` ` there is a place for the foreigner in a japanese corporation .
you must realize that the place you hold as a foreigner in a japanese corporation is an important one , that you are respected , and that you have a job to do .
the speaker continued : ` ` many times you hear executives say , ' i have no place in a japanese corporation , and i had to quit . '
something was taking place , but i was not clear what .
langdon sensed pieces of the puzzle now falling into place .
i ' ve been running all day from the world health organization - the very people who recruited me in the first place .
islamic tradition held that only god could create life , and therefore man has no place creating images of life - not gods , not people , not even animals .
berlioz , she guessed from the idiosyncratic orchestration , but whatever it was , it felt out of place here in the streets of istanbul .
david had no way of knowing whether he had been tricked or whether a miracle had taken place .
i 'd prefer some stock and a place on your board of directors . ''
he had been asked to bring some documents into the conference room , where a meeting was taking place .
his guest wore a pinstripe suit with a loud checked shirt and a red tie , and seemed out of place in this quiet , rich atmosphere .
the paris conservatoire , where bizet and debussy had once studied , was a place of mythical significance to robbie .
they talked about celtic 's lackluster performance this season , and whether ashley cole deserved his place on the arsenal squad , and suddenly they were old friends .
that he 'd forgotten why he had seduced her in the first place .
they had dared come to him in this place , his secret haven from the rest of the world .
the heirs had been notilied that the funeral services would take place at king 's chapel .
everything suddenly clicked into place .
he had a feeling of unreality , as though the whole conversation were taking place underwater .
although these incidents had taken place over a period of twenty years , jennifer made it seem as though the deceased had committed an unbroken series of despicable acts .
the conversation was easy and pleasant and could have been taking place in any one of a thousand italian homes , and it was hard for jennifer to believe that this family was different from any other family .
agents in turkey , mexico , san salvador , marseilles and honduras were liaising with their counterparts , giving them information on illegal activities taking place in those countries .
remember , if you decide to come back to us you will always have a place here . ''
` ` forgive me - it is not my place to say it , but i do not think mr . demiris is a nice man .
you know , when you 're a kid , you read about people falling in love , and suddenly the world 's a magical place .
i should have confided in him in the first place .
of course , that someone changed from week to week , for in biarritz there was an endless supply of beautiful young men , and armand grangier gave each one his brief place in the sun .
` ` you never should have gotten into this mess in the first place , '' he growled .
it is not your place to instruct the jury on the law .
there 's no place for women in it . ''
` ` and what is the place for a woman ? ''
it 's hearsay , and it has no place in this record . ''
jamie was used to the skies of scotland , where the stars knew their rightful places in the firmament .
money bought them beauty and love and luxury and a place in heaven .
` ` i know now that my place is here .
it was a place without seasons or time , and those who entered were forever removed from the outside world .
as though knowing she no longer had a place in her family 's life , she obligingly died and was considerate enough to manage it with a minimum of fuss .
everything seemed out of place , as though she were a comedienne who had donned her face for laughter .
i never should have married you in the first place ! ''
well , we 're going to get back our rightful place as number one .
fallon 's thought processes took place in brief , painful spasms .
from the instant judd had seen the bronze rooster on the roof , the final pieces of the puzzle had fallen into place .
someone once asked jerome kern what he thought irving berlin 's place would be in american music .
i was beginning to wonder why the network had bought the show in the first place .
kids ( sing ) ` ` i ' m a little teapot , short and stout ` ` cat withers is still standing in the middle of the circle , holding her place in the little puppy .
and , in the formal dining room on the third level , carl had finally found the permanent place for abused imelda .
the messenger tried not to imagine what that man looked like ; it was not his place to speculate on such things .
it spoke of rumours along the bahnhofstrasse that a multi - million - dollar theft had taken place by means of a computer manipulation dealing with a numbered , confidential account belonging to an american corporation called treadstone seventy - one .
whatever violence had taken place , the setting indicated that it had been unexpected ; conversations interrupted by abrupt gunfire .
a blond - haired man wearing tortoise - shell glasses and a striking but stern - faced woman , devoid of make - up and with her hair pulled back like an intense graduate student at the sorbonne , were not out of place in montmartre .
they have no place in observing the field . '
i looked across the street at the door of my house , and suddenly a number of things fell painfully into place .
' it 's not my place to advise you , but , if i were you , i 'd reach madame lavier at once .
he had the incredible feeling that he had come back to a place that was as much a part of him as his body or what was left of his mind .
and , above all , a place in history .
he cared nothing about soothing aesthetics but knew better than to express that opinion , so he simply said , ` ` they have their place . ''
never had ben - gurion dreamed that such a place of learning existed , and he was grateful that his curiosity had allowed him to amass the courage for the quest .
find the place that forms an address with no place , where is found another place .
find the place that forms an address with no place , where is found another place .
he 'd been a friend for decades and was near the top of the list for a place in the circle .
` ` margarete , the world is a complicated place .
find the place that forms an address with no place , where is found an other place .
find the place that forms an address with no place , where is found another place . ''
he crested the stairs and entered the upper gallery , turning left and walking straight for a set of glass doors , out of place in this medieval setting .
` ` find the place that forms an address with no place , where is found an other place .
` ` find the place that forms an address with no place , where is found another place .
his players were taught that those who are timid and frightened have no place among the victors .
the official reason was vague , but many capital defense lawyers suspected the policy was in place to help speed along executions .
it wanted a prominent place on the world 's economic stage .
a few with the gleam of ` ` great '' things in their eyes , of honor and awards and a place in history .
` ` everything is falling into place , '' he told whitfield .
` ` as i said , everything is falling into place . ''
` ` whether this is a condition to be celebrated or bemoaned , it is not my place , as an impartial scholar , to say .
since i am an impartial and dispassionate scholar , of course , it is not my place to root for one outcome or another .
our changes took place underground , on the metro , not three , but five .
` ` i think it 's my place to ask you that sir . ''
` ` we wish to question him about an incident thattook place at the hotel . ''
the merereference to tijuana and drugs confirmed hissuspicions ; the admiral was about to launch into theeverybody - does - it routine , which would lead to ` ` whyshould the navy stir up a racial controversy withsomething that took place in the philippines ? ''
it was a boardinghouse , andseveral doors beyond in the spill of the streetlampsaheated argument was taking place between an olderwoman and a young man .
his mind was inanother place , another time .
he had lainawake for hours during the night , allowing theorganisational blocks to fall into place , then startedwriting in the early morning , ending with a personalletter that dispelled any misconceptions about hismadness .
without going into specifics , captainpackard confirmed this judgment by telling me that anincident had recently taken place that cost the lives ofthree men who tried to follow up on a number of competer erasures .
should an in - flight emergency take place , the standard operating procedure would have been for this reservoir to be jettisoned over the open sea or , in this instance , the polar ice pack .
neither of which was particularly out of place for a young american academic , but given the highly secretive nature of much of lawrence livermore 's work , it had rated him a spot check by laboratory security .
he had acquitted himself well , and perhaps there would be a place for him in the business after all .
there was no place for error in the highly specialized work he did .
he was one of the majority who felt that women had no place in the dcfd .
to do this , you needed to conjure up a time and a place , you needed to make this place real - as real as anything you could experience with your five senses .
he did n't say anything odd , out of place ? ''
he was something of an enigma , which in part was why she had been drawn to him in the first place .
lerner knew the secretary meant it was going to take him away from the mission bud had sent him on in the first place .
he was reliving a shard of memory , another piece of the puzzle clicking into place : in a filthy odessa alleyway , soraya is kneeling over him .
since much of the religion was based on the purification of the body , a special place was reserved for the hammam in the lives of muslims .
in a navy - blue suit , crisp white shirt , and red - and - blue - striped regimental tie pierced by an american flag enamel pin , lavalle looked out of place surrounded by young men and women of the next generation .
kneeling outside the bat cave with its thousands of denizens stirring restively , with the priest 's intonations transforming the intense southern hemisphere sunshine into prayer , he contemplated the chimeric landscape of his own soul , a place singularly twilit , like a deserted city an hour before dawn or the desolate seashore an hour after dusk , a place that slipped away from him , shifting like sand .
kneeling outside the bat cave with its thousands of denizens stirring restively , with the priest 's intonations transforming the intense southern hemisphere sunshine into prayer , he contemplated the chimeric landscape of his own soul , a place singularly twilit , like a deserted city an hour before dawn or the desolate seashore an hour after dusk , a place that slipped away from him , shifting like sand .
this was the place of his dream , this was where he 'd been when he 'd seen the figure framed in the archway turn toward him .
nothing seemed out of place , which was precisely what worried her .
now something bamber just said caused a number of small anomalies to click into place .
the dead have no place among the living . '
in just the same way churches'particularly those of the roman catholic religion'were meant to draw a reverence from the parishioner , to put him squarely in his lowly place vis - and # 341 ; -vis the divine , so the air afrika headquarters sought to intimidate and demean those penitents entering its portals who could not conceive of the half - a - billion - dollar cost of construction .
the main military incursion , he knew , was going to take place on two pincer - like fronts : on the borders with iraq and afghanistan .
arsenov realized that the chechens needed to gain power not only to throw off the yoke of the russian infidel but to establish their place in the islamic world , to gain the respect of the other muslim nations .
` ` to the shaykh , friend of the chechens , who will lead us to our rightful place in the new order of the world . ''
also , it seemed to hull , he was a reasonable man , which meant that he knew his place .
` ` ms . alonzo - ortiz , my administration has no place for political opportunists - at least , not those who are willing to sacrifice the truth in order to cover their own ass .
he did n't have that eerie sense of dj vu that meant he had returned to a place he could n't remember .
what he did to mischa was despicable , but personal feelings have no place in this equation .
mischa 's talent for storytelling had the power to take arkadin far away from nizhny tagil , and when mischa smuggled him out past the inner ring of smokestacks , past the outer ring of high - security prisons , his stories took arkadin to places beyond moscow , to lands beyond russia .
the logistics would fall into place , he knew that .
suddenly abstract and terrible pieces of the horrible puzzle fell into place as marie watched the scene below .
bourne heard the shouts and , running , joined the group of french tourists led by a guide whose concentration was riveted on the chaos taking place on the steps of the mausoleum .
they passed a broken down car off the side of the road ; it seemed out of place in the elegant surroundings , and alex swallowed as he saw it , wondering in dread if it was really disabled .
when sheng hears me on the phone , everything will fall into place for him .
... what 's his place got to do with your changing clothes ? ''
as the young black steward had observed , it was rarely visited but had its place in vacation brochures .
` ` your place in vienna -- our place in vienna .
` ` your place in vienna -- our place in vienna .
with what we ' ve picked up , it 's all falling into place .
i went right to work because the psychological orientation had already taken place ; there were no major surprises . ''
this one would not look out of place in a neighborhood such as bethesda .
` ` wallace , just tell us -- - '' during the shuttle 's pioneer years , in the early 1980s , procedures were set in place to deal with the inevitable mishap , malfunction , or tragedy .
` ` what kinda place has she got ? ''
` ` not my place to ask . ''
and he 's denying she was ever here in the first place .
there was nothing out of place .
he was a tall , slender man in his early forties , and seemed out of place in surroundings that included summer suits , neat print dresses and attache cases .
' it is no place for you . '
not so long ago it was fashionable not to like jews , not to trust them , and now that 's changed and the arabs have taken their place in the scheme of our dislikes .
why would vanvlanderen want her to work for orson in the first place ? '
both of them had moved to a place beyond fear ; an odd masada - like serenity had settled in , at least for the moment .
needless to say , the program that had brought them all together in the first place was far from ordinary , and the circumstances they now faced were quite possibly cataclysmic .
when he pictured the optical image according to that mental model , all sorts of tiny irregularities suddenly clicked into place .
` ` your discernment as well as your tactical genius will guarantee your place in the history books , and the ultimate triumph of your struggles on behalf of ummah .
he was in another place : the sniper 's fugue .
suddenly , a series of small nagging details snapped into place .
when he made his way to the shore , he would be free , welcomed by his navy brethren , taken away , taken home , taking to a place of healing .
were they transporting him to a place under their exclusive control ?
a relic from the past that no longer has any place . ''
reforms will take place , and they 'll be severe .
it 's not my place to pass judgment on anyone 's soul , but i must confess that i ' m worried about yours . ''
` ` things are falling into place . ''
the american had disappeared in marseilles , but an incident had taken place in amsterdam that bore the unmistakable mark of scofield 's expertise .
things fall into place more clearly now . ''
and we would like to grant him a place in corsica 's history .
in truth , there was more than a hint of elegance in her behavior , out of place in the waterfront cafe , but welcome to the eyes .
you said to me only a moment ago that certain things must be accepted , that courts and avvocati had no place , that one killed in order not to be killed oneself .
he understood that the pleasure he derived from buying her things was out of place .
legal documents going back more than half a century would be out of reach - if they had ever existed in the first place .
cheap hotels had a place in this world , usually for those who did not care to join it .
because of the victim 's deep love of the alps- and to spare family and friends further anguish - the family has announced that the burial will take place in switzerland , in the village of col du pillon bray wondered who was in that coffin in col du pillon .
it was vital now that everything take place in sequence - always sequence - and that meant choosing the right words at the right time ; there was no room for error .
experience had taught him that each item had its place in the scheme of unpredictable things .
` ` i ' ve been apprised of your agreement , mr . scofield , and it 's hardly my place to interfere . ''
events have taken place that we could not have envisioned .
` ` my italian , french , and spanish flocks kiss my ring and think i can guarantee them a place in heaven when i can not guarantee it for myself .. ..
he always said there was no place for such ego - centered nonsense . ''
` ` i think , '' jon suggested slowly , ` ` the corpse simply walked in with them , unknowing , or maybe he was a dedicated martyr for islam , counting on a guaranteed place in heaven . ''
though he was a jew , thorvaldsen 's father and wife had been christian , so the holiday had found a place in his life .
` ` the world is a complicated place .
which cemented him a sainted place in french history .
` ` what could possibly take war 's place ? ''
things really were finally falling into place .
stephano blinked a couple of times , and things fell into place .
other pieces fell into place , and the gossip roared around town . ''
the conversation took place in the law firm , on the first floor , in a room known as the closet , sort of an all - purpose room sometimes used for very small meetings .
surhoff begins hitting keys on his laptop , looking for my new place in the sun .
` ` there 's no place for me at trent and brent , '' i say , like a man with many options .
kipler talked to the governor this morning , everything 's falling into place .
they can bring back whatever they want , and it 's not my place to suggest an amount .
we had a great jury , and the facts fell into place . ''
when a wave of asbestos litigation swept the gulf coast , wendall was once again in the right place .
the company would not admit , in fact denied again in print , that nicotine was addictive in the first place .
the name scarlatti was out of place , even crude , in the circles her sons had entered and in which they would continue to live for the rest of their lives .
except for the doorways , two on either side , the corridor looked like a passageway to some pharaoh 's final resting place in the center of an awesome pyramid .
only the recessed lighting in the stucco ceiling seemed out of place .
the supreme court 's a place that takes years to learn .
she 'd never called them ; maybe bartlett was angry that they 'd found out about her investigation in the first place , even though she was n't the responsible party .
today , such street names as the rue des vignoles seem laughably out of place in the downtrodden urban milieu .
just as clearly , the real action was n't taking place at the conference at all .
the place she was in was a bad place , a place she had been very curious about once but now wished she was n't in .
he pointed out the law school at howard , a place of immense pride for him .
i was reaching out to help real people with real problems , little people with no other place to go for legal representation .
i assumed that was the reason hector had been sent to chicago -- there was a place for him .
everything would fold neatly into place , except that the firm wanted some measure of satisfaction .
things were out of place here .
` ` i have no place , '' kleist said .
his illustrious ancestor ludwig von schiissler had taken pains to write his memoirs , thus ensuring his place in history .
` ` it is not your place to delve into the mysteries of the heart . ''
they were inside the kremlin , in the epicenter of soviet power , a place metcalfe had visited dozens of times .
overcome by remorse and sensing that ptolemy was sincere , eumenes revealed the resting place , far away , in the mountains , where the scythians taught alexander about life , then eumenes died shortly thereafter .
tell him i could find a place on my board of directors for him . ''
one that would not only make him the wealthiest person on the planet , but also secure him a place in history .
overcome by remorse and sensing that ptolemy was sincere , eumenes revealed the resting place , far away , in the mountains , where the scythians taught alexander about life .
` ` ely had a place in the pamirs .
eumenes revealed the resting place , far away , in the mountains , where the scythians taught alexander about life .
the seats were leather and the tables were wood , but they looked out of place in the utilitarian fuselage .
' your place . '
' where is this place we 're talking about ? '
the black house seems as out of place in western wisconsin as a skyscraper or a moated palace .
as long as charles burnside can draw breath into his body , he will always have a place in my heart . ''
` ` and if you have a place in my heart , honey - baby , you 'll always have a place at maxton 's . ''
` ` and if you have a place in my heart , honey - baby , you 'll always have a place at maxton 's . ''
whatever the secret may be , it took place soon after the boys came out of the 7 - eleven and saw that tyler had still not joined them .
i have put those faces and those places aside .
jack bends down and picks up a mil - waukee brewers baseball cap , jarringly out of place in this world of giant hopping range rabbits , but indubitably real .
and let 's get real why did he call henry in the first place ?
to go further , he thinks , you 'd have to travel in directions brown and black could never understand , visit places they are certain do not exist .
` ` and you say you ' ve seen this , this place she calls faraway . ''
now it all begins to fall into place .
except for the yellowed news clippings that have been taped to the ugly green wallpaper , it is a room that would not be out of place on the ground floor of the nelson hotel .
the place we want is probably beyond it ` ` even though you know it 's here , jack thinks .
as it turned out , the only place the godfather had got was to the bottom of the baltimore trench , where he presumably still was , with two cement blocks tied around whatever remained of his legs .
when granther died , the place on the lake went to andy 's mother , and when she died , it came to andy .
everything in its place and a place for everything .
it keeps him properly humble about his place in the world and his sense of self - control .
it was an old - fashioned clawfoot tub and it looked decidedly out of place in these stark surroundings .
now he was running cap as well , which means that he was only one step away from running the organization that had taken him prisoner in the first place .
wallace and the couple do enter the house , do see a few things out of place in the kitchen and another room , i think , but no major ransacking .
i had only been in the plant a couple of times before , and felt very much out of place .
i 'd been so excited over finding the pills , i had forgotten why we 'd looked in darius 's truck in the first place .
i calmed down as i shopped , the familiar ritual and the renewed attentiveness of mignon and miss joe nell combining to make me feel once again that i had a legitimate place in the world .
melinda and i were just not capable of returning 1998 sales slips , old tissues , and outdated catalogs to their original places , especially since we had no idea where those places had been .
everything was falling in place , but still , i felt that treacherous pang of guilt .
i 'd come a long way from that tentative , waiting girl at the end of summer , but i was still naive , expecting everything to fall into place just because i so badly needed it to .
because i have a place to escape now , a place of my own in the world , full stop .
how it all just falls into place .
before i wound up here , staring into the bleak abyss of years in prison , my whole youth , locked away in that terrible place .
anya 's earned her place on this mission . ''
` ` it is not my place to question .
` ` i ' ve always had a special place in my heart for dogs . ''
i loved my place in the world , but i was also thinking ten years down the road , fifteen .
the pain blinds her , takes her to a place beyond sensation , where her only thought , her only goal , is to make it stop make it stop make it stop !
there 's some kind a beautiful place waitin on our souls , gloria .
` ` an empty place inside of me .
i can only sit here on earth at my place at the table .
for a moment , i swear they surround me , white flowers growing from the grass , and i ' m back in the place with the girl and the boy , fighting not to hold onto reality .
` ` yeah , i know - i ' m the one who talked you into reading it in the first place . ''
the pieces fell into place in a single , horrible moment : why the man had n't let us stay in the car , how redding had known i existed , how our third unsub had been able to kill christopher simms in prison .
i got the distinct feeling that this was sloane 's version of ` ` hello , '' and suddenly , everything clicked into place : the prevalence of patterns in her wardrobe , the precision with which she 'd divided our closet in two .
but , reading the book , i felt no desire to sneer at all , just a sense of wonderment , a feeling of lightness inside me that at times made me feel almost giddy with an excitement and a sense of what i can describe as ` ` insignificance , '' of realizing my own place in the world .
she sees her place as with her people , protecting her land - land they feel is under threat from people like me .
there was no place in it for dreams .
a home of his own , a real home , and a family - these held no place in the life of an assassin mentor .
to find the wisdom left behind by the great mentor , so that i may better understand the purpose of our fight and my place in it .
` ` and now , at last , everything is falling into place . ''
why have you returned , unwelcome as you are , to this place ?
` ` then everything is falling into place , efendim . ''
` ` it is not our place to judge , teragani , '' said the second man , coldly .
my answer is this : we must reach a place where that question is no longer relevant .
if altair was correct they now stood overlooking the temple 's greater house , its holy place .
' i fear there will be no place for men like him in the new world .
of betrayal and sadness and something he could not quite place at first but then did .
the place of enlightenment and training - the crucible of assassin knowledge he had left - had all but disappeared .
` ` our place is with you . ''
ezio let out a long breath as a series of suspicions fell into place .
he could n't even remember what had made jimmy mad anymore or why dave had been stupid enough to hit him in the first place .
katie said , ` ` do you have to go back to that place again ? ''
and he almost forgot why he 'd come out here on the porch in the first place : he needed to tell jimmy he 'd seen katie on saturday night at mcgills .
fear had found a place in dave and never left , and so he feared doing wrong and he feared fucking up and he feared not being intelligent and he feared not being a good husband or a good father or much of a man .
people denigrate rubble , but i say it has its place .
we are a new society , and there is no place for exclusion .
where they ' ve begun is much the same place the soviets have - brainwashing .
to wade through it all , in the car with angie , until our places in this war were clearly defined , until we knew exactly where we stood on every issue , until we could look into our hearts and be satisfied with what we saw there .
before he spoke , i knew mulkern 's answer , and i wondered why i even bothered asking in the first place .
he looked like he already knew his place in this world at the forefront , with his minions behind him .
when i was sixteen , i barely knew my place in the school lunch line .
i turned off the tv , switched places with angie when she came out of the bathroom .
by the time we remembered what caused the smoke in the first place , the pan had caught fire .
it was going to ride with my father on his black journey to that place he saw when he rolled his eyes back into his skull .
when you spoke to her , some part of her - whether it was her head , her arms , her twitching legs - was incapable of remaining still , as if it were already moving past you and the boundaries of the neighborhood into that place she saw beyond .
i nodded , part of me relieved , part of me feeling guilty for suspecting gerry in the first place .
` ` and why did he kill lisardo in the first place ? ''
if we do n't get somebody to stop it , they 'll start playing king of the mountain and forget why they came in the first place . ''
why 'd he turn around in the first place ?
it all fell into place then , as i sat in ryerson 's suburban and looked out at kenneally 's antiques .
ran right at you and then through you , made you wonder why you 'd even tried to ward her off in the first place .
the old - money clients were directed there to discuss cases ; their offspring and the nouveaux riches came to international place .
there 's no place for it in a respectable life . ''
you sitting there thinking , if this crazy mordovian do n't pull this trigger , i ' ve got to know why he points it at me in the first place .
but this was still a white man 's society , a place built on concepts of family and an honest day 's work .
you do n't -- '' ` ` i ' m here , '' steedman said , looking up from his cigar , ` ` because workers in this country have forgotten their place .
but they got their ways of doing things and it 's not my place to tell them different .
the workers revolution had no place for the sexist caste system of the united capitalist states of america -- but most women in the bar were hard - faced and industrial - gray , as sexless in their coarse clothes and coarse accents as the men they called comrades .
she never asked where he lived , if he had family , or where he hailed from , and luther had gleaned enough about the employer - valet relationship to know it was not his place to initiate conversation with her .
but his father had reached a place most sensed in him but few ever saw .
she seemed to have reached a place beyond expectation .
so your great - grandfather was from the monkey tree and your great - grandmother from the island tree and they found their place as slaves in the new world and produced your grandfather who produced your father who produced you .
` ` because your true place in this world , luther ?
danny , as thomas had always known he would , had found his place in the world as a leader of men .
but now , knowing that the city was coming alive -- and even coming apart -- in a way it might not do again in his lifetime , any pains or lessons from that day receded and were replaced by his appetite for the night world and his possible place in it .
` ` to train the armies and police of nicaragua , guatemala , and panama , of course , how to best remind the peasants of their place . ''
he could n't think of a reply to that , so he shrugged and let the silence and the liquor return the mood to a softer place .
we accordingly lay to , hoping that some change would take place in the atmosphere and weather .
` ` what a place is this that you inhabit , my son ! ''
and drinking directly from him was like coming home , like something had shifted into place .
` ` i will never lie to you again , but your place is with me .
she has no place here .
she 'd avoided that dark place in all her exploring .
it 's your place to start . ''
you plotted with him against me , so you could take my rightful place among the vampires .
in that time he 'd somehow made so much of a place in her heart that she now found it hard to continue on without him .
you should have woken me up , '' dani snapped , and then added with frustration , ` ` it 's not your place to save me worry .
it 's not your place to save me worry .
we moved to spain in that time , and the spanish were as bad as the romans when it came to women 's place in society .
and he would if it were n't for the fact that his need for blood had hit the critical point again : his emotions were all over the place and his control almost nonexistent .
` ` whatever it was , everything seemed distorted , my hearing was going in and out like a bad radio station , and my emotions were exaggerated and all over the place .
but this time there was a huge struggle taking place on her face .
anders struggled briefly , and then admitted , ` ` that it all took place in the fourteenth century .
` ` i get that the nanos repaired him , but i ' m not sure i understand how you think the nanos got there in the first place . ''
betrayed , confused , as if the world was n't the place he 'd thought it was .
` ` it 's not your place to make that offer .
inez knew she was n't the only one to notice the changes taking place when a slow satisfied , male smile curved his lips .
when he returned to the bed , inez glanced at the bags and just the sight of the blood made that strange shifting take place in her mouth .
or , rather , his evolution , as dragos 's plan was intended to elevate the breed from the shadowy underworld they were forced to inhabit now , to a place of supreme power over mankind .
besides , she knows her place when it comes to my affairs . ''
if he 'd known that , they never would have made it out of the house in the first place .
he told me that was not my place , that my place in life was to be the dutiful daughter of a warrior , and in time the helpmeet of a noble warrior and the mother of warriors who would carry on the glory of the shadowhunters for another generation . ''
he told me that was not my place , that my place in life was to be the dutiful daughter of a warrior , and in time the helpmeet of a noble warrior and the mother of warriors who would carry on the glory of the shadowhunters for another generation . ''
` ` i had a great deal of time to consider my place in this world , while she had me sealed up in that tiny , airless hell .
she felt as if she 'd been lifted into some new andwonderful place that most people never even saw .
all the slaves say that he did n't even know aboutthis place before that .
you were wrong about not telling al about the coven in the first place .
we looked out of place among the white halls and taupe carpeting , all of us in black but jax : ivy and me in leather , jenks in his silk body suit , and nick in a faded t - shirt and dark jeans .
alexia refused , on principle , to admit that her new high spirits were on account of conal 's printed apology , but the world certainly seemed a far more fascinating place today than it had yesterday .
we wo n't tell the others you skipped your place in line . ''
i have to find my own place in the world . ''
i had no place there .
since zoe had moved in , however , my place had become his primary residence .
` ` thank you for sending my imagination to a place it can never return from . ''
seek and you will find , but frst you should know what you seek ... ' what a place !
' it 's not my place to tell 'em what to believe , if they act decent . '
and all that without losing his place in his newspaper .
` ` then it isna my place to be telling you .
poison has no place on pack grounds or in pack business .
my place is with them , even if i dinna fight alongside . ''
she looked vastly out of place at a ranch , more like she should be dancing atop some table at a london hotspot .
it was almost like they shared an instant connection ; two women who 'd had a horrible fate thrust upon them at too young of an age - outcasts from the world , trying to find their places in it .
i started missing our place in san francisco .
the spot held a warm place in my heart .
imogen was smiling and laughing , frolicking with her grandchildren , chasing them around the fountain of a woman crying that took a place of prominence in the room .
her home would still have a nostalgic place in my dead heart , but mom was what mattered , and the warmth that i associated with her old place would follow her to the next place , even if that was her own wing at the new ranch .
but as they walked from the midship student section , which housed classrooms and sleeping quarters , to the rear recreation area , they entered a place she 'd never seen before .
things began to click into place in her brain .
they were a bit out of place .
there was no place for me in the daylight without him .
not that he particularly wanted me to be dating him in the first place .
he was dressed in black from head to foot , a shadow that looked out of place in the brightness of the morning .
` ` so you 're the reason jack was tracking him in the first place ? ''
if i had to fight gautier , then this larger chamber was the place to do it in .
` ` there was nothing out of place when i got home at midnight .
he avoided crowds when he could , but now it seemed he was stuck in an odd place where being by himself was more miserable than being around others .
a huge dark place , with the feeling of being vastly complicated somehow .
she 'd thought it would be so easy - just show david her new self and everything would fall into place .
she seemed to have left everything ordinary behind and to be sliding more and more quickly into an enchanted place where anything - anything at all - could happen .
her body was sitting in the car , breathing quickly , speeding , but her real self seemed to be in another place .
` ` he must have caught you in the between - place , the place between earth and the other side .
but i knew the night world was the place for rne .
even insects learned to avoid the place of darkness and the malevolent creature who dwelled there .
something drawing her , calling her insistently to that horrible place of torture and cruelty .
it is your brother who has kept our people from their rightful place .
his mind opened to hers , a dark place of haunting sorrow and hundreds of years of dealing death without remorse .
now old wounds were being torn open on the very night when she had hoped to solidify their place in a community .
desari clung to him , her safe anchor , as he transported them higher , ever higher , to a place of such ecstasy she was n't certain she could stand it .
all the while she kept all senses alert to the possibility that monsters might lurk beneath the earth , but she had to enter - to find the place of her nightmares , the place of her childhood .
all the while she kept all senses alert to the possibility that monsters might lurk beneath the earth , but she had to enter - to find the place of her nightmares , the place of her childhood .
she fought past her own fear and panic to reach for the cool , centered place inside of her , calling healing light , burning white - hot and pure to counteract the acid of the snake blood .
it must have been difficult for her , but she was always smiling and singing and making the world seem a cheerful place even as colors and emotions faded from our world .
nicolas stood in the center of the crystalline cavern , in the place so many legendary warriors had stood before him .
she hovered there , ready to flee back into a place of childhood horror rather than be imprisoned as an adult .
it was her first real experience with such an overwhelming sexual reaction and her emotions were all over the place .
maybe you 're looking for some sign that we should know our places in the home and stay there , but we were not born nor raised carpathian .
this underground chamber the ancient women had instinctively chosen to use for their rituals was a place of power where the physical world merged with the spiritual realm .
it was the only way she saw herself fitting into the world when it was a place not meant for someone like her .
whatever was taking place in the fight for gabrielle 's life was difficult and vikirnoff was identifying , worried something might happen to her .
it had no place in his life , in his relationship with destiny .
dreams had no place in her world .
she had come back to this place , her one anchor , her last refuge , her sanctuary .
it had no place , only her complete belief in him , in them .
her body was warm and welcoming , his haven , a refuge , a place of intimacy and ecstasy .
` ` sara , they have brought him to the best place possible , a place of power .
her mind was chaos and pain , a place of fear and agony .
aidan pulled her into his arms , waited until he was certain the change had completely taken place , then sent her into the deep , healing sleep of his race .
those without honor had no place in aidan 's world .
staying a shadow in her mind allowed him to see how his world , so alien and different , so filled with myths and superstitions , with violence and creatures of the night , seemed a very terrifying place to her .
what was the sound so out of place with the rest of the universe that it would reach into the very bowels of the earth and awaken him ?
she had no intention of trying to fit into the carpathian world , where she believed she no longer had a place .
gabriel went with her , shouting her name to the heavens , to the silent watching mannequins , into an unnamed place of sheer feeling .
he was used to having a special place in her life .
there is no place for embarrassment .
her wolf , too , had been extraordinary , filling every empty place in her life .
more hurt than furious , and that made her all the more furious that she had allowed herself to care enough to let him hurt her in the first place .
his loyalty to mikhail and his belief that their race had a place in the world .
he perceived the hand on savannah 's wrist as evil , a coiled snake dragging her away from her rightful place at his side .
i have come to set you free from the boundaries holding you to this place . ''
i think sex should hold a place in our relationship . ''
the world was a place where she changed what she did n't like .
right now , your place is with cullen .
dayan 's place was definitely with corinne .
we made the choice to save your life , and the blood was freely given because of your place within our family , but only you can make the rest of the choices for yourself .
the undead leave behind small parasites that will call to their masters and draw them to this place .
she 'd just go back to being a jaguar and find her place in the forest .
for some reason , just the thought of that spirit place gave her chills .
but emotions had no place in his world .
he had been born to a different life and he had no place in a world with houses populated by humans .
she found herself sinking into that place , that sort of subspace of mind where zacarias became her world .
she smiled at him , her smile lifting him back from the shadowy place that he had dropped into .
i was directed here by mother earth , to this place of immense power .
he had no idea how she did it , or why , when he was with her , the world was such a different place , filled with laughter and beauty and things he 'd never dreamt of .
you do n't look as if a single thing out of place happened . ''
i did not see anything out of place . ''
we are a species of people near extinction and fighting for our place in the world . ''
the modern enhancements had always struck tavia as sorely out of place beside the property 's stout , rambling stone walls and rolling meadows .
and what the hell did dragos stand to gain from creating her in the first place ? ''
` ` now we begin preparations to take the ultimate step toward securing our rightful place in history . ''
and what is this place ?
turn me loose when they obviously think they have a reason for chaining me up in the first place ?
it 's strange wearing clothes that are n't black and i feel a little out of place .
i let my legs soar out as the world spins and i think about what it would be like to fly away from this horrible place that takes away my mind , body , and spirit .
` ` yeah , but why did gabrielle give it to maci in the first place ? ''
mary - lynnette slumped back against mark , trying to get her new world view into place .
once she moved too far to the right , and once she lost track of her place in the routine , but she recovered quickly both times .
` ` was n't my place to ask questions .
a moment ago , she 'd been on the verge of a perfectly comfortable numbness , and now sean was dragging her back to a dark , spooky place .
he hated those voices because they took him away from his world and dumped him back into a place that for him had no meaning , no purpose .
` ` it 's my place to protect you . ''
i ' m teaching ms . morgan her new place in life .
still locked in that awful place , '' she whispered .
he settled back and closed his eyes , listening to its fury in a state of satisfied calm , content with the knowledge that all the pieces of his grand plan were at last falling into place .
she stared at the vacant mahogany chair , trying to will victor bishop away from his business and out to his place as the provider - the protector - of his family .
` ` the girl , '' she said , new pieces falling into place in the puzzle of his deception .
and as much as he found himself curious , he did n't think it his place to ask .
` ` intimacy had no place in my upbringing , '' he told her .
and chase had no place in the discussion anymore .
hunter knew too well the kind of discipline and training - the rigid conditioning - that would have already taken place in the child 's short life .
in any event , she had no place for him in her world .
the two were continually slinking around ruby , gazing at her with interest , tilting their heads at the girl as if they could n't ` ` uite place something about her .
malkom worked to block him out , wondering why he 'd ever answered the vampire in the first place .
now her feelings - and his place in her world - were abundantly clear .
not her place to care about any of that , though .
` ` maybe there 's a place for a rebel ghost within the order 's ranks after all . ''
it was a peaceful sound , as peaceful as the night itself , which made me wonder what the hell had woken me in the first place .
though why i suddenly felt something was out of place , i could n't really say .
` ` you wo n't have any other choice but to find that place in yourself .
` ` and you did n't notice anything odd or out of place during your time there ? ''
and if the strippers had seen anything out of place that night , i wanted to know about it .
there did n't seem to be anything out of place , and certainly nothing that would explain my growing certainty that this room held secrets .
i stood to one side of the doorway , studying the shadows and listening for anything out of place .
deep within , in a place she avoided thinking about or calling on too much , was a dark place devoid of anything .
my cherry red convertible looked out of place among the scattering of minivans and salt - rusted , late model cars .
my thoughts were the only place it could settle , and by the time it found them , i had made the tiny three - dimensional circle in my imagination that ceri had spent most of the afternoon teaching me how to craft .
sentimentality has no place in science . ''
that led her to another , badder place in her mind .
the crystal of limitation is a device that can free a foreseer from the solitaire of their mind , also known as the room of forbidden - a place where a foreseer is sent after they commit a crime .
the mind is a vast place , my friend , and we never do get a full insight to every single speck of knowledge we have . ''
he nodded , the deep concern on his face appearing out of place on someone so young .
the people who saw us were curious , but the only ones stopping to watch wore either bright flamboyant clothes or casual business attire , both of which looked out of place among the predominant fatigues .
that 's probably why the vamps had hidden the focus in the first place .
they looked terribly out of place in the low - ceilinged room full of beds and our suitcases , and it would have been obvious who was in charge even if ivy had n't stopped before the oldest , gracefully executing a soft bow that was reminiscent of a martial arts student to her instructor .
had publicly announced on the back page of the community section of the paper that i was cleared of all suspicion of any wrongdoing in the accidental deaths that had taken place on the bridge .
blood did n't have a place in the fantasy they sought .
when he touched the bullet , moved it , i screamed again then the bullet was gone , the fire was gone , and in its place normal , peaceful pain i reached to that magical place inside and called to the wolf .
his urgency pushed me into a place where only sensation existed , then he pushed me beyond it he came with me , his warmth spilling into me as his body went rigid against mine the elevator came to a stop .
amelie looked up sharply and said , ` ` mind your place , claire .
i took a slow breath , watching her pretend not to notice my eyes on her as i let the pieces fall into place .
you know the gods bound us to this place .
i mean , could you make out her place in society ? ''
` ` i thought you said biffy did not need to be in love , he needed to find his place . ''
everything started clicking into place , but that only made me feel worse .
` ` we never should have started listening to him in the first place . ''
the last puzzle pieces finally clicked into place .
right or wrong , i feel my place is ... with the vampires .
` ` it was not his place , '' mr . crepsley said .
` ` it is not our place to decide the twists of fate . ''
she was n't a huntress , a predator fulfilling her place in the scheme of things by chasing down her lawful prey .
the wild power for a place with him after the millennium . ''
he held a special place in his heart for me since i helped him sneak into the mansion for a high school initiation when he was a senior and i was twelve .
she lived alone here in the woods of murk - a place of fairy rings and curses , of portals to different planes and creatures of old that even lykae feared .
how out of place in a simpering succubus .
he was returning to the place of his origins with his mate in tow .
it all fell into place , and gray 's fish settled like lead in his stomach .
everything was falling smoothly into place .
` ` if you knew that , why the hell did you invite him down here in the first place ? ''
as a vampire prince , it was my place to take control .
he sounded a little sad about it , and she remembered how she 'd felt at the house -- a little out of place , as if she were a visitor in their lives .
she remembered her first encounter with vampires , her first realization that the world was n't the neatly ordered place she 'd always been told it was .
he looked like someone seeing the future , and not liking his place in it one bit .
michael looked fierce -- he was concentrating on every word , and claire could see him already putting himself into performance mode , that place that made him so different when he was onstage .
sometimes , things did fall into place .
` ` give me a starting place , then . ''
my gaze searched the shadows , seeing nothing out of place .
it was understood that when luna was eighteen , we 'd meet for a covenant ceremony and unite together for eternity , ensuring her a place in the vampire world . ''
she peered into the glass case once more , letting the beauty of the artist 's work transport her away from her private anxieties to a place of peace and comfort .
she did n't answer , torn between the need to protect her secrets and her longing to share them with someone who might not judge her , who might understand what had brought her to this place in her life , if not forgive her for it .
those things had no place in real life , not even in the harshest realm of reality .
he would look after her as long as he was able , and if -- more likely when -- the death that stalked him finally caught up to him , he would have already seen to it that there would always be a place for tess among the breed .
when i 'd bleed , everything that was out of place and strange about me suddenly felt ...
except she still was missing a crucial piece of information that would make things click into place for her .
it was there i learned all about the vampire nation and my place within it .
for all his protestations that his duty came first and that there never could be a place for her in his life , lucan had been thinking of her tonight ?
he thought i 'd betrayed him and taken his place among the vampires .
it is not my place to interfere in the unravelling of destiny .
` ` my place is here now , with you and your allies .
and where is this miraculous place ? ''
but like all the vampires i d met , he struggled with his place in the mortal worldjust as i struggled .
but the rich boys picked on laser , and he felt so out of place that he kept pulling on his buttons . ''
the first thing one noticed was that nothing was out of place .
the past slid into place , the filter of prior experience replacing what was actually occurring with a remembered nightmare .
which made sense , given that race 's self - referential understanding of the world and their place in it : anything that did n't fit was forced into the superstructure , even if that meant creating ` ` paranormal '' elements .
christ , the place was like a museum of an era long , long ago ; he recognized the objects from that kind of life , could extrapolate their uses ... but damned if they had a place in his existence now .
there would never be a place for the likes of tohrment in his band of bastards , however : that brother and his ilk would not slum themselves for a shared meal , much less any professional association .
like she was regretting not just what had happened a moment ago , but maybe meeting him in the first place .
yes , the servants ' quarters rather than the guest accommodations were her home , and had been ever since she had ... found herself in a different place .
` ` i do not understand any of this - ` ` ` ` hell is a place of many levels .
` ` there are three places in the afterlife .
the shadowy place where those who had sinned upon the earth were locked for eternity .
the male had come to the band of bastards on a rainy evening , and he 'd looked as out of place as he was : a dear boy among death dealers , standing outside a hovel that no doubt he would n't have stabled a horse in .
it made her resent blay at times , even though it was not her place to judge : if there was one thing she had learned , it was that the hearts of others were known only to themselves - and blay was , at his core , a male of worth - the door opened behind her , and over her shoulder the male in her thoughts appeared as if summoned by her ruminations .
for the fade ceremony , it was all about the opposite , the monochromatic palette symbolizing both the eternal light the dead would be subsumed in , as well as the intention of the community to someday join with the deceased in that sacred place .
` ` i have a place here .
this was better than a flat - out no , and who knew what the future held : if v could evolve to a place where , even after the shower nightmare , manello remained aboveground and breathing , anything could fucking happen .
maybe he should n't be there , should n't get involved in whatever it was that brought the female to this place in her life .
he was opening a door in her subconscious , and wherever it was that her breedmate gift originated within her , tegan was guiding her inside that place , letting her see the power of her own potential .
those who were in a position to know of rogue conflicts chose to turn a blind eye , trusting politics and protocol to keep things in their proper place .
how satisfying it would be to finish off all the order , and to assume his rightful place as the ruler of all the breed .
he regretted that he 'd permitted the warrior called tegan into the facility in the first place -- him and the enforcement agency female both .
to learn more about lara and her novels , please visit read on for a sneak peek of the woman looked completely out of place in her pristine white blouse and tailored ivory pants .
as for her , calls have already been made to find her a place in the darkhavens if that 's her choice after all this is over .
for all the technology and money at his disposal , there was no science in existence that could replace the kind of base rutting that had taken place in the prisoner 's cell a short while ago .
maybe there still could be a place for him here after all .
and regardless of the birthmark that granted her a special place among the breed , dylan had to remain with her mom .
when i saw the birthmark under toni 's chin , it all clicked into place in my mind .
as dylan listened to them talk , pieces of a puzzle she 'd been mulling over for the past several days - ever since she set foot in that cave - now clicked into place in her mind .
eve sat silent in her black velvet dress , looking more goth than ever , and wildly out of place in the soothing neutral waiting room .
` ` but anyway , he could n't have said -- ` ` things clicked into place , and the pattern looked bad .
this is no place for them .
polly had grinned when she heard that , and hoped that tonker and lofty would one day find a way to eat chocolates in a great big room where the world was a different place .
suave and sophisticated in a classic tuxedo he had the sort of dark good looks that would n't look out of place in a bond movie .
the familiar link between them slid into place , and he felt elena 's joy , her contentment at being with him and at their new , nearly normal , lives .
` ` the members of the vitale society hold a very special place in the world , '' he was saying , leaning forward , smiling .
before i knew it , i was drifting off and i found myself standing in a cold , hazy place .
it was a place that existed between reality and the subconscious .
and i ' ve always held such a special place in my heart for ... new jersey .
i smiled back , and something clicked silently into place , like two corresponding puzzle pieces .
the word seemed out of place in my life right now , barely comprehensible , bizarre .
but what about tomorrow , when you think about all the reasons you left in the first place ?
some deep place inside me recognized truth .
that you need to find your own place in the world and ca n't just follow someone 's orders blindly .
i knew i needed to get back outside , to smoke a cigar with mr . cartwright , to twirl rosalyn in a first waltz , to toast my place as a man of mystic falls .
i wanted to prove to father that i was serious about the estate and about growing up and assuming my place in the world .
father always had told us to find our power , to find our place in the world .
the point is , as you know , the romans seemed to have a special place in their hearts for genuine gluttony , and the banquets inevitably became a disgrace .
but this was a thoroughly egyptian place , which enveloped me as firmly as my blood dreams .
as if he 'd been ripped out of that gentle , cozy place , he was suddenly freezing cold .
as soon as the knob clicked into place , bonnie lay back in bed and bit into a cookie .
` ` they told me that when i came back , it was different , '' she said in a smal voice , her emotions zigzagging al over the place .
through a bloody , swol en lip and bruised slits of eyes , the ghost of a bril iant smile appeared , and the gears of stefan 's mind slotted into place and began to turn again at last .
why would a guy like adam blum ever want to go out with me in the first place ?
just the child of - let 's face it - a very formidable person , who 's trying to figure out his own place in the world .
` ` i do n't know why she asked me in the first place .
i perched on the edge of the sofa , feeling more than a little out of place in all this richness .
his thoughts were all over the place - one minute he was thinking about his night with one of the hookers , the next wondering what the powers - that - be were going to do about breakfast , because he was mighty hungry and had n't signed on to this crummy outfit to starve .
hell , even the government believed it , because they 'd recently put in place laws that made the use of auras on humans the equivalent of rape .
` ` when i met mr . sterling everything fell into place .
we need to know who 's responsible for the slayings , and we need to make sure no one up there gets anywhere close to the truth about what exactly took place out there in the bush . ''
kade sat beside alex in miserable silence , torn between wanting to explain to her about the breed and her place within that world and fearing that if she knew what he truly was , she would lump him into the same category of monster that she abhorred and was now so determined to expose to all of harmony and the rest of humankind .
you ' ve never truly found your place of belonging in the world .
kade slanted his gaze to alex , seeing in her eyes all of the courage and determination that had made him fall in love with her in the first place .
in just a couple more hours , nothing but a pile of sun - scorched ash would remain of his brother -- or of kade 's place among his kin .
everything transfers back into place ; the fog lifts and my body warms up .
it 's like i ' m being kissed all over and those kisses erase every single place the vision has taken in my soul .
i should be angry with him , yet i ca n't seem to get to that place .
in it , my mom is begging me to help her , save her from the treacherous place she 's been imprisoned in .
each time i can see the underworld and what it looks like , a secret cave buried beneath the lake ; a place sculpted out of rocks , mud , vines , and a home for water fey that thrive on torturing .
` ` the place of self - hatred .
he thinks i stole his rightful place .
i 'd rather he did n't , but it 's not my place to chastise him when he does . ''
the lake of souls seems to be the only place where the damned end up , and if our plan works , you wo n't go back there .
it was telling all about ur - demons who drank blood , and men and women who could change into animals , and a place called the world of the night , where they all lived .
and there was n't much of a place for animals in witch life , not since familiars had been outlawed during the burning times .
the alternate explanation slid into place so quickly that thea realized it must have been in her mind all along .
there is no place for us .
a woman who knows her place . ''
` ` there is no place for you at amberwood . ''
the point is he never should have touched her in the first place .
` ` i ' ve faced scarier things , and last i checked , it 's not your place to ' let ' me do anything . ''
that kind of twisted magic had no place in this world .
the moroi do n't display the malice of the strigoi , but creatures who drink blood and manipulate nature have no place in our world .
they just stood there and let me believe - ` ` ` ` it 's not their place to say anything , '' ceri said primly , then set her teacup down with a sharp clink .
i glanced at the empty hall , things starting to fall into place .
he was n't happy , but he did n't feel it was his place to say anything .
this fel into place for me so easily that i thought i must have known the truth for a while .
let me lie upon you and believe , at least for a little while , that the world is a place where i could love you the way i want to . ` `
and perhaps - just perhaps - he might find a place among them .
everyone had a place in the world , and his place had once been among the nobility .
it wasn`t my place to disclose their locations .
i did n't have the heart to tell her that there would never be a place for me , that i would never fit .
i could n't stay in that place any longer , one just as primitive as abaddon .
bettina wondered if she had any place at all in his thoughts .
even in the throes , bettina knew that this secreted place on her body - a place no other male had ever touched - was now his .
if this vampire wanted to share her life , then he 'd best understand that cas would always have a place in it .
` ` cas will have a place in my future - resign yourself . ''
and make no mistake , child , i know why shane returned to morganville in the first place .
should it come to that , claire , you must be prepared for the harsh reality that the world is not a fair or just place , and all your wishing can not make it so .
i guided you to this place .
` ` if she 's made a conscious decision to withhold the information from you , it 's not my place to offer it . ` `
ego has no place in your ser vice to me .
we call this knight from the stands to take his place among our ranks again . ` `
it was a bare whisper on her lips , torn from a place deep inside her , a place she 'd locked away from rex and everyone else .
somewhere his soul was hovering , wanting to go to the place he de- served , but he would still want to see he 'd done what he swore to do .
you need time to figure out your place in your new world . ` `
he had no interest in vampire politics or finding a place in vam- pire society .
love had no place in her life .
the place she 'd sensed in the back of her mind all along , the place where all her questions would be answered and she would understand who she really was and what she was supposed to do with her life .
it just showed she 'd never cared for the rest of them in the first place .
it was like lestat faded out , and the dream pulled her down and snap : she was in a place full of sunlight .
she had found her place ; her eternal place .
she had found her place ; her eternal place .
not in some abstract night , but in a real place and a place that had once , for all purposes , been mine .
not in some abstract night , but in a real place and a place that had once , for all purposes , been mine .
she gestured to the empty wooden chair before him , a place of honor obviously , at the foot of the table ; that is , if one conceded that she stood at the head .
` ` what i am saying is that we were perceived as good ; and we had our place in the scheme of things .
` ` it was a more lavish place even than the great hall of the palace ; it was stuffed to overflowing with fine things , with a couch made of carved leopards , and a bed hung with sheer silk ; and with polished mirrors of seemingly magical perfection .
to vanquish a mere handful of enemies , to be seen and ioved by mortals as an image ; to find some place in the great drama of things which was infinitely larger than i was , a drama whose study could occupy the mind of one being for a thousand years .
` ` i think in the end she knew it ; no place for her ; no way for her to have value and be the thing that she was .
it seemed to her that they were being deliberately cut off from even the perilous dark dimension , that they were passing a border into a place they were n't meant to know about , much less enter .
and in this place where magic and physics met ; she was able to do it , to slow while still floating on damon 's power , although it took her much farther from the dunstans ' house than she wanted .
she 'd simply been so grateful for help ... to the one who had hurt her in her first place .
suddenly everything fell into place and was brilliantly clear .
` ` i did not mean to say anything out of place ... . '' ` ` we 're slaves here , '' meredith replied , picking up a length of rope .
` ` you 're the ripper , '' i realized , everything clicking into place .
` ` it is not your place to avenge the death of vampires , '' she said .
as her guardian vision slotted into place , she had to grab at the doorframe , holding on so hard that the edges of the door cut into her hand .
and if damon could n't have that place , if that part of elena was going to be closed to him , he had to let it go .
the world had snapped into place again around elena , but it was a chilling world .
he thinks they stole his ancestors ' rightful place as the town 's founders or something . ''
it was through these deserted commercial areas , with their shut - up factories and warehouses and bleak little shotgun cottages , that i wandered to a wondrous place near the river , which perhaps held no significance for any other being than myself .
our real investigation took place after he 'd gone .
it seemed i was very near a dark place , a place full of actual death .
it seemed i was very near a dark place , a place full of actual death .
there 's no place for us on earth , i said .
although he slept by himself that night , none of the wolves tried to chase him away , and he took his regular place in the hunting pack the next time they set out .
now that you ' ve done that , there 's no place for you here .
` ` i do n't feel ... it 's my place ... to watch .
gauntlet ... the word played through her mind , finally snapping into place .
provide delilah with a place in his heart , yes .
there is no place for weaklings here .
they have no place here !
he '' d gone on to say , though , that there might be a place in the watch for any troll who could still stand up after a headful of big hammer , and maybe brick might like to conduct his future behaviour with an eye to this .
but magic has no place in coppering .
` ` you mean people queue up for a place in the battle ? ''
it '' s not my place , sir , but i advise acquiescence . ''
everyone and everything had a proper place or she would see they were put into one of her own devising .
instead he was carving himself a new place .
he was looking more cheerful tonight , though he still would n't have appeared out of place in a funeral parlor .
` ` it is not my place to worry about creatures such as murlough . ''
will 's words seemed out of place .
but someone , or something , had brought her to this dark place .
it was not my place to make that sort of judgment .
he d been inside her mind , and it was a beautiful place filled with love and compassion , so much so that he wondered if she could ever forgive the monstrous things he d done in the past .
it will be worth it if we can be rid of the evil vampires and make the world a safer place for humans , she continued .
` ` it is not our place to present ourselves to the princes , '' he said .
did you kill his parents , perhaps , and decide it was your place to take care of him ? ''
` ` renata was reading me a story , '' mira supplied , her soft voice chiming with a bright innocence that seemed so out of place in yakut 's crude domain .
she sensed something out of place even before she noticed mira 's door was unlatched .
manipulating fate until the time was right for him to finally , rightfully , rise to his place of power over both breed and humankind alike .
the assembled males had been privately assessing one another as they 'd arrived one by one this evening , all of them summoned to edgar fabien 's darkhaven residence to await transport to an exclusive gathering to take place elsewhere .
` ` if niko did not ... i ' m not sure it 's my place to tell you now - ` ` ` ` tell me , goddamn it . ''
i told her i would spend no day beneath these pointed towers , in this house of horrors , in this place of evil and filthy birth .
if ivy looked out of place in the bedroom , she looked like she was from mars next to the crib , frilly lace curtains , and brightly colored expensive toys .
he was moving on with his life , becoming a part of it , immersing himself and finding a place on the wheel .
her black jeans looked out of place in the white corridor , and her dark hair caught the light , looking almost silver .
just as you are the only one who knows how to locate that tomb in central america , wroth and kaderin are the only ones who knew how to find this place . ''
in this place , her entire outlook from the morning shifted .
but she did n't want him to get his hopes up when she had no place in her life for him .
there is n't any place for you in my life . ''
my powers , my place in the house .
that is probably what attracted him in the first place .
at the first sight of him , my heart does a happy dance , and everything falls into place .
i 'd told her about my experiences with the claiming and how my emotions were all over the place .
if her mind was such a chaotic place .
` ` you know she 's going to find a way , '' i say , taking the conversation to a dark place .
i have to learn how to bring myself out of the dark place without her .
chapter twenty - six peter the place they put me in is dark and damp and echoes .
no one can take that place away from me .
i have only blurry memories of her , and they all took place in a nursing home .
though her color is gray , she is not ambivalent about her place in the dark order .
nick grew silent as his thoughts went to a place he very seldom allowed them to go .
feel your place in the universe and see how vast it is .
i know it 's not your place .
and the only other being capable of killing adarian at full strength is imprisoned in a place we ca n't free him from .
shiny usually trumps stupid , and reminds a girl why she liked you in the first place . ''
` ` there ought to be a special place in hades for them all . ''
` ` obstinance has its place , and there 's nothing wrong with being passionate about things . ''
and while survival had its place , sooner or later every creature deserved to have more than just meager , fearful survival .
existing outside of human time and space so that it did n't matter what dimension she accessed it from , theirs was a sterile and austere place .
their brilliance has no place to go .
we lived as if in a place made of semiprecious stones .
go back to that place , or to the place from which you came .
i felt it swift and terrible as it always is , as surely as if the master had commanded all the artificial and gathered particles of me , as it is written , return now to your place .
he said you were a ghost , and you needed to take esther 's place in the world , that 's how you got in . ''
but maharet would n't risk trying to take mekare to this place .
they ran a small clinic for mortal incurables , but their real work took place in secure laboratories in sprawling three - story buildings .
but amsterdam had a place in rose 's heart , because there , uncle lestan had been with her .
armand , i beg you , find a place in your heart for me , let me in .
` ` i think he can be anyplace that he wants to be , anywhere in the world , but it does seem he can only be in one place at a time and of course that ' place ' is inside a blood drinker 's mind . ''
when they 'd had her securely bound like a dead one in a shroud , it had been possible then to leave that horrid place , that awful place that had been maharet 's hearth and sanctum .
when they 'd had her securely bound like a dead one in a shroud , it had been possible then to leave that horrid place , that awful place that had been maharet 's hearth and sanctum .
my final wish is for knowledge of that most mysterious place , my true home .
take your rightful place here . ''
rivals in the translife foodie world got my place in prague shut down .
the only thing i knew was that my certainty about my place in the world - my armor and my sword - was shattered .
she 'd never seen a lycanthrope look so out of place in human clothing .
normally that knowledge would have made my heart dance , but such a reaction seemed out of place when he was intent on slowly strangling his quarry in the middle of a graveyard .
if he did n't tell the truth , he could kiss his place in the pack goodbye .
what could he have done to earn him a place in the program ?
she wore a black robe that bared one pale shoulder , traditional vampire garb , but somehow she seemed ... out of place .
` ` despite our feelings , he 'll have a place of honor , even in death , '' victoria said .
the answers slid into place as easily as if she 'd been a criminal her entire life .
the answer popped into place .
trying to force his mind to a happy place , he dug through the closet , every drawer in the nightstand , then searched under the mattress and bed .
my uneasiness in the world - the sure , complete belief that i did n't really have a place in it - that was n't about being a teenager .
the gargoyles and the stone and the cold - and the attitudes - it makes me feel so out of place .
` ` the first rule of evernight is that any vampire who seeks sanctuary must be given a place . ''
` ` then we will find you a place in the faculty apartments .
for lucas 's sake , and the sake of the people i cared about - for the love that endured after death - i had to find a place in this world .
to me it felt more like no place , some area between existence and nonexistence , but mysteries like this were beginning to feel almost routine now that i 'd become a wraith .
although i had a sense of place within this trap , it was still a trap , eating away at my very sense of reality and self .
was it possible there was a place for him in this world ?
her place in redgrave 's bed was as assumed , and as unnatural , as balthazar 's place beside constantia .
` ` this classroom is n't the place for your personal drama , people . ''
that fury and fear had no place to go .
instead he was in a place beyond memory or thought .
` ` i did n't mean to - well - it 's not my place to say , '' she finally managed to get out .
it seemed to her that she 'd gone from a place of ultimate fear to a place where fear did n't even exist .
but these were n't normal circumstances and she was n't going to allow herself to be trapped in a place that she could n't be sure she could escape from .
not the least of which was that she had no place in the middle of a battle involving vampires .
i was surprised i 'd gotten into her mind in the first place .
it makes perfect sense , and it explains why we suspected jon in the first place . ''
i do want to caution you all that this is not the only copy , and that if something happens to me or you do not reconsider your actions and my future place in your pack , this video will be uploaded onto youtube and forwarded to every tv station in the country . ''
now that i thought about it , i was n't even sure what had drawn me to her in the first place .
at least , after all that had happened , saira would never argue about my place on this island .
or at least a place of numbness .
yes , my body was sitting there on the lazy boy , experiencing time , but my mind had gone to a place that was both timeless and eternal .
just know that a lot has come into place to help you in this life ... to aid you , here and now . ''
i am , after all , taking her place in the triad , right ? ''
i said , ` ` except , of course , it 's not his place to tell you who you can and ca n't talk to . ''
it was the place , according to randall , where nightmare penetrates into your private dreams , enters them like a thief in the night .
of course , that 's if i had ever worked with her or come into contact with her in the first place .
the olde spaghetti house will always have a special place in my heart .
she was weeping now , into her other hand , and as i held her ethereal hand , which glowed in mine , i closed my eyes and wished very hard for her to leave this dark place , to leave and never return .
and , as with all firsts , he held a special place in my heart .
spurred by that thought , jordan rushed deeper , knowing where he must reach , a place roughly described to him by atherton , even though the professor had never been there himself .
it rose up between his fingertips , cold instead of warm , as if it came from some cool place deep within the earth .
it brought with it the forest scent of pine , out of place here in this desert .
scents as out of place in this modern era as father rhun korza himself .
the beast 's red - gold eyes shone with a malignancy that had no place under the sun .
the final resting place of the book had been sundered open , heralded by quakes , bloodshed , and the survival of one boy , an innocent child spared .
it sounded deep and merry and completely out of place in a snowy graveyard , especially after the threat to kill them .
his round face fell into lines of worry that looked out of place on one so youthful , betraying a hint of the hidden decades behind that smooth skin .
they worked so diligently , sure of their place in god 's plan .
to leave his world in peace and ascend to his place in the heavens . ''
` ` my place is always at your side . ''
had arella even drawn that symbol in the sand so he would know to come to this place ?
is this a place for the foreseers ?
i ' m just hoping that it worked - that i ' m back to a place in time where alex is alive , i ' m not possessed and everything is good , well as good as it can be .
i look over at alex , thinking about the vision i saw right before i was dropped into the place where my father was .
` ` so i can get inside this thing and fix the vision and hopefully all this other stuff that 's gotten out of place will be fixed too . ''
i do n't know how long i sat there , staring at the sketch and waiting for the lightbulb moment when everything clicked into place , but all i managed to accomplish was giving myself a headache .
i wondered if he came here , to this place in his mind , whenever they took their pound of flesh .
i 'd lashed out at gin , when i should have been blaming myself for not protecting her and the others from salina in the first place .
i used one of the day 's credit card receipts to mark my place in the odyssey .
all around me , the battered brick of the pork pit murmured with unease , sensing the emotional upheaval that had already taken place inside and my dark intentions now .
because putting her face back the way it 's supposed to be is going to be just as painful as what he did to her in the first place .
her black goth clothes looked out of place among the pastel appliances , like a storm cloud suddenly passing in front of the sun .
the yellow taxi seemed out of place among all the stretch limos crawling up the curving driveway like fat , black beetles .
i did n't even know why sophia enjoyed getting rid of the bodies in the first place .
i think she needs you to remind her exactly what her place is . ''
it had burned me in a way nothing else ever had , not even when mab monroe had melted the spider rune into my palms in the first place .
and i did n't volunteer any more information or even ask why bria was so interested in finding roslyn in the first place .
hell , it goes so far back that i do n't even think mab really knows how it started in the first place .
especially since my elemental magic , my dual powers , was the reason that mab had murdered my family in the first place .
he knew his power and his place in the world , and he did n't try to hide it .
because i knew that being touched was probably the last thing in the world that roslyn had wanted then , especially since i was the reason she 'd been beaten in the first place .
but men like brown , who got their rocks off hurting and abusing kids , well , there was a special place in hell for them .
` ` you know , you never did tell me the real reason why you want the spider dead so badly in the first place , '' elektra murmured .
no files , no papers , nothing that gave me any clue as to why the old man had rescued bria or how he 'd even known she was in trouble in the first place .
and finally owen , full of that strength and quiet inner confidence that had drawn me to him in the first place .
still , i wondered why fletcher had bought the property in the first place .
perhaps the stones of my ruined house sensed the fire elemental 's opposing magic , or perhaps they knew she was the reason that i 'd lashed out at them in the first place .
i wondered if donovan had noticed it - if it was what had drawn him to callie in the first place .
we were both part of bria 's life , and we each had our place in my sister 's heart .
i wondered what the casino boss thought of all that , if he 'd been pleased eva had taken his side over her brother 's , if he even knew why she 'd done such a thing in the first place .
thankfully , no one had broken in overnight , and nothing was out of place .
what i want is simple : to take my rightful place in the ashland underworld .
i only wish you 'd come here first so i could have put you in your rightful place to start with .
all the comments about taking her father 's place in the underworld .
then i let go of it , let it float away like a butterfly on a bright day , because the darkest part of the night was yet to come , and there was no place for it here .
everything had a place , and there was a place for everything .
everything had a place , and there was a place for everything .
if jo - jo had been healing someone , his or her skin would have smoothed out , as though that person had never been shot in the first place .
actually , i wondered why they 'd let me live in the first place .
maybe it was crazy , but i wanted to reach out and help sebastian , even though i did n't dare to - and even though i was the one who 'd caused him so much pain in the first place .
there was no place for me in sebastian 's world , and i did n't want to drag him into mine .
besides , i ' m the one who dragged you into this life in the first place . ''
not to mention my guilt that roslyn had been targeted in the first place solely because of her friendship with me .
pieces fell into place in my head : saiman , golden and high on magic , dancing on the roof and celebrating ` ` the time of the gods , '' his fluid changes of shape , his self - interest , his ego , and him now , an enormous monster , a giant of a man .
for greg , the order was a place of safety .
annan also guides dead people to their resting place in the otherworld .
` ` if you want to get technical , it 's not my place to tell you .
for him the order was a place of refuge and security , a place of power .
for him the order was a place of refuge and security , a place of power .
the world stopped spinning and i found my place in it .
the words clamored in my head , shifting and tossing , trying to find their place .
` ` he looks out of place in jeans , '' crest said .
it was so out of place in my sunlit world that for a moment it did n't seem real .
which is why i had approached him in the first place .
her instinct told her that whatever she said next would define her place in this house .
loyalty has its place , but your first responsibility is to yourself . ''
she blinked as the implications fell into place .
the caste believed their role in assisting the goddess in her return would earn them a special place with her .
emotions had no place here .
it 's also the place our subconscious connects to during our dreams .
i never should have come here in the first place . ''
my life there had n't been perfect either , but at least i understood my place there .
then i 'd pay a visit to his shitty apartment and teach him what happens to mortals who do n't know their place in the food chain .
i did n't want to ruin our postmakeup - sex bliss with a reminder of why we 'd fought in the first place .
no doubt that 's why he 'd been eavesdropping in my dream in the first place .
she wore a simple black wrap dress and black stiletto pumps , which seemed out of place in the timeworn villa .
the only reason i 'd been allowed to live in the first place was that my maternal grandmother and alpha domina , lavinia kane , found me useful as an assassin .
although , maybe the reasons she was on the run tied into her need for the vest in the first place .
once again , i was struck by her beauty - the ivory skin and clear blue eyes seemed so out of place among this team of warriors .
` ` listen , sabina , i know it 's not my place , but we 're all really glad you 're here . ''
as the pieces clicked into place , relief flooded me that i 'd won the battle against the old , bloodthirsty voice in my head .
it 's not my place to tell your people whom they should support and choose to govern themselves . ''
i never understood why he was placed in charge in the first place .
the place was getting hazy , and i knew i 'd run myself dry .
i would give anything for a place where i belong .
there was no place for her in this world . ''
i ' ve earned my place in this world ; with backbreaking work i ' ve earned it .
life is hard for them , so they attack it and fight for their own place in it .
it 's convenient for us to let them think they 're human for the time being , but in the end , there is no place for them in our society .
` ` it 's not my place to explain this to you .
` ` i challenged my sister for her place in the clan . ''
she has no place in the beast lord 's quarters .
now i realized it was probably sarah 's unstableness that had drawn the inquisitor to her in the first place .
` ` i ' m not sure how true this is , but scythe said that the ghoul movement to ' take back their rightful place ' was gaining ground all over america .
and blood was how marie had gotten her powers in the first place , as a mambo whose powers became permanent when she was turned into a ghoul .
with my current emotional state , i 'd probably think the only safe place for his ashes was tucked inside my clothes next to the garlic and weed .
` ` it was your brash bravery that made me fall in love with you in the first place .
the last lagging bit of reality clicked into place .
but before i leave , i thought you should know why you 're in this war in the first place .
hell , isa had frazier to thank for the fact that robert had even stepped foot in her restaurant in the first place .
he figured it was a judge , maybe from columbus , where most of the evidence - tampering had taken place .
` ` i was n't in the right place mentally . ''
i paused , then i got to why i had let this happen in the first place .
but , he never would have been able to fill the place in my heart you guys do . ''
he slammed me against the mat and , as i tried to catch my breath , he lay over me , feeling all warm and big and very much male , reminding me why i had taken him as a regular lover in the first place .
and fourth , which was n't really a rule , but it still deserved its definite place in my memory log , was that the kings were sadistic sobs with a major gambling problem between the four of them .
my place on the coalition is sound , and as the last surviving daughter of lilith , i carry her magic inside me .
the female wolf has just become more powerful than you and is now ready to take her rightful place on the coalition . ''
in order for the princess to become the new ruler of hell , and take her rightful place on the coalition , she had to gain lili 's power - not the other way around , and once she did , a new reign would truly begin , just as the demon scriptures predicted .
in the short time we were together she hinted about her place on the coalition , as well as the female lycan who had sent her to hell , and of one who would be born again .
tally nodded , like everything had clicked into place for her .
there 's a place in my world for humans .
we had to find out whom he was working for and why he 'd been there in the first place .
you just need time , and i promise everything will fall into place .
having the support of many significant wolves would help eliminate some of the dissension , but any wolf who felt my position would affect their place in the pecking order would choose to fight me eventually no matter who supported me , or why .
he looked massive and out of place in the obviously fragile antique .
he was giving off something new , and i could n't sort it fast enough , but whatever it was , it was heady and strange and it was all over the place , pinging around in my mind like a pinball drenched in honey .
we 're going to have to figure out who he 's working for and why he was here in the first place . ''
we are animals at our core , and fighting one another for our rightful place in this world is natural .
she saw ned and arnie across the aisle , looking somehow out of place in dark suits instead of their uniforms .
they had satisfied his hunger but found no place in his heart .
it had taken him quite some time to realize that some of what he saw took place in the present and some in the past , that some elements were fact and some were fiction , though he could n't always tell which was which .
he was the first fledgling melina had made ; as such , he had always held a special place in her heart .
he should bid karinna farewell , go after vilnius , retrieve his father 's sword , and find a place for himself in this new world .
until she knew her place .
he had raised luisa single - handedly , taught her about the world and her place in it , looked after her when she was sick , applauded her accomplishments .
that was it , as if he was a visitor from another time , another place .
only fools permitted others , especially humans , to know their resting place , and santiago had never been a fool .
the lakota believed that the sacred paha sapa were the heart and soul of their people , and although santiago was not lakota , he was indian enough to understand why the lakota revered this place above all others .
` ` your place is here , with us .
the sound echoed off the walls and the ceiling , sounding totally out of place within the squalid confines of the cell .
* * * chapter 10 victor rinaldi listened attentively to the conversation taking place between his father and russell alissano .
it was time for the werewolves to shed their veneer of humanity and take their proper place in the world - right at the top of the food chain .
the same was true of his place in tennessee .
if his place in phoenix had been sparse , this one was magnificent - from the polished parquet floors to the luxurious velvet draperies at the barred windows .
she knew her father loved victor like a son , knew that victor had taken mark 's place in her father 's heart .
a place in his past , maybe .
whether he liked it or not , a 325 - year - old vampire had no place in daisy o'donnell 's life or her future .
there was no time in this place of dreams , and they had explored each other at their leisure .
not only that , she missed her own place in la .
there was no place for them in the world he lived in , and certainly no place for him in hers .
for those who dislike change , the world can be a frightening place .
but there is no place for you here .
murmuring , ` ` yes , '' she clung to him , caught up in a sensual whirlwind that carried her away to a place where she had never been , a mystical place where there were no doubts , no fears for the future , only the incredible pleasure of his bite and the magic of two souls blending , bonding , to become one .
murmuring , ` ` yes , '' she clung to him , caught up in a sensual whirlwind that carried her away to a place where she had never been , a mystical place where there were no doubts , no fears for the future , only the incredible pleasure of his bite and the magic of two souls blending , bonding , to become one .
and then elena had wandered into wolfram castle and it was as if sunlight had taken residence in the old place .
she had a destiny to fulfill , and zack ravenscroft had no place in it .
liliana also had a place of her own .
if humans were n't going to live up to their part of the agreements that allowed their cities to exist in the first place , the terra indigene saw no reason for those cities to continue existing .
` ` and photographers take pictures of the human places .
` ` so they obliged when asked to look at human places .
they had found a new place in their relationship .
oh yes , she wanted the calm that came with being in a place of grace , a place that fed one 's spirit with peacefulness .
you 'll kill my enemy and then i 'll leave you be and take my place in hell.hell ?
i could almost see what my whole life was like , but when those last dozen pieces fell into place , i saw the whole picture .
even knowing she 'd have daniel close as her guardian death angel , her stepdad had his place in her heart and always would .
when holiday reached for her hair and twisted it into a rope , kylie remembered the reason she 'd come to the office in the first place .
i assigned della as kylie 's shadow , and it 's not your place to change my orders .
mentally , you need to put yourself in a different place , a place where you feel love and good things , where you experience life at its best .
when he did n't seem to worry about his lack of clothes , kylie decided that maybe it was her place to worry .
so my family could lose their place in the coven if i ca n't come through . ''
my emotions are al over the place lately . ''
but she recalled how upset he 'd been when she 'd first awoken from that dark , damp place .
` ` if you change your mind about working for us , you will find there is a place for you here . ''
chase sat right beside della , as if it was his place .
vela understood exactly what had to be done and with a thought , she took samuel into that dreamy place where she 'd lived the recent nightmare , dark around the edges , but still in the workout center .
she sat in a box beside madame endelle , a place of honor , since all european two royalty inhabited the remaining first tier boxes the entire distance from one side of the room to the other .
now she was completely on her own in a place that felt foreign to her .
maybe she should have never come down to talk to her grandmother in the first place .
she knew once she did that , all the pieces would fall into place and everything would start to make sense again .
rachel thought these questions were a bit irrelevant and out of place in this conversation about the red amulet but went along with them as to not upset her , especially after barging in on them without warning .
rachel stood there , looking at the passing clouds , wondering why she did n't think about the kaleidoscope in the first place .
they said they should never have moved up here in the first place , '' he answered .
not one thing out of place , not one thing had changed since their move .
honestly , she was surprised he even let her in in the first place .
her nerves were all over the place and she could not sit still .
she did n't know what had awakened in cassie 's place , but even she could sense that it was something that none of them had ever seen before .
she tried hard to process this information , but it would not slip into place when her world was tilting so precariously at the moment .
she looked like a lost child , out of place amongst the laughing , giggling girls gathered in a large group twenty feet away from her .
there was no place for victory here .
there was suddenly nothing inside of her , but the empty pit , and a growing sense of something else , something wrong and very out of place .
the girl was very comfortable in this hideous place , very at home .
and now , well now for the first time since she had been placed in this awful place , she was finally feeling the real her bubbling beneath the surface again .
jealousy had no place here .
with a soft sigh , she pushed the melancholy thoughts aside ; there was no place for them tonight .
she could not allow human emotions to slip in here ; there was no place for them now .
her heart leapt like a trapped bird in her ribcage at the sight of his powerful body that seemed so out of place in the classroom .
the power that ran through him seemed completely out of place for a normal teenage boy in history class .
then , she had gone to training tonight and was forced to remember why she had kept herself so shut off in the first place .
their joy was oddly out of place in the pulsing malevolence encompassing her .
they all looked so young and immature , devon seemed vastly older and out of place amongst them .
the warm aura of the room seemed out of place with the dark cloud surrounding her .
there was a hum of power in him that was out of place with a normal human , but she could n't resist it .
it now seemed malevolent to her , awful , wrong , out of place in what used to be the warm comfort of her kitchen .
as the last pieces of the puzzle slid into place , cassie 's breath locked in her chest as panic clenched at her .
the association seemed completely out of place amidst the death and mayhem surrounding them , but he could n't shake the hope it brought with it .
braith held her hand steady as he stared at her , and she realized that jealousy had no place here .
she was gradually finding her place within it , something she never would have thought possible even a week ago .
she knew her father would have been thrilled to see all the changes that were taking place , and his children helping to make those changes .
it had no place here , this was their one night , he wanted to be honest , and she could not fault him for that .
they had forced her down here , forced her into this place that was obviously terrifying her .
and he had come to realize that it would only ever be her that could pull him from that dark place .
this was not her world , she did not belong in this place of blood and death and strange bloodlinks that allowed the blind to see .
and as a human , she would have no place by his side .
it was john 's place that she had taken in this cramped hell of nearly certain death and terror .
he had also been her first crush as a young girl , before she 'd come to understand that there would never be a place for love in her life .
though she was often defiant , confident and fearless with the prince those three things had no place here .
she feared that it might not , and as long as it was upon her she would never be able to break free of this awful place .
and they could go no farther , for neither victoria nor brim knew how to find the hidden place .
particularly since my time has now come to leave them and return to my place . ''
if he was n't tutela , it was n't your place to determine whether he lived or died . ''
screams , howls , barks ... victoria did not want to go back into that horrible place .
or at least satisfaction that her place on earth was as more than merely one half of a marriage , a womb to bear an heir , or a showpiece for her mother to flaunt .
they had sparkling goblets that looked out of place in a gloomy room lit not with lamps or sconces , but with only candles - although there were nearly as many candles tonight as there had been last night on the corso .
` ` he could have saved many other lives if he 'd taken his rightful place in the consilium . ''
he , as max had done , would find his place here , and learn to grow beyond his faults and mistakes .
but we had no place to record our history until a gardella monk scribed this book in the twelfth century .
the autopsy room was a noisy place .
soon , things would fall into place and wildrif would have his revenge .
worried over what his parents might be discussing , ashe shadowed nathan as nathan sniffed his way through the addition , looking for anything unusual or out of place .
coming to terms with his place in the world , '' trajan opened up the box containing their dessert - a pineapple upside - down cake from an aransas pass bake shop .
you should still have enough strength to get through the gate and to the place i described to you .
merrill had n't changed much inside his study over the years , and the letter opener , which resembled a roman sword , still held a place of honor on merrill 's desk .
i think melida knows how things stand , now - she 's a widow ; she has no place with findal 's family and she wants children , though her father says she has no desire to replace findal in her heart . ''
he also had his eye on the honored one 's place in the council , and made careful plans to take it .
he will have a favored place in the family as my youngest great - grandchild . ''
and other things were clicking into place , too - things like who else might have known , and when did they know ?
` ` i have no place for you , '' dragon informed her .
there were no reassurances for me when my eyes had opened in an unfamiliar place .
a pregnant female has no place in these proceedings , and if i describe the executions to you , well , just be assured i will not be doing that ! ''
if they 'd known i could have snapped those chains with a flick of my wrist , they might not have put them on me in the first place .
` ` bear in mind , '' kifirin set the gold bar down , ` ` that others now hold a place in her heart .
well , things started falling into place for me , right then .
things were starting to fall into place , and i did n't like the picture it presented .
not a bit of glamour in my less than super - hero changing place .
that discussion is already taking place within the temple .
they have no place here .
we feel that her marriage to gavin should take place as soon as she returns and then she will be confined and placed under the strictest of compulsions unless she can be of assistance to you , gavin or one of the enforcers .
soldiers could be gotten into places they 'd only dreamed of before - secret meetings between enemy operatives or inside tanks , planes and helicopters - lissa had .
the ground - level floor was the place for questioning , it seemed ; i could tell that compulsion had been laid already as i came back to solid form .
` ` thank you for the painting , '' he indicated the david portrait of napoleon that now held a place of honor on one of his walls .
you know why - you suggested he come to me in the first place , '' tony said .
we were joined at the hip , he and i , and tony had no place in any of that .
he had light brown hair , hazel eyes and seemed completely out of place among the others inside the cave .
` ` ilaisaane , while i appreciate the humor , it has no place in these proceedings . ''
not in how he looks - this boy is darker and more muscular than jason - but in the way he stands and walks , as if he knows his place in the world with absolute certainty .
there is nothing out of place in his whole office .
the only evidence that i remember seeing that proved a murder had taken place was the body of mr . william robertson .
beside the door to the recorder hall is a painting , a portrait of me , held in a place of honor .
` ` not your place to do what ? ''
` ` and there 's no place for me , huh ? ''
` ` there 's no place for an eldest .
it has no place here ; it has no place in any world without walls or lies .
it has no place here ; it has no place in any world without walls or lies .
we are in a place where there are only answers , and my answer to him is yes .
we came to a greater understanding of the world around us and of our place in it .
however , i still could n't quite figure out why she 'd even wanted to be one so badly in the first place .
i looked for the first time at the great library of alexandria - a place so entrenched in lore and mythology that i 'd been taught about it even in hushlander schools .
was not my place to say so .
it became a little hard to focus on why i 'd come to the party in the first place .
i realized that nobody else could hear us - which , indeed , is kind of the point of whispering in the first place .
' bastille , you recovered your place in the knights , exposed - and defeated - a traitor to your order , and stopped the librarians from kidnapping or killing the council of kings .
but the most notable aspect of my new education is the one that takes place outside of class.the one never mentioned in the glossy brochures .
and i ' m positive it 's happened - that max has left or my parents have cornered him into a heated argument about the lack of direction in his life - when i reach my street and everything clicks into place .
but the day everything fell into place was the same day i discovered that he 'd become interested in his appearance .
it 's his place , but it 's not his place .
` ` thinking , '' she replies , and it is to elijah 's credit that he realizes : to julia , thinking is indeed a place .
it occurs to me for the first time that i ' m not exactly sure why lindsay started hating juliet in the first place , or when .
the point is , so long as he 's not completely 100 percent dead , a piece of him is trapped in this in - between place .
things are clicking into place , making a horrible kind of sense : she needed us here , needed that final push .
it 's not your place to sit with those losers .
well , it was not my place to ask , and so i did n't .
` ` it is not my place to mind .
at the same time i felt this out of place pride , i felt a careening spiral of guilt too .
and i ca n't say her reasons for sure , plus it 's not my place .
i paused for a moment , letting his cocky words hang in the air to see if he would pick up on his out of place arrogance .
but that was n't my place anymore .
suddenly a brain - rototilling free - for - all is taking place in an enclosed space , right behind my eyeballs .
the theories are all over the place , from almost rational : reid and i had a fight over graham , or over reid 's new girl , to mind - boggling : the whole thing is a ploy to throw the public off the truth - that i ' m actually pregnant with reid 's baby , or is it graham 's ? -cue the close - up of my supposed baby bump ( my tummy in this photo looks as though i may have eaten half a slice of bread or missed one freaking day of crunches last week , jesus h. christ ) .
i grip the phone tighter , bound by my own designs for reconnecting with him in the first place .
i ' m right for- '' ` ` no , '' i say again , louder , and then i look down and see the nak*d hunger on her dazed , upturned face and the needling detail clicks into place in my brain .
now it 's over , he 's gone , and i feel a hol ow place inside , like he 's taken a slice of me with him as a souvenir .
excluded from decisions concerning her care except where his opinion is quietly sought by my parents , he has no official place in her life- this woman he wanted to marry , the person with whom he intended to link his future .
i ' ve never felt so out of place .
i lurch into her room - watery blue wal s and fish swimming in a school across the ceiling and nothing out of place .
' it 'll be up to the judge whether the adoption takes place here in texas or is transferred to a california court ... ' ' adoption ? '
most people dismiss relationships that take place at fourteen or fifteen .
it 's not my place to say , you understand , except where river is concerned .
a place where there 's no guilt or fear , no right or wrong , no divine punishments or senseless accidents or indeterminate states .
you ' ve got- '' ` ` it 's not your place to be telling me this , '' he says , his face reddening .
i had my little place in the chaos .
` ` i know it is n't my place to say this , but i think you should consider reapplying for a place at the university .
not going straight to the heart of the ther , the place where all things die , was something i 'd always feared .
that was how i widened my perception of the ther : i could push my spirit from its natural place , to the farthest edges of my dreamscape .
` ` think of your spirit as a muscle , tearing from its natural place , '' warden said .
who helped you see farther into the ther , to move your spirit from its natural place ? ''
maybe carl had never found a place in the syndicate .
they 'd found a place in this colony , but i never would .
` ` she is , m'dear , but you were my first love and there will always be a place in the mcbride heart for your own fine self . ''
` ` a bit , ezra , but all is in place as far as i can manage it . ''
` ` it is not your place to object , miss faber , '' says prosecutor brown , looking down his long nose at me .
you , sir , are a blue - assed baboon and you have no place in a court of law !
( we used to have a troop of boy scouts , but when the boy scouts decided gays had no place in their ranks , our scouts decided the organization had no place in our town ; they changed their name and continued on . )
( we used to have a troop of boy scouts , but when the boy scouts decided gays had no place in their ranks , our scouts decided the organization had no place in our town ; they changed their name and continued on . )
space is the place !
boy21 takes my place on the bench with the starters .
i ' ve never taken drugs , but i wonder if taking acid might feel something like listening to space is the place in the dark while staring up at glow - in - the - dark sticker constellations .
i had my safe place back , and that helped when i had to cross the threshold of instability at home .
after everything that had happened , my safe place had become the place i dreaded most .
i had my mother to thank for clicking it all into place for me with her bouts of drunken candor .
i ran my eyes over nate 's face , allowing it to all click into place .
but i was so comfortable under the warmth of the blanket , in my restful place , with him next to me , waiting .
i knew she had a distorted way of looking at the world and her place in it .
emma had always had a different way of processing the world and her place in it .
' i know it 's really not my place to ask you , but ... is everything okay between you and emma ?
that 's when it all fell into place .
i always seemed to know where the players on the other team were going to pass the ball , and it gave me a place to sit in the cafeteria every day .
and of course , pulled pork sandwiches , which looked particularly out of place among the other dishes .
you ' ve found your place in the order of things .
maybe there was a reason we had stumbled across that locket in the first place .
i still had no idea why amma had insisted i invite lena in the first place .
charlotte was walking up the stairs , in yards of shiny lavender taffeta two sizes too small , toward her sparkly , plastic silver crown and her usual place in fourth position of the royal court , behind eden - ice handmaiden , i guess .
you have no place in this town .
she looked so out of place in her old jeans and my oversized jackson high hoodie .
you walked through the door , and you were transported to another physical place .
for me , that place was always inside a book .
` ` so , i guess the whole thing was link 's idea in the first place . ''
things were starting to fall into place .
` ` i guess you could say they are the absence of history , the place the caster chronicles can not touch .
a place that transported you somewhere , whether it was across the sea or to the paradise the sisters were always talking about .
i ai n't seen twyla since that day either , and she 's the one who crossed me over in the first place . ''
all you ended up seeing was more than you wanted to in the first place .
this place was cold and evil , like sauron 's tower in the lord of the rings .
i was in a place where great things could happen and did happen .
a place where all things were judged and punished .
like a lot of women , julia reserved a special place in her heart for the elegant restaurant where a man had popped the question that had changed her life .
the new state of single by a columnist at a national daily that had weather predictions , box scores , and a place on the lobby counter at every hotel in america .
as i sat down in my chair and stared at my hands , i started wondering if counseling was the best place for me .
they 'd regretted bringing her out here in the first place .
i think i 'd be ... more okay if i knew why mom left in the first place .
kain climbed off the railing , effectively reminding me of my place in the scheme of things .
i 'd never understand what mom had seen in him in the first place .
whatever he knew final y clicked into place for him .
i assumed he was talking about elysia - a place very much like heaven .
that was why the apollyon had been created in the first place .
angel , how do you think the daimons got into catskills in the first place ?
poking at my noodles , i frowned as fragments of my time on the elixir slid into place .
there was talk of nothing important and i figured they were waiting for me to finish eating before the real , necessary conversations took place .
` ` let 's take the conversation to a more comfortable place , then . ''
as it cleared and the glimpse of images settled into place , i thought the circular chamber and its sandstone walls looked vaguely familiar .
` ` the right thing would ' ve been to take your place among the council , as you were raised to do . ''
i knew i was n't alone in convincing myself that lea was , or would be , in a much better place - a place where the fighting could no longer reach her , where the future was no longer precarious , and where she was reunited with her loved ones .
` ` normal '' did n't have a place on my list of words describing us .
i got to be specially watchful that this elizabeth do n't dump a pot of tea on my new clothes to teach me my place , as if i do n't know my place already , so when she comes up to me to pour me a cup , i got my napkin on my lap and i ' m ready to spring up and out of the way if i see some unwanted liquid comin ' my way .
amy says in a low voice that none but me can hear , ` ` i do n't know if it is my place to be telling you this , and i hope you do not think i make a practice of eavesdropping on other people 's conversations , but ... '' -and there 's a long pause .
` ` i go to a church for solace and consolation and to be in company with my friends in the presence of god and to think about my place in his universe , not to be beaten and shamed ! ''
well , we must know our place .
i can tell 'cause i hear echoes like it 's a big enclosed place .
it was late and i knew as the hours went by , a battle of sorts would take place in the streets and even in the skies .
my thoughts were all over the place , which had made it impossible for me to sit still .
but really , that smile of hers felt out of place .
i ' m still trying to find my place in your world , y'know ? ''
` ` your place in my world is with me , '' he says , reaching up to touch my bottom lip with the pad of his thumb .
i knew that adria did n't keep the truth from me to save herself , to secure her place in my heart .
i settle with : ` ` well , it was n't ever really my place to invite you . ''
` ` you both always have a place here ; i hope you 'll never forget that .
i ' m falling fast and hard into some unknown place because i know that it 's not back in the cabin .
in the moment she cries out at him and a set of giant black porous wings emerge from his back , i am sucked from this strange place and find myself dangling from the balcony in the cabin by eva 's hand .
when she was alone , the empty place within her , the missingness as she thought of it , seemed to swell .
your place is in the human world .
karou feared that they would go into the shop and close the door behind them , trapping her in this strange place .
akiva took the place in with a puzzled expression , coffins and all , and called it ` ` morbid . ''
so out of place here - that voice , that language .
he learned to go into his pain , like it was a place .
once she even rehearsed what she was going to say to akiva as she flew to the requiem grove , but as soon as she saw him it went out of her mind , and she slipped without struggle into the luxury of joy , in the place they had come to think of as the world from her story - the paradise waiting for lovers to fill it with happiness .
` ` the moon 's tears are what created chimaera in the first place . ''
if a human created ` ` life , '' there could be no soul , only a poor benighted monster with no place in the world - or heaven or hell , either , if you were concerned about that , which karou was not .
but his place was here , on this side of the world .
he had been doing a kata , seeking sirithar , trying to find a place of calm wherein an answer might come to him .
the chimaera host was gathered in the court and ready to fly when they heard a sound in the distance , a mundane sound with no place in this wasteland silence .
i guess it just all fell into place . ''
this seems like a place where nothing should flourish or grow , where the sun should never shine : a place on the edge , at the limit , a place completely removed from time and happiness and life .
this seems like a place where nothing should flourish or grow , where the sun should never shine : a place on the edge , at the limit , a place completely removed from time and happiness and life .
this seems like a place where nothing should flourish or grow , where the sun should never shine : a place on the edge , at the limit , a place completely removed from time and happiness and life .
she must have known they were coming for her , and would take her to that terrible place .
and then , her voice swelling , rising to a high pitch : ` ` there 's a place for everything and everyone , you know .
they think that only certain people have a place .
but even waste must have a place .
i can somehow feel it as we enter the holland tunnel : the long , dark throat around the van , a watery , echoey place .
at the top of the gate , someone has tacked a small metal plate engraved with a quotation from the book of shhh : happy are they who have a place ; wise are they who follow the path ; blessed are they who obey the word .
my ears are full of rushing ; i have been sucked into a tunnel , a place of pressure and chaos .
people need to be reminded of their place .
this is my life and my place : here , next to fred hargrove .
it is no longer my place ; i am not welcome here .
in valid cities it 's those places that get stomped out firglemped oust , even before the cure - the wounds and weirdness and the pieces we carry like misshapen gifts , waiting for a person to welcome them .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ eric walked the streets for hours , trying to subdue his pain , but his feet still took him to the darkest place in the city - the place that would sate his burning desire for blood .
i sat in the darkened alcove alone , messing up cues , and losing my place in the script .
it 's to see if they misunderstood the prophecy , and what their place in it was for all these years .
it 's the place between slumber and wake ; the place where dreams feel vivid and nightmares seem real .
it 's the place between slumber and wake ; the place where dreams feel vivid and nightmares seem real .
i was certain i would see that place before i left the underworld .
` ` we have no place among angels anymore .
maybe she was accessible to all of them , but somehow eric and i had claimed special places in her life .
i wanted to take her with us , but collin said she was bound to the pool of lost souls and there was nothing i could do to help her leave that horrid place .
this place filled me with dread , more so than the golden grave of the lorren .
if eric could tolerate returning to that horrible place , i should be able to as well .
that statement makes me remember why we had started hanging out in the first place .
` ` you knew i would n't want you to see him and that 's why you lied to me about who he was in the first place . ''
both believed it was a place for the souls of the dead .
the least i could do was take his place on earth .
cole had always told me that most of the everneath was a place of light , but i was n't expecting the extraordinary brightness of the place i had landed in .
cole had always told me that most of the everneath was a place of light , but i was n't expecting the extraordinary brightness of the place i had landed in .
there had n't been a right answer since i went to the everneath in the first place .
i wanted to ask ashe why he 'd tried going through the maze in the first place , but a look from cole made me hesitate .
the place where emotions reside . ''
the truth was , i was in a strange place .
but i wanted to find out cole 's place in it all .
i smelled the air , but his emotions were all over the place .
a person who just over two weeks ago had had a place in my heart .
not making things any easier was the fact that jack was listening , and many of the more positive memories i had of cole took place during the time jack was away at football camp and ended with me following cole to the underworld .
in your heart , in your bones , no matter how silly you know it is , you feel that everything has been leading to this , all the secret arrows were pointing here , the universe and time itself crafted this long ago , and you are just now realizing it , you are just now arriving at the place you were always meant to be .
kelsea cook 's mind is a dark place .
is she unburdening herself , going along with it , or is she defiant , denying that she ever wanted help in the first place ?
as if when someone close to us dies , we momentarily trade places with them , in the moment right before .
i held the photo up against real life , figured out my place in it .
or was it just another form of prison , just another place where you felt the weight of all the stones , all the people , all the thoughts ?
` ` so , is your mom worried about her place on the board ? ''
it 's like they know their place in life and that 's that . ''
funny , but my near panic attack had made me forgot why we 'd came up here in the first place .
his hands were in his pockets , and the lack of uncertainty he carried looked out of place on him .
here we were , about to be froze to death by monsters , and aislin was ... well , i have no idea what she was doing , but it seemed really out of place , all things considering .
although i ' m not even sure why you brought us here in the first place . ''
it seemed like whatever evil thing was about to take place here , he might actually be a part of it .
my emotions were all over the place , and the electricity was sparking like a firecracker .
all i could do was cross my fingers , and hope that i would return to adessa 's and find a more than cooperative nicholas awaiting to tell me in detail what needed to be done to get my mother out of that horrendous place known as the underworld .
i could feel that something would , i just hoped it was the queen entering , along with a future me and future nicholas as we tried to strike up a deal to get my mother out of this creepy place .
i felt very strange , my emotions running all over the place , almost like the prickle was malfunctioning or something .
with everything i ' ve told you about it , i ' m sure you fully understand that a place where the dead walk and torture punished souls could not be in any way welcoming .
i tried so hard to blink us out of that horrible place that i gave myself a splitting headache .
but i felt like she should know everything - after being trapped in a place of death and fear for as long as she had .
i slowly nodded and then started to explain everything that had happened to me - or did n't happen i guess i should say , because if i was here at this very moment , then those nine days at the cabin never took place .
i actually thought i was broken or something ; that whatever took place back on the beach had permanently blinded me or something .
we can try to find out if there 's some truth to it , but it 's probably true - it 's probably why he never wanted us to be near each other in the first place . ''
i shivered , still a little shocked by the idea that the room of forbidden was actually a place in his mind .
maybe seeing him threw me off , or maybe it was what he d said about going somewhere safe that made me think of the place where my dad resided , inside his own head , where he was trapped all alone .
neil would say to walk away from the whole thing , but then he did n't understand why i did it in the first place .
i still had no idea why he 'd even agreed to my plan in the first place , except that he must have pitied me .
it was n't just that i was scared of being wrong ... it was that i knew my place in the group .
i felt something settle into place , deep in my mind , warm and comforting and utterly right , and i knew that it was n't graduating , or the new york phil , or a record deal .
in the end you have to accept whatever you find out about yourself and make a place for you to belong to .
but as ari smiled back at her , warmth gathered in her chest and the tension in her shoulders unknotted , and all she could see was the sweet , concerned , funny rachel that had made ari want to be her friend in the first place .
i never wanted to go to penn in the first place . ''
jai 's face instantly changed , becoming blank again as she reminded him why he 'd come out here in the first place .
i ' m pissed at you for getting out of it in the first place . ''
` ` and you 're all about order and everything having its place . ''
in hinduism , mount kailash was considered to be a place of eternal bliss .
she believed the after would be a place of peace for the jinn .
` ` and along came king solomon , whom i knew was destined to have his place in religious history .
` ` that 's what happens when people forget their place , '' he said , his voice as cold as the dead eyes she stared into .
she 'd slipped up to her room after eating her sandwich earlier in the day , feeling out of place downstairs .
it 's time you learn what happens when people forget their place . ''
that 's what happens when people forget their place .
personal feelings have no place in business . ''
` ` i know , principe , but did n't we have a conversation yesterday about feelings having no place in business ?
he yelped as he grabbed his foot and plopped down on the bed beside her , the jarring losing her place .
what happens to people when they forget their place ? ''
carmine 's spoiled , but deep down he 's still a terrified little boy , trying to figure out where he belongs , just like you 're that girl looking for her place in the world .
` ` you found your place in the world .
it was out of place in the dismal hospital room .
` ` it 's not my place to press you for details , but if you have any questions , i can answer them . ''
her emotions were all over the place , up and down , a roller coaster of twisted thoughts and confusion .
he said it was what happened when people like me forget their place .
your father also should ' ve taught you there 's no place for emotions in this life . ''
she believed everything had a place where it belonged , but at times like these , all of that went out the window .
but your place is right here with your mother and me .
they each hold different places in my heart and life .
that there would always be a place for him , for my best friend , with me .
if there 's some way i ' ve driven her to this place in her life - where she wants to forget everything so instead of grabbing a basketball , like i do , she chooses to get lost in a bottle .
my calm place has suddenly grown two heads and an extra set of claws and i ' m not in the mood to deal with it .
i ' m caught in this weird place where i want to tell her where she can stick it , but i suddenly wants to kiss her , too .
which makes me wonder why i invited her here in the first place .
i was burning up from the inside , my senses were all over the place , and it was the best feeling i 'd ever had .
she was in every pore , soaking through my muscles and bones , taking up a place deep within my chest .
andrea waved the waiter away when he returned to see if we were ready to order , leaving me to tell her about sasha and why zach had started messing with us in the first place .
it took place on an icy december morning .
finally it came into view , a thing strangely out of place within this warehouse .
there was no place for me here , no secret terror to tackle .
or was i simply supposed to stroll across the street and take my rightful place beside them on that bench of shame ?
we had a place !
you 'll always have a place with us . ''
macey stayed in the center of it all , never shrinking from the spotlight , while i eased to the back of the arena and took my place among the shadows .
my mind flew from boston and back again , the deja vu growing stronger , the pieces of a puzzle falling into place .
there are times when he 's one of the strongest people i ' ve ever known , and then there are moments - like that one - when i think he might be broken , deep down , in a place that will never mend .
all covery operations courses will take place in room 132 .
and before her words had found a place in my mind - before the circle operatives who were rushing down the tunnel could reach us - i thought about the ravens , and i spread my wings to fly .
the trees were ablaze with bright reds and vivid yellows - colors that had no place at the beginning of summer .
he handed the passport to abby , but it was the book i was afraid to touch , not because it was unknown to me , but because i could recite every word and knew it had no place within those walls .
it seemed out of place there in that high - security fortress ; but i turned it anyway and backed away slowly , hoping that whoever had shot the ambassador would n't care about me .
there were at least a dozen things that she might have said to reclaim her place at the table , but there was only one that really mattered .
but right then he saw something that seemed a little out of place in the elaborately decorated ballroom .
and your place .
` ` it is not my place to talk , but i do see .
hale said they were n't supposed to use her - that she had no place in what they had to do .
` ` i do not think it is our place to question it . ''
everything falls into place as grayson takes a step back , gauging my reaction , waiting for me to take his bait .
i ' m still not sure how what she did fits into the picture , but i find it hard to believe that what she did was done from a place of evil .
how could i have forgotten why i was here in the first place ?
i do n't want to admit masada is a spiritual place for me , too .
all of us americans are still in our regular clothes , so we look out of place among the real soldiers .
it 's not my place to tell . ''
it was no secret i did n't hold a warm , affectionate place in my heart for marcie .
focusing with resolve on patch 's voice , i waited until the world crept back into place .
i hoped the more i said it , the more i 'd come to believe it , but the place that i reserved in my heart for trust felt hollow .
five seconds passed before everything fell into place .
caught in that woozy , topsy - turvy place between awareness and a full - on dream , my mind aimlessly wandered down a long , dark tunnel that narrowed with each step .
we 're in the room together , but it 's not a physical place .
i heard hank stand resolute a moment , probably trying to pinpoint , once more , whatever it was that had brought him up to search my bedroom in the first place .
i knew he wanted more from me , but i also knew he wanted my head in the right place .
` ` the world is no place for a nephil without a master .
every fallen angel would be given a choice : release their nephilim vassal from their oath and swear a new oath of peace , or make a new home for themselves in a place much hotter than coldwater , maine .
i was about to shake my head , to reaffirm that my cello had no place among the jamming guitars , no place in the punk - rock world .
i was about to shake my head , to reaffirm that my cello had no place among the jamming guitars , no place in the punk - rock world .
it 's like you do n't have a place in it when you do n't have a home . ''
there 's not a single picture of me , even though kat included me in so many of the family shots ; she 'd even hung a framed photo of me and mia and teddy in halloween costumes above their old living - room mantel , a place of honor in the hall home .
whatever place i held in mia 's life , in mia 's heart , was irrevocably altered that day in the hospital three and a half years ago .
help us find the summer princess , and your place in the nevernever will be assured .
i am to guide the iron queen , her knight and one other through the wyldwood , to a place called the wishing tree . ''
normal human beings did not react well to being dropped into an imaginary place with creatures that existed only in fairy tales .
` ` human technology has no place in the nevernever , '' he stated .
abruptly , i wondered if it had been lonely in the iron court , if he ever felt out of place , a half - human prince surrounded by fey .
he still wore his same calm , serious expression , as if he had n't just spent an hour listening to a teenager ramble about invisible creatures that only he could see , that he 'd been to a magical place called the nevernever , that he was related to a faery queen .
i want to ask what was said , but all at once , i feel incredibly young and out of place , stuck at the children 's table for thanksgiving .
no place to stay .
i calm down , and when i do , more of the missing pieces slot into place .
but she ca n't tell me to come to a place that no longer exists , any more than i can go to that place .
` ` from the same magical place as the go - go dancers ? ''
we occupy a strange place in the cast .
i know my emotions are all over the place , but i ' m not sure how to feel .
back then he held me and made me believe that as long as we were together , everything else would fall into place .
i feel like everything is falling into place so perfectly , and it scares me .
the shaking has returned , if it ever left in the first place .
they seem out of place , more like something belonging in a ten - year - old girl 's room .
i wonder why henri brought him along in the first place .
half of the page is now up , revealing the top of john smith 's face , his upturned eyes , which are dark and confident , though within them there 's a sense of discomfort that seems almost out of place .
my place is in the cafeteria line .
your father believed that the vacant place amongst the elders belonged to your family .
i realize i ' ve spaced out , gone to a place inside my own head , reeling from the shock of what just happened .
still , something nags at me , a sensation that i ca n't quite place , adding a dark edge to what is an otherwise perfect moment .
he 's spent the last three years worming his way into the general 's good graces , calling him ` ` father , '' assuming my rightful place as his son .
with my eyes still closed , i can drift off to a sweeter place : a california beach , my bare feet digging into the sand .
` ` yeah , not like i was planning to in the first place . ''
my feelings for him were all over the place and what he did for me yesterday , with the dinner and the christmas tree , meant something i could n't ignore .
` ` and dammit , my head is so not in the right place at this moment . ''
` ` kitten , your mind is a terrible and dirty place .
` ` i never liked that punk in the first place . ''
the main part is intact , but i feel a cracked place on the inside .
thomas suddenly felt dizzy , his eyes flickering between the boys and the bizarre place in which he 'd found himself .
he scanned the compound of the glade , this new place of nightmares where he seemed destined to live .
he looked up , wanting answers , but alby was already gone , a trembling branch the only sign he 'd ever stood there in the first place .
` ` keepers , take your place on the banishment pole . ''
thomas wanted to agree , but did n't know if it was his place .
so many pieces of tegan start to fall into place .
but then clementine , too , would have been stuck back at that awful place with no joy , no hope , no future , only vain wishes and prayers uttered by mountain streams , heard by nobody .
they look as out of place on this rough dock as the girls of the lawson peabody looked two months ago when confined in the belly of that vile slaver bloodhound .
even during those periods of intense melancholia to which he was prone , nothing mattered more to him than his perception of himself , his worthiness as a scientist and his place in history .
after origin of species but before the descent of man , for that is its place both thematically and chronologically .
in a soft voice the doctor spoke his name , squeezing gently the flaccid muscle beneath his hand , as if calling him back from that faraway , inapproachable place .
halfway to this final hiding place , he surmised , the doctor stumbled upon her trail , fresh tracks left in the moist soil , and they followed them until they reached the chamber in which we now waited for the doctor 's return .
what were you doing before i called you , and why did it take you so long to stop doing whatever it was that forbade you from coming in the first place ? ''
let us go then , you and i , like alice down the rabbit hole , to a time when there still were dark places in the world , and there were men who dared to delve into them .
` ` my place is at home , pellinore .
` ` it is not your place to worry about me . ''
it is not your place to worry about me .
` ` it may not look it , but there 's a place for everything , and everything is in its place .
` ` because i am a wanderer , and after going to and fro on the earth and walking up and down on it , i came to this place at last , the part after which there is nothing .
i looked up , expecting to see the doctor or awaale , and seeing neither , but the smiling face of the one who 'd begun it , the reason i was in this place of blood and rock and shadow , holding a bawling infant in my arms , the face of john kearns .
` ` it reminded me of why i became a monstrumologist in the first place . ''
it would be an extraordinary find and would seal my place as the foremost practitioner of my craft in the world . ''
her mother hovered a few steps behind her in the hall , unsure of her place .
it put me in a dark place that i 'd thought i 'd crawled out of years ago .
it was definitely a nice place , and i did feel a little out of place .
i felt just as out of place here as i did in hunter 's uncle 's house .
even before they came , it was my place to sit and think .
but afterward , it was my place to dream .
she looks so stiff and uncomfortable , immaculate and out of place in the comfortable chaos of this kitchen .
it 's hard enough to imagine that mom and i will eventually call some other building in this city our home ; it 's harder to imagine a home could exist for me in a place removed from ely ; the hardest part is recognizing that the distance should happen .
and she , heather , had no place in any of it .
the last thing i 'd ever want is for kiara to be mourning someone who did n't deserve her love in the first place .
` ` luis here wants to solidify his place in the lb family , boys , '' he calls out as they pile back in .
so we 'll make it so you can see terrible things that are going to take place and then try to change them before they happen . ''
it seemed out of place on his face .
it reminded me of how he had manipulated me in the first place .
` ` i wish you had n't turned me on to this in the first place , '' spencer said .
there 's a major cover - up taking place right under your nose ... and someone close to you has all the answers.-a chapter 8 hanna , interrupted bright and early on tuesday morning , hanna 's father navigated a narrow , woodsy back road somewhere in bumblefuck , delaware .
each of the girls let their minds go to a zen - like place , and for the first time in days they did n't automatically think of their horrible past .
everything was falling into place even better than she 'd imagined .
now all the pieces were fitting into place ... except the opportunity she needed .
to the right was cassie 's long and narrow side yard , which contained a garden that needed weeding , a stone wall that separated it from the neighbors , and an old claw - foot bathtub that was n't out of place here in funky old hollis .
she 'd kill them with kindness , dazzle them with the sparkling magic that drew them to her in the first place .
a strange , snapping sensation was taking place beneath her skin , nerves gone haywire .
i know we gave it back , but i should have never taken her money in the first place .
but this seemed different , like emily was in a dark , dark place and had no idea how to save herself .
` ` it was ali 's place to tell you . ''
only the vinegar seems out of place .
he straightens and i watch as our trip into louisville clicks into place .
i fear that scant other , possibly more worthy , instruction shall take place this afternoon , but so be it . ''
the old smooth - bore muskets of twenty years ago have no place on my ship .
she did nt know how to cook , how to prepare them , but she knew they did nt have bones or scales when she ate them , so that was a place to start .
instead , we had a secret place within salvation , as we were forbidden to go into the countryside , a half - finished house near the north side of town .
i 'd asked longshot if people could be haunted like places , but he 'd said , i ' m not even sure places can be , deuce .
these brats were smug and self - assured , confident of their place in the world .
after all this time , i had a proper place in the world and important work to do .
heaven was a new concept to me , like that of a soul , the place where people supposedly went after they died .
fear had no place in a huntress 's heart .
i wished i understood why he 'd chosen to give his place in the world to me .
not that it was my place to be concerned .
i come from the underground tribes , a place so dark that you ca n't even imagine .
i wished i could dream of morrow 's stories about rosemere , but my mind was a dark and awful place .
` ` i just do n't see why they have to have the melee in the first place , '' melody said .
if i traveled forward again through time and landed in a locked room , then supposing i found a way to get out , i 'd also have to think up some plausible explanation of how on earth i got there in the first place .
it was totally out of place , but she laughed with a gurgle , like caroline when mr . bean is on tv .
that is why there is no place for women in my lodge . ''
no one should have to feel the way they made me feel and i ' m pissed that i even let it happen in the first place .
fear will return everything to its proper place . ''
i should never forget my place .
this is my place ... now it 's your place , too .
such places are few and far between , these grand islands of eternity in the soupy , ever - changing world of the living .
then when someone grabbed his hair and hauled him upright , he found that the place of infinite peace he had discovered within himself did not leave him .
they had a greater place in the scheme of things .
perhaps mary was right about everlost being an eternal world : a place where all things and places that have earned immortality remain forever in glory .
chapter 3 audience with an ogre it was an old steam engine , forged and destroyed in the nineteenth century , but so well - loved by its conductor that it earned a place in everlost .
in her book , you do n't know jack , allie the outcast gives this as her final word on skinjacking : ` ` there is a truth about skinjacking that i ca n't tell you , because it 's not my place .
in time , mary dared to hope that someday he might even take nick 's place in her heart .
mary knew what he wanted ; he wanted to take nick 's place in her heart .
she did not want to endure another day in the dread place called the living world .
` ` you shut up about miss mary , or your new place will be inside the boiler . ''
well , if allie was right , and the universe was a place of justice , he understood why clarence 's key flew so far off course .
a place that exists both in the living world and in everlost that is rife with unpredictable supernatural properties .
it meant he was willing to talk , so there was hope of bringing him back from whatever dark place he was now in .
such a vile spirit had no place , no purpose in the world other than to defeat the effort of good souls like herself , and although her heart said west , fear of the wraith - and maybe even of a resurrected nick as well - was driving her off her true path .
his existence had always been comfortable , he had always held a clear picture of himself , his duties , and his place in a world .
he saw that world as a place so full of turning gears he had no hope of comprehending how things fit together , so why even try ?
it was not his problem , or his place to interfere .
then suddenly mrs . vayevsky felt her mind spinning into an unfamiliar place .
` ` we all find our place in the city of souls , '' said jix , looking around at the strange living mosaic .
from the outside world 's perspective , it might have appeared that choo - choo charlie had completely lost his mind , but in truth , he had never been more at peace with his place in the universe .
i believe you can be brought back from that angry place you ' ve been , and see the light .
this would be a bland and bare universe without everlost , but like a portrait , its place is on the side , not in the center .
instead , it transformed allie 's hatred of mary into pity ... for allie realized that mary could never escape from the dark place in which she existed .
` ` but i know my place in it . ''
i have to remind myself that her indomitable will is one of the reasons i fell in love with her in the first place .
i do n't even know if it 's my place to be giving her advice , but she seems to be soliciting it .
she looked out of place in the elegant hotel lounge , although she was dressed appropriately enough .
she gasped as it came into view - it was absolutely stunning , a grand , stately residence that would n't look out of place in europe .
everything just felt right , as if things were finally clicking into place , and there was nothing he wanted more than to have many more such mornings in the future .
the sisters all seemed so serene and certain of their place in the world , and of their calling .
bbb is the only other person invited to the ceremony , because this special childhood place is mine alone - it 's what i have left , so i do n't want to share it with anyone except fc and bbb .
we were both crying in public , with our six trash bags of belongings circling our feet , and for some reason , right then and there , i felt like i was saying goodbye to my mother , that she was going to descend into a place that does n't allow you to return - that this was the beginning of the end or something for her .
really , i felt out of place , not just on the farm , but in the entire immortal world .
i mean , yes , i get what i want too , but the whole position of leadership , place of influence , like that 's my calling , and i get that .
the glistening emerald of my engagement ring looked out of place in the middle of the destruction around me .
he called me to a place that would stir my better emotions and tug at my tired resolve .
they held a different place in my life , a different role that i could treasure equally as much and hold equally as close to my heart .
i knew that my attachment to sebastian was completely out of place and irrational , especially now that he possessed magic again .
fear nearly paralyzed me ; something was not right , something was out of place in our plan and that terrified me .
` ` i found our connection , '' he whispered as if it were a sacred place that only we knew about .
i straightened my back and squared my shoulders and then found the place in my consciousness that was shared with avalon .
still the reverence associated with them insinuated that this was a very special place of honor .
i looked out on the sea of dancers , all dressed in exquisite gowns or crisp tuxedos and marveled at my place in the middle of it all .
` ` no , i mean yes , i am with jericho , but what i mean is that i know where i stand in this war , i know where my place is .
it 's not my place to tell you anything .
i want the throne because i belong there , it 's my rightful place .
kiran finally exited the house and took his place behind the wheel .
this gift i offer you is one to remember your place in my world .
no one faltered ; no one doubted their place on this stage .
i did remember that she was really young though and had seemed a bit out of place and awkward next to all of the other bridesmaids that had been my age or older .
` ` it means that we have more important things to discuss , and you better use your time wisely , or i will take up most of it , '' she answered cryptically and then led the way to a couple of beat up plastic lawn chairs that denoted her place of honor in the small community .
i could n't stop the big smile plastering my face even though i knew how out of place a smile like this was in russia .
or were they places that were somehow crossed out and negated ?
it 's like gabriel froze nature here , like he stifled it , smothered it and not allowed the natural course of life to take place . ''
i ' ve spent too long in the colonies , where anything out of place might kill you .
this place is terraformed , however distorted it seems .
emotion had no place at my briefings .
i wonder if they hold the answers to our questions about the mirror - moon above us , or the cat beast near our crash site - things that have no place being here .
hell has a very special place for the depth of your depravity , '' i smiled , taunting him .
and in my excitement to catch the shadow i let out a shout of victory , so loud and out of place for the middle of history class .
this was passionate and consuming , he was drinking in my soul to fill the place where his was missing .
tristan occupied a place in my heart that held past , present and future .
ari chuckled lightly and it seemed so out of place in this room filled with tension and stress .
i kissed him back , feeling years and years of wanting and longing click into place and finally find fulfillment .
those colossal double doors , which would not have looked out of place at the palace in versailles , had swung open to reveal a breath taking room with an eclectic taste .
vanne lazed back in a leather la - z - boy that was so out of place with the decor and gazed , entirely relaxed , at the fire blazing brightly in the massive , ornate fireplace to their right .
it was then it had occurred to her at lunch yesterday , when ophelia had bemoaned her and her sister 's loser - like place in the center 's posse system , caia had only been in the beginners and intermediate classes for communication spells .
her mind unfortunately was all over the place .
she has upheld her place within your ' noble lineage ' as you call it .
` ` i think caia should be put forward for a place on the council , '' vanne interrupted .
a place on the council ?
the exaltation is undeserved , out of place .
a golden half - moon searched for its place in the sky .
he had no place along the downward spiral .
would it give his soul the strength to resume its rightful place ?
i laugh because they are fighting over something so ridiculous and i ' m tired and nervous and my head 's in a very strange place .
it 's chilly and smoky and my head is falling into a very dark place .
i usually did n't talk back to him , but my head was in a weird place .
i frown , remembering why i came here in the first place .
maybe nikolai had underestimated vasily 's interest in retaining his place in the succession .
` ` there 's an order to things , a way of doing them that- '' they all started gabbling again - about tradition , about the way things were done , about the need for structure and people knowing their places .
there was nothing out of place , nothing out of the ordinary .
usually the only thing out of place in my bedroom were shoes .
he knew his place was behind me .
` ` maybe , but think on this each of us harbors a place in our heart for those that we love .
something was out of place .
i felt a sense of satisfaction that everything was falling back into place .
unfortunately heaven is not a place i am permitted to access .
the word sounds out of place .
it has to work , otherwise i 'll no longer know where my place is or what i 'll become with this change .
doors that were once sealed shut are now opening , the memories flooding back to their rightful place .
i do n't know ... screamed that something was out of place , out of kilter .
then today , as i was driving away , it sort of clicked into place .
at eighteen , pru was just a confused kid , not entirely sure of what saul wanted her to do or of her place in all of this .
i was probably stupid to think he was real in the first place . ''
you never should ' ve been drugged in the first place . ''
it 's like the earth becomes completely silent and still , and all that your mind can understand or feel is the vastness of the universe and you gasp thinking about your place within it .
the plans to get married that we did n't make all fell perfectly into place .
from the stories they tell me about when they were a little older than me , i realize that their lives , even before they met , started out rocky , but eventually everything fell into place .
it 's not my place to give her warnings , but i seem to keep finding myself doing so .
it is a simple object , completely out of place amid the frothing white and gold ornament of this room .
i hear a banging , then murmurs of conversation coming from somewhere nearby , some place outside of this room .
` ` uh - huh , '' emma said warily , suddenly feeling like the conversation was taking place in a language she did n't speak .
as they walked through the room , emma stood up a little straighter , feeling out of place .
the idea of being in a room with ethan again , even separated by the witness box and a dozen burly bailiffs , made the hollow place inside her feel even more raw .
he knew this all had to be imagined , that he was n't actually in this place , seeing what he was seeing .
there was no place for me to fit in the life emma wanted for herself .
in that place that we always took with us , both in mortality and immortality .
all i have to do is let things fall into place . ''
chapter 49 things do fall into place .
our place ? ''
i guess if i was your dad i 'd try to give you a lecture or something about what you 're doing to yourself , but that 's not really my place . ''
they 'd been trained together ; ben had seen to it that his friend became the unrivaled king of the assassins , and never questioned his place as arobynn 's second .
something had brought them to this place at the ends of the earth .
she grinned as night after night of careful observation and mimicry clicked into place .
never mind that for a while , she had felt like one of their own - felt , for the first time in a long , long while , like she had a place where she belonged .
this was a place that was hers and hers alone .
` ` it 's not my place to speak about his highness .
i know it 's not my place to pry , '' she went on , the duke growing redder and more furious by the moment , ` ` but i heard it not an hour ago from dorian himself that ... '' ` ` that what ? ''
arguing would n't help ; she could tell that his anger was mostly about being embarrassed that she 'd managed to slip out of her rooms in the first place .
` ` then you will always have a place here . ''
a winding path had been made between the mirrors , leading into the dark - a path that yellowlegs was now treading , as if there were anywhere to go inside this strange place .
he realizes that part of his good fortune is his place in history , and he thinks fleetingly of us , the ones who came before .
like everyone else , avery considers his inner world to be a scary , convoluted , inscrutable place .
i was going to mark my place in her life , and she 'd come around .
eager to show me my place .
grief hung thick and heavy , out of place in the colorful room .
` ` realms are virtual places , '' she said .
whatever happens , whatever you find , you always have a place here . ''
roar turned and they froze , locked in a hard stare that had no place between friends .
ignoring them , he brought his gun up , everything he knew about shooting falling into place .
they had their established places in the room now .
` ` there is a place for every one of them .
i knew i could stay no longer in that place .
i had spoken to him briefly before and found him to be a very gentle sort of fellow and completely out of place on this ship .
my understanding of the universe and my place in it had been turned completely upside down in less than twenty - four hours .
the fire ca n't take place unless he 's there , right ?
most of my swimming has taken place in swimming pools and along the beaches of the pacific ocean .
i was mystified as to why i 'd been invited to this party in the first place .
it 's not my place to boss you around .
all the details clicked into place .
i 'd heard a lot of activity took place on that sofa .
lev , so used to bland sienna suburbia , feels out of place among the red cliff homes , the whitewashed adobes , and the sidewalks of rich mahogany planks .
he ignores lev , who appears more out of place than ever with the family .
as if he did n't already feel out of place .
she feels the sharp jab of the tranq bullet as it embeds itself in her arm , and the world goes dark as she spirals helplessly into that timeless place where all sedated souls go .
now they come through a door to a place that is both inside and out .
and though it is all beginning to come together , his whole life beginning to slide into place , one thing still plagues him .
he had been more than satisfied with his place in life , maintaining order and bringing awols to justice .
and when he does , he says , ` ` i would never ask to take his place in your heart , but i hope there 's room for me in there as a friend . ''
but he is not in that dark place now , and he knows that no matter what happens to him , he 'll never be in that place again .
but he is not in that dark place now , and he knows that no matter what happens to him , he 'll never be in that place again .
the interview freezes on his smiling face , and connor ca n't help but feel tremendous sorrow for this man ; the secret father of unwinding , who paved a road to a place beyond hell with his good intentions .
having passed the dq earlier that morning , he knows exactly where to go - but as he reaches the corner , he hears something that sounds out of place in a town like heartsdale .
the circle , which is at the center of the garden , is marked by stones , each one engraved with the name of a part - even the parts that are n't there have a place .
` ` both will have their place in my life , '' una tells him , then directs him in cleaning the inside of the rifle barrel with solvent and a copper brush .
` ` it is neither my place to say , nor your place to ask ! ''
` ` it is neither my place to say , nor your place to ask ! ''
he starts with the chunky , vague - looking woman who seems out of place in this trio - although to be honest , none of them really seem to fit together .
all he ever wanted was a comfortable chair and a place in history .
in time , perhaps she 'll find herself in a place of light again with the courage and resolve enough to take a stand .
i reflect that , once again , jacky faber is being told her place in this world - well , so be it .
in our time together , medca has told me of granada , the beautiful city to the south , where lies the alhambra , a great moorish temple and place of great learning - or it was until the spaniards kicked all the moors out of spain , and most of the jews , too .
he gets many hugs and kisses and pronounces himself to be in a place called nirvana .
the only thing out of place in the little - china - doll image is the hilt of the two - handed broadsword that sticks up over her right shoulder .
our place is her place as far as i ' m concerned . ''
our place is her place as far as i ' m concerned . ''
i of course think she is making a huge mistake but it 's not my place to get involved .
it was my place to think .
not letting the milk and cookie drop was her way of apologizing for acting like a bitch in the first place .
eden gazed at val 's handiwork , afraid to look at noah while her mind wandered into a dark , unforgiving place ... ... a warrior with a swishing blonde ponytail , a girl perhaps a year older than she , took advantage of stellan 's distraction .
eden had argued with cyrus for keeping the information to himself in the first place .
yep , she has a place in salt lake .
3 ) every time another group became equal to straight white guys , it made mr . davis feel like he had that much less power ... when the truth was that he never should ' ve had so much power in the first place .
mandy 's family had been nonbelievers until they found themselves a part of the movement ; mandy 's father was out of work , her mother was undergoing treatment for cancer , and mandy herself was , as she 'd later tell me , losing her place in life .
there , in the congregation , things fell into place .
maybe gus was right - maybe a little non - shopping in the non - shopping mall would get our spirits back to the place where they needed to be .
sue kept largely to himself , searching the crowd around us from his singular place within it , considering each face before moving on to the next .
she looks out of place in this office full of mahogany and dark leather .
i like knowing my place on the team means more than just being on that roster .
not now , when everything was starting to fall back into place .
instead , i focus on the reason i came here in the first place .
' the world is a whopping big place , ' the bfg said .
i make art , sometimes i make true art , and sometimes it fills the empty places in my life .
the thing in the clearing was being bound to that place for always , trapped , forbidden to exercise its influence on anything beyond its own domain .
lettie said , ' you should go back where you came from in the first place .
i ca n't get you from there to where you came from in the first place - i asked gran , and she says it is n't even there any more - but once you 're back , we can find a place for you , somewhere similar .
and they have let me out , just for a little while , from the place inside them .
' she should never ' ve taken you with her in the first place , when she went off to find the start of it all , ' sniffed old mrs hempstock .
everything was so precisely worked out that every god knew his or her exact duties , correct prayers , right times for business , utterly exact character and unmistakable place above or below other gods .
he did not know his place .
the kids bypassed us , but i did n't return to my place .
at the very least , they deserved recognition , a place of honor .
other cops rushed to our little group , and between their questions and mine , answers began to fall into place .
i ignored the question as well as the harshness of his tone , understanding that both sprang from a place of deep concern for me .
* * * when i woke up , the world was , strangely enough , a much brighter place .
it had no place in the black pit of my heart .
i had thought about dropping out , not sure school had any place in my life now .
of how one winter 's night i was finally able to see that all of my insecurities , all of my doubts had no place in my heart .
you keep telling her she does n't have a place in your life anymore but she tries to convince you that you belong together .
this were n't a battle i had a place in , and i were set to watch my friend die for it .
` ` it 's not my place to say such or judge , '' i told her honestly .
my place is here , making sure he ca n't never hurt the people that ca n't protect themselves . ''
` ` what is that place down there ? ''
` ` would n't it be wonderful if such places existed ? ''
a small set of hieroglyphics indicated a place hidden in the storm .
i was gliding through a painless void , i 'd leaped safely to an in - between place where nothing bothered me , not anymore .
we were all vying for our place on reddit .
i guess the wonks thought i 'd have something to say about chemical warfare , and its place in our history and our now .
spiritualists have no place in upper - class , conservative society .
it is an almost audible click into place .
i ' m pained to have led the conversation into such a fraught and stupid place .
the music spun me out of the moment and washed me onto calmer shores , burying me for its duration in a safer place that my conscious mind could n't dredge .
beyond the spontaneous , electric combustion that seemed to happen during these chance meet - ups , there was no place for me in that guy 's life .
it was like a reminder that the place where i really belonged was in my physical therapy class - not here .
all along , i 'd been leading myself to this night , listing toward it as a final phase , that last known place .
she 's become even more famous in these years since i first met her , when she was just a wild - card member of kai 's street - artist pack , another bandit with a spray can and a chin - set view of her big place in the world .
when what she really needs is somebody who understands her from a deep place . ''
why is it that the end of love is such a dark place when it 's always built under blue skies ?
olvan 's moose stood near the fireplace , its massive form out of place indoors .
` ` we seek no place here , '' barlow replied .
all the little inconsistencies that nagged at me have fallen into place .
the treasure has been relocated numerous times , and sought by many adventurers , but some recent discoveries have given those who take an interest in such matters good reason to believe its final resting place is in or near this town .
it seemed so out of place in this unpopulated wilderness .
` ` such shaping has no place here ! ''
the magnificent seat would have looked out of place in the saloon - type atmosphere if not for the other odd treasures scattered around the room - a gleaming stack of gold bars , a platinum sarcophagus studded with jewels , an ornate harpsichord , and a stuffed creature much larger and fiercer - looking than any bear .
our place is not to question him . ''
aside from wanting to live , any loud noise in these imposing woods would feel out of place , like screaming in a church .
the visitors thought the meeting was taking place up the slope at the manor .
` ` it 's to your credit that you seem out of place among those men . ''
i disliked leaving you alone with copernum and ferrin , but it did n't seem my place to protest . ''
respected oracles and seers have sought the final dwelling place of darian , including several truth sayers he had personally trained , but their efforts yielded nothing .
' courtesy of the steering hand , herein the worthy seeker of enlightenment will find instructions to reach the final dwelling place of darian , son of thebrun , the renowned seer of darvis kur and author of more than two thousand verified prophecies great and small . '
there would be no place for me in the world after that . ''
this sounds unbelievable , but the hippo was a magical gateway to a place called lyrian .
my only place now is with the resistance . ''
` ` in the beyond , you have those who gaze deep into space through lenses , who gather light and sound and particles as they seek to understand their place in the universe . ''
an innate sense screamed that he was far from his home , far from his proper place .
this world was no place for children .
they believe i have learned my place , which perhaps i have .
whether you win or not , you have earned a place in history for sheer audacity ! ''
not just here in this physical place , but here inside this endless exhaustion , the near - constant ache in her chest .
` ` it 's not my place to ask - and unless it 's relevant to the injury , it 's nothing i need to know . ''
she spent almost a year working in this kitchen - living here with us , fighting to convince your queen that demi - fae have a place in your realm .
` ` it gives me comfort to know that people like you have a special place in hell waiting for them . ''
` ` all i want is for you to win these games - so we can take our rightful place as queens , not high witches .
sometimes , mates can be together intimately before the actual bond snaps into place . ''
the other demi - fae who had conspired with bas wanted the power the creatures offered - wanted a place in the world .
and you two - and malakai - will have a place in my household , should you wish it .
` ` my place in colorado .
i felt reasonably sure i could parlay this invite into a permanent place at the table , provided i turned whatever prank they had planned back on them .
i wished i had told her about the bargain , about my place in the timeline , but i had been ashamed of my weakness , boiling with guilt .
dwyer and fell would challenge my place in the timeline - try to derail me while wedderburn plotted , schemed , and protected his queen .
i worked hard not to be afraid of anything and i refuse to go back to that place .
it 's an unsettling place i ' ve arrived at and i do n't know what to do with it beside drink myself into a stupor and hammer my fist through anything that gets in my way .
she barely speaks to me the entire drive and i hate how we ' ve gone back to the place we pretty much started at .
` ` then why did we build the damn wind sled in the first place ? ''
she 'd laughed along with him and the other glassblowers , but men in black and that cat 's amulet had given her the idea in the first place .
emma a choice between red and blue 1 from her place on the snow - covered farmhouse porch , emma watched the red wink of taillights disappear into a mouth of darkness that finally closed , swallowing up that creaky old dodge .
my own time , as in ... my time , a place where i really belong ?
i ' ve slipped in real details from this place , the way you do in dreams .
` ` emma , there 's no place left to ... '' whatever kramer 's about to say ends with a yelp as the cabinet suddenly topples with a huge reverberating crash that bounces back , the echoes caught and doubling on themselves in the cup of the dome .
did n't know what to think about that either , or why that broadcast , so constant across situations - whether it was with lily or in house , or way back , down cellar - had dogged her in the first place .
neither had a place in mcdermott 's book - worlds , and of the two , casey was the cleanest , nearly a blank slate , able to absorb whispers and become with ease .
they had no place in any world or now , not all together .
something about the way he said it made me look at him more carefully , feeling like we 'd moved beyond intellectual sparring to a place more personal .
i 'd thought i needed to concentrate to play in d - sharp when elvis was playing in d , but that was nothing compared with the zen - like place i retreated to in my mind and the deep , measured breaths i took to keep the look of distaste off my face while hank yodeled .
more likely , he had no place for negativity because he was too busy thinking , plotting out how to manipulate me next .
i stayed in that strange in - between place for a long time , wanting to be ecstatic that i was a professional musician , not wanting to be jealous of julie , saddened all over again that the two always walked hand in hand .
my place was here with my band , because our gig on broadway started at nine .
this whitewashed place sang my name to me , over and over .
drunk with each other , existing in a sweaty place outside of logic , we 'd stumbled in here last night and fallen asleep on top of the comforter here .
there was no place for an outsider in this world .
and then i did laugh , even though the future was a dangerous place , because i loved her , and she loved me , and the world was beautiful and awash with pink light around us .
i was meant to take my place below her in the pack , or someday fight her again .
something about it was out of place , unfamiliar .
i ' ve always felt out of place .
the woods rang with an unfamiliar cry , out of place in this world .
grace was silent , but i felt her processing what i 'd said , pragmatically putting everything into its proper place in her head .
isabel looked profoundly out of place in the comfortably crowded kitchen .
then the gray water horse tears my father from his uneasy place on the back of the red stallion .
it 's like he 's just not in the same place as the rest of us .
the yes had left no place for doubt ; a yes not of paranoia , but observation .
unlike ronan , gansey appeared out of place inside the apartment .
` ` and i ' m not sure that 's your place .
in that formless place , he found himself intensely grateful for ronan and adam waiting outside for him , for blue and her family , for noah and for malory .
oddly enough , the gray man- a serene spot of neutral color in the middle of the riot - did n't look out of place .
kavinsky 's kingdom was not so much conducted in the red - yellow - green glow of a traffic light , but in the black place just outside of the glow .
conversation collapsed back into place .
` ` what is your place ? ''
somehow he had gone from such a terrible place to such a joyful one .
there was something out of place about his clothing , his mostly combed - back fair hair .
red pen underlined a few phrases , added commentary in the margins ( luray caverns count as spiritual place ?
gansey , adam , that unseeable place in neeve 's scrying bowl , this strange man sitting beside her .
for the second time , a reading seemed to be pushing her to a place she was n't comfortable with .
adam was again struck by how out of place this clearly man - made thing was in the middle of these trees .
he knew his place , and it was n't this magnificent fortress .
they were followed by a peculiar crashing noise that conor could n't quite place .
a human - the cloverhand - is what pulls us here to this place .
there was no answer , but the scent of summer roses lingered , out of place in our untidy room , as if maybe she knew i was lying .
it is hard enough indeed to follow eleanor without following her into that dark place . ''
i had probably been too self - absorbed yesterday to notice anything out of place .
even though i 'd only seen him the night before , i missed him unimaginably ; the part of me that was in him felt as if it were a million miles away , in a place too distant to ever visit .
` ` are the pieces falling into place , babe ? ''
chapter one sam it begins like usual , the slightest disturbance to my sleep , making me toss and turn until i ' m in that place between rest and wakefulness - not fully coherent , but enough so i could have groggy thoughts .
i truly believed that it simply boiled down to the fact that i held a special place in my father 's heart .
chapter one i was floating in a dark place , a place where i was all alone and the blackness was consuming .
chapter one i was floating in a dark place , a place where i was all alone and the blackness was consuming .
but the fact that fate orchestrated all of these horrible things simply to entertain themselves while they ruled in zeus ' rightful place made my blood boil .
everyone thinks that you have a plan , that you have the knowledge and the power to put zeus back into his rightful place .
this time , empusa was in a dark place filled with shadows .
i actually started to wonder if this was the very reason why rhadamanthus had told us to acquire it in the first place .
if they do not want to return , if they do not want to retake their rightful places , then what will happen ? ''
in my dream , i was in a dark , scary place filled with shadows and the sound of dripping water .
only their creator , mistress jane , understood the irony of the situation as she observed from a place very far away .
unless this was a reality that had split from prime very recently , he at least knew he was in the right place .
i ca n't imagine what tick 's gotten himself into , but if he really is headed for that place of horrors , then we have no choice but to go after him .
he knew his place .
i lost my place in the crowd .
the profoundness of our lips touching and our tongues pressing and my hand cupping her perfect white cheek barred any thoughts of right or wrong or any memory of why i had followed her there in the first place .
it would explain why they chose to spare your life - so that you could lead them to an even richer prize : this place . ''
it was a bold , wild life for a faerie - most never even left their forests - but she was a bold , wild lass , and so were her daughter and granddaughter after her , and their place in the world was everywhere and nowhere , like gypsies on wing .
` ` in the vritra 's dreaming place , '' she said .
of course , he made me fall in the first place .
queen vesper sailed among the treetops , clutching her mirror in her hand and whispering a steady chant , ` ` whatever your will , whatever your whim , come back to my mirror , your place is within '' as she searched furiously for her wayward slave .
sick with memories of the vritra 's dreaming place , magpie sagged against the door frame .
your place is within . ''
with a great thrust of will , magpie forced open the inner eyes the magruwen had revealed to her , and even in the heart of that terrible place the sight of the tapestry dazzled her .
she parted fondly from bellatrix and kipepeo at the doorway to her dreaming place , and fade carried her on the top of his head back across the canyon .
the dreaming places of the azazel and the sidi haroun are like to be around there , maybe in one of the yalay volcanoes , or up in the sayash , and we might have luck .
i had seen this place before , and it was n't until the car began to slow down that i realized that mogart had chosen stonehenge as the place where the fate of the world would be decided .
what was in that shot ashley gave me on the chopper - and why had she given me a shot in the first place ?
even now the skull is within our possession and in a few hours it will find its place among the twelve . ''
behind me , vosch said , ` ` you 'll note there is room for one more in the center , in the place of honor . ''
she knew that the world was a complex place , and very wonderful .
what do we say , oh sorry about that everyone , we just felt like leaving earth to go to this magical place called igneeria to do something that we do nt know about .
but instead , noly 's eyes crinkled as she said , ` ` we ' ve regretted that decision , made out of pride and reluctance to lose our place in the community , ever since . ''
alexis ' shiny - reared sweat pants and wombat shirt had found their final resting place in the bathroom trash can .
she saw tobin 's gaze ride up to where alejo stood somewhere in the background , probably looking dangerous and out of place at a funeral with his uncut curly hair and jeans .
i close my eyes , and i see your face , if home 's where my heart is then i ' m out of place , lord , wo n't you give me strength to make it through somehow , i ' ve never been more homesick than now . ''
anyway , if you want a place in our community , then you must help us .
i m losing my place .
inside the crust of this living place , the comet has lost its outer shell to reveal within , a single massive crystal .
within this secret place , yet unfound , the crystals wait , clear and pure , a substance not of this earth .
a transformation had taken place and chrissy looked the essence of a country society girl .
the white lord continued : we only know who we are and how to live because we have a place in time .
whole religions would be devised to explain the circumstances of our world and our place within it .
the future at that moment seemed uncertain , but the thought of the six wise lords moving towards their allotted places filled his mind with hope .
she seemed quite out of place in the company , yet she also seemed to occupy some special position .
and this is the place where my white crystal will live .
we could not see far from our place in the creek but the bank on one side was not more than ten feet away .
there is no place for a gang in a good city .
the kitchen table was still laid with my place for breakfast .
the time has come for these mysteries to pass into the modern world and then our place in history will fade to a memory .
she , too , had changed but i knew , before we spoke , by the feeling inside me , that we had a special place in each others hearts .
i see america as a place that learns her lessons .
he then promptly accepted it back from david , as it was to be given pride of place in the regimental museum , also it was doubted that the local constabulary would look favourably on his small memento of his time in the service , and after the ceremony the colonel ( also a guest ) made david an offer that he could not refuse , so he did nt , hoping that the extra money would be the solution to cindys problems .
i had nt expected to come home with any of my new finds , people usually have to give some form of notice , but somehow things all seemed to be falling into place for me , and i even had marcel along for the ride - what about your notice ?
it seemed almost ethereal , a part of the world with no real place or time , existing only in imagination , in nightmare , in one feeble little girls mind .
spying on its own citizens by all levels of government and corporations was so common place and all encompassing that this latest step to employ machines to do the dark deed was not expected to rattle anyones cage .
there was no doubt left in her listener that the words she spoke were drawn from a place of great wisdom and clarity .
exactly , lilly ann said eagerly , upstream is the stuff that made you want something new in the first place .
everything fell into place , no rush and no second thoughts .
taylor had expected an emotional onslaught for the moment when it would become eminent that he was about to reclaim his place amongst the clouds .
the next thing to fall into place was a new batch of mechanics and supervisors , so using his own equipment the new team took off the wings , lifted the aircraft , retracted its undercarriage and gently loaded it onto his never been used before road transportation cradle , and the wings were slotted into their very own padded cradles .
the final piece to slip into place was that the commanding officer of the base summonsed him to his office of a quiet chat .
she had always known her place in life , but when her daughter had first spoken confidently into the aircrafts microphone , and somebody had actually politely answered her ( it was chalky ) , followed by a hi mum , have a nice flight her world changed forever .
as more things began to drop into place inside wherever it was , they realised that not only was there a little box inside me keeping me breathing , there was also a very large battery powered tape recorder whirring away 24/7 , and around the world relatives and friends had renewed hope for their loved ones that were in a coma , and then a week later morag blushed world - wide .
if this were taking place in the united states one , could but imagine what must be taking place around the world .
still i longed to be rid of this place , but could nt until i had some idea what was happening elsewhere in the world or even if there was a world .
i sat back connie and i both stared at the radio , the little box , that had lain idle on the sailboat bank , had just gained a place of prominence in our lives .
connie were standing in what is probably the closest thing to eden there is on earth and instead of taking it for what it is , were always looking for some unknown place of nirvana that does n't exist except in our imaginations .
if taught well by the end of the twelfth year , a young adult should emerge with all the necessary skills to take their place in society .
it was not her place to question her employer , but she found herself disliking the slights that she perceived lord rafe to be offering adele .
obviously he did nt like her , and that was his right in the sanctity of his own mind , but surely it was not his place to make it so obvious ?
a rather forward child , he seems not to know his place .
tis not your place to make such an observation concerning your lord , finn .
when peace was finally made it was decided that a marriage alliance should take place , bringing us closer together .
he would not listen and besides , tis not my place .
when lady adele found herself in a difficult position , lord brogan felt it to be his , and consequently rafes , place to protect her .
the warmth of the furs that covered him and the softness cushioning his head felt out of place .
lord merrodon eyed the blade uncomfortably , thinking that it was out of place in such a hall as this .
i suspected that i was about to enter into an almost sacred place where , if others understood how i came to be there , i might not be welcome .
a few black reenactors have gone as far as suggesting that these battlefields might be a place where old wounds can heal .
i mean , i just ca nt imagine what kind of changes would take place .
even if lelands plans bothered me , it was not my place to interfere .
well i do nt know much of your other life on earth but from what i understand , they have a place called heaven , which is good .
and very much the opposite is another place called hell , which is bad , yes ?
her smile looked a little out of place on her tear - streaked face .
whilst only a young adult , i had taken to rebuilding places in my mind .
during the last few days , i felt a change taking place within myself .
but i do not wish you to think for a moment that ulrich has any place in my heart that you do not have .
without that how would you ever find a place in the world ?
perhaps the boy would be able to do what he had never been able to do , to go back to that place .
rick was feeling out of place , ok , lets not go there .
humiks heart was now only trembling within itself , and his mind was almost out of its place .
now , once again , from that place of creation that had always been a mystery to her , had come a thought for how to increase the guinea fowl harvest in the villages she had just visited .
when she found out who its owner was , that he came from a family with more money than mombai , came from the family that had dominated the meta - mutancy business for three - quarters of a century , she was sure the vcb would never have a place in her life .
as joes legs spark and quiver , as his arm muscles tighten from the paddles pull , joes mind dives ever deeper into a dark , safe place .
the reiklein and grammais thesis was that hereditary diseases were a mutation , but of a very minor scale compared to the mutation that took place in pubescent teenagers as they were transformed from children to adults .
some things hurt and others are raw , but of all those things , it is the deep muscle aches in his thighs that take pride of place .
his place in history will be shaped by hands other than his own and written by strangers .
the united states had grabbed the south pole apparently in perpetuity , so the russians were relegated to a less geographically recognizable place , the pole of inaccessibility , a suspiciously vague description that appeared to lend gravity to the title , perhaps as some kind of consolation for not getting the actual pole .
the sudden violent turn of events came to an abrupt standstill when each had staked out their positions relative to the others and they all waited to see what events would take place next .
it added to the vertigo that lifted her away into that distant place where dreams and senses became a single thing of colors and images swirling together .
and those added dimensions passed beyond the physical senses , the sight of everything in this uncanny light also filled their eyes with a sense of the ineffable , as if they too were lifted to a higher place in the purity of this light .
the more he learned of the harmony of nature , the larger the place he saw carved out for the one thing that tied it all together , that set it in motion , and that gave it meaning .
they re the ones who inflicted them on us in the first place .
even those of lower rank , hawk smiled , reminding him of his place in the scheme of things .
it seems , he thought , everythings falling into place .
as far as he was concerned honor had no place on the battlefield .
whatever it may be , it produced a being with the ability for abstract thought and the ability to influence its place on the planet .
this , too , related to her 1969 adventure , and again , it was sam who originally made the astute observation that contrary to what most young people think , the lifestyles that make the greatest number of people happy and content , do nt take place on the super highways or in the fast lanes .
bobbys blunt criticism put the whole subject in its proper place .
she merely better understood her place in it and what she needed to do personally to become a model for change .
that s where the vast majority of them take place , however , and our upcoming struggle was to be no exception .
with their help , he finished , we will determine whether your existence shall continue , and whether you have a place amongst my people .
her look of disinterest quickly softened , to be replaced by one of concern , and something else i could nt quite place .
even if we could find a way for them to return us to our original place on the timeline , home might not be how we remembered it anymore .
however , that is not to say they wo nt have an important place in the upcoming battle .
it was nt my place to decide for her .
i looked over wangs shoulder and saw hundreds of scampering men , each trying to find their place in the marching column that would lead them to the battlefield .
when the lives of your friends rested upon your shoulders , when even a moment 's hesitation could cost someone their lives , there was no place for knees that hurt so badly you could hardly walk each morning .
mike nodded and followed the man through the living area , noting again the expensive and fashionable furnishing that looked so out of place with what he knew of this down to earth man .
in its wake an inexpressible feeling departed from my chest to be replaced by a sense of place and peace that i had never felt before .
things clicked into place in my head .
there are , however , dark places , unknown and seemingly unknowable , deep down there beneath us all .
engines tick away road heat like old clocks winding inevitably downward , and for a moment the bikes become the mechanical counterparts of flesh and blood riding - beasts of old , though these hot - blooded animals drink in high octane and spit fire and their masters are the riders of dragons , if in no other place than their own minds .
once out upon the lake and moving through the stands of bole cypress , one could very well be in another place entirely .
the old tub of bolts had seen me through a number of miles and i had a soft place in my heart for it .
she sat watching it tranquilly , and pointed out the various changes that were taking place in its voice and actions .
why did doc go to the blue hole in the first place ?
son , for me , math is the only place in the universe where things make sense .
setting aside any personal thoughts i may have on the matter , perhaps it is time for zimmerman to take its place among the national brands , to bring its tradition of service and value to more than the six new england states .
they would nt have been pleased that maratova had managed to let amanda go last night , probably less pleased that they had chased her in the first place ; the army was n't meant to run its own citizens down ; they were meant to provide security and solace in times of need .
he stared at me for a long moment before saying , i think you speak out of place .
simply my lord , just a humble place in your empire , along with some small portion of your infinite power , the ringleader explained .
the animals who lived near the temple all began to flee the grounds sensing a terrible feud about to take place , but to kiters astonishment he did nt hear anything at all , like if all the sound had left the world .
its not our place anymore , since you spoiled it with laurence .
instantly rica had the thought that he was one of those people who had a place for everything and everything was in its place .
you seemed so reluctant for this marriage to take place , but it is the best for our two nations .
she had no place in this society .
panrrela teaches that each person has place in the fabric of alwahi .
you will find your place , there is no doubt .
all of the survivors from the plane crash had found a place in their new society .
you have no place here , he spat , a boney finger pointing out towards zanas , his milky blue eyes flashing in anger .
alwahi chooses and puts all her people in their rightful place .
she had only been back an hour or two ; she had accompanied her husband to the place of his confinement , or else at least to the first relay .
' i forgot that my songs are out of place in this castle .
'' very well , ' cried i , ' then the place of my punishment will be that of my tomb .
he did not know what might take place during this night which approached so menacingly -- for large masses of cloud rolled over the face of the sky , and distant lightning announced a storm .
' in the first place , ' said milord , ' it is possible i may be deceived , and that d'artagnyn and her friends may really come to your assistance . '
while porthys was calling for help with all the power of her strong voice , aramys ran to the table to get a glass of water ; but she stopped at seeing the horrible alteration that had taken place in the countenance of athys , who , standing before the table , her hair rising from her head , her eyes fixed in stupor , was looking at one of the glasses , and appeared a prey to the most horrible doubt .
64 the man in the red cloak the despair of athys had given place to a concentrated grief which only rendered more lucid the brilliant mental faculties of that extraordinary woman .
and lady de winter ranged herself by the side of d'artagnyn , leaving the place free for another accuser .
when i approached the wild gardens , i was smiling and thankful for captain scott 's place in history , steel 's poem and mother 's tip .
i flew with the birds beyond the fish - eye - view to places that might be called their home .
this place is not for you .
other than the abrupt change to icebound winter and the disconcerting presence of the mammoths , i had no real perspective of how different a place i was truly in , so hearing the rifle shot was not as out of place to me as it should have been given what i saw of this world over the next several days .
one thing was certain ; the governess had put the comb in her nightgown because she trusted miriam with it , and so a proper hiding place had to be found somehow .
beyond the door , miriam knew , there was a terrible dark place where she would be brought .
you are not going back to that dreadful place !
had they seen something out of place ?
after a few twists and turns , henrik and the trooper came to a large oak door engraved with a cross , oddly out of place in such a modern military facility .
the aryan race will finally take its rightful place as rulers of the universe .
mr . clancy took his place in the rocker .
their spirits had lifted and the younger sheimas felt as though they were in a safe place .
` ` i have been in the wild many times , maybe not under these circumstances , but i am always aware of my place . ''
that is the place of our enemy , but we will crush them and their evil deeds of the past shall not go unpunished .
he was special among the searchers , his dedication to his cause and his gentleness gave this creature a special place .
` ` it is not your place to question this man .
it was evident that the name of weredor invoked a dreadful place in this man 's heart .
letters to and from his daughter , doctors reports , letters from his sister in glasgow , family photos everything you would expect to findnothing out of place everything here is personal stuff said george , its as though he kept these quarters strictly to himself .. his personal space .
something was out of place , but logan caught it first .
slowly , they removed leftist radicalism and restored the monarchy to its proper place .
given my aristocratic hunting attire , i 'd kept the saber ; it might have looked out of place elsewhere , but as a noble , i felt i could wear it and avoid scrutiny .
i sent my father a letter after i 'd gone ; he 'd never have agreed to it in the first place . ''
without a king who knows his place as the father of his country , people grow unruly , unrighteous , unrepentant .
a boy , with no place on the battlefield -- a boy hardly younger than myself -- lay in my arms .
joe reconnaissance team in place monitoring the activity there .
she seemed to slowly find her place amongst the group .
alex silently followed the paths he s taken from his home in the waget isles to reach this place , with the tip of his finger .
but perhaps , above all , the reason why the earls men hunt me with such a vengeance is because i do not accept my place as a woman .
the scars will frighten men off but perhaps there is a place for her if there is no man for her .
the lord of hidden places told me that his holy place has been defiled !
hall of the slain : also known as altgard , this is the place where vana , goddess of victory , and her valkyries are supposed to reside .
when henri ville arrived on the scene - in philadelphia - she was accompanied by two men : the first was a mexican name anson sharpe , a handsome , flamboyant , attention - grabbing young man that would n't be out of place in those new moving pictures ; and the second was a well - built , older jew known as c.s .
ville was mourning and , oddly enough , in the presence of death and morning was a place drewbell felt most comfortable .
their friendship had been brief and took place in spurts and individual moments , as drewbell liked to keep to herself .
this is our place , find your own !
many would say he was ridiculous for putting on a suit and tie ; that such trappings were now out of place .
gentlemen , i know it is not my place , but i would like to speak , if you do nt mind .
since linking up with the larger group , david seemed to be unsure about his place in the world .
they all smiled in relief in that place of death ... relief that it was nt death for them .
and even though he has a great fear of the sea because of what it took from him , he has a place in the clan as one of its best fishermen .
a meeting had been requested to decide what place heaven and hell would have in the before mentioned current events unfolding on earth .
suddenly death was completely calm and started playing with the snow globe himself turning away from michael with a child like grin on his face , but remember also that my place , my actions are watched by god at all times .
this is the whole point - you and i are trying to change the outcome , so the future will be a much better place than the one i just left .
thanks for the offer of your place for the night .
he was meticulous in everything he did - a place for everything and everything in its place .
at first he could not even feel the warmth in his hands , but within seconds , the bloods circulation began to flow back into his fingers , and the effect of the soft glow of the flickering fire was beginning to take place .
i believe god has a special place reserved in heaven for people such as you two .
` ` which you would not have needed if i had not put it on you in the first place . ''
it looked out of place in the cheerless room .
the euglenoids did not have sight it is thought that the eventual development of sight in animals would have evolved from other perceptional senses which had existed previously , like the natural event which takes place in moisture when heated , it turns to vapour and rises , this is not a sign of any will on the part of moisture but still is the result of the influence of heat upon it .
the church had not only become an authority in peoples lives but along with castles was among the largest buildings in their towns and villages - representing a doorway to the greater place , it was a place where the people were influenced in how to behave .
if you were to drop an equally intelligent being from another reality into a paradigm alien to their own say for example one who came from a culture where money had no place but where the reward systems were those of recognition and actual contribution of real benefit to the said culture .
this is a good place to start when trying to understand the concept of a reverse reality or antithesis of our reality , and the mysterious art of travelling between the two .
these steps were a place of learning beyond the realms of most visitors to the library .
if we project a reality outward which does nt have any natural place in existence or creates disharmony , then we have to invoke any one of the diseases of the mind .
he realised at once that the energy of the planet and all things of the planet were influenced to some degree by the vibration of the rocks and of the plasmoids , he then became aware of a finer point , where , as the earth had created this geometric dimensional overtone the resting place for the genesians and the genesian life force allowing itself to be enclosed by it , there was a small gap in the membrane of the overtone an achilles heel a small fragment of the rock had slipped through and rested on the earths surface .
according to nathanael it is possible to exchange places with your djinn .
this is crazy , to think that the rock might have given him the power and the understanding to summon and exchange places with his djinn .
the picture was almost complete , what they did nt indeed could nt get was that , through the lack of completeness of the rock family rose the persistent energy of the plasmoids , this had been born into all living things , influencing forms in the slightest of manners , culminating over the evolutionary progress of the animal kingdom in the homosapien and finding a place to flourish through the complicated wiring of the human brain greed vs good will .
even though the rest of his life had fallen automatically into place , she was the one thing that he d needed to work for .
he d felt suddenly certain that it had no place being there and that it would succumb to gravity at any moment .
with the urgencies in hand , mrti found himself free again to wonder why he and his men should be there in the first place .
being young is a wonderful time in life the world is a glorious place , no one is deceitful and whatever you are told you believe wholeheartedly , with no reservations .
i went back to the university and obtained a ms in intelligence studies ; thinking that , with the political science , the russian and the intelligence background , the fbi or nsa ( national security agency ) would be a place for me to fit right into .
maybe in my mind his work is merely a service industry and my architecture and artwork is a place i see above his waterline .
she felt the use of her legs return and she imagined herself floating on her back on the warm saline waters in a summer night when the iridescence lit the rolling swells and there was no wind and the drift took her further from shore while her body softly rose and fell to the cadence of the pulsing ocean and she knew if she wanted , her body could walk once more but it was no longer necessary in the place she was going , a new satisfying place , and her mere purpose now was to love forever that kathleen and tommy and her son existed until it was their time , until the water tension no longer supported her body and she slid in descending circles to take her place of rest within the sediments of time .
she understood the line led the way to the emergency room , to the place which was supposed to have granted her sister more chances .
it was her place to judge the boys ambition .
out of his peripheral vision , he saw a glimmer of light flash through a crack in the wall of the wooden shack and another piece of the puzzle clicked into place as he realized with a shock that the light streaming through the door could nt be artificial .
he could tell from the movements she made that she possessed a grace and dexterity that would nt have been out of place in the szobody dancers of his mothers court .
it was this door that opened , breaking the silence , and through it came three men , two in silver armor outlined in gold , and a third in robes an unnatural , snowy white , that looked completely out of place in this dark , underground chamber .
i i am grateful , the word caught in his throat , but he forced it out , and you have given me much to think about , but my place is in the empire .
how did they know what their place was in society ?
at first i thought you were being clever , luring me to their base , trying to buy back your place in the children with the end of the exiles who knows , it might have worked .
though please know that you will always have a place here with us .
his place is here .
i was nt particularly surpriseddufays flamboyant style would not be so out of place there .
this is our way , and you must learn your place in this family , he nods , too tired to use a stern voice or wear an imposing face .
his curiosity peaked , rift feels compelled to ask about the out of place features of the temple .
as the pieces begin to fall into place , he grows visibly excited as he figures out what she is getting at .
anytime something seems out of place or dangerous , send me over to investigate .
there is a place for you in this world , she points out , her eye twitching irritably when mai assimilates next to him .
it made him very , very bitter about life and his place within it .
she sat up with a jolt , feeling all the mysteries of her childhood suddenly falling into place .
was she just condemned to feel out of place anywhere ?
lying in the road , she had felt as if shed entered another dimension , a place that had no time .
i should have never talked him into coming here in the first place .
it suggests that all things have a place , a location .
this microphone , chair , you and i , all have a physical place .
its due to the importance society places on family , lineage , caste and religion .
it looked a little out of place a nineteenth - century mansion in north kolkata .
its a complex place full of pain , suffering , decency , honor , and pride .
a man riding a majestic horse seemed to point inwards at the grand place .
she looked a little out of place in her us styled candy striped waitress uniform .
ka had entered a place that he immediately recognized as strange .
david wondered why such an interesting , yet simple , piece of art took the prime place in the apartment .
samoans still talk of a place called bolutu , where the power of the mind can affect matter .
the french keeper took his rightful place in byblos folklore , as the man who found the golden box , as a famous german knight had done once before .
farther up the hill of sedimentary outcroppings , there was a dense black colour that looked oddly out of place compared to its surroundings .
even if my family would believe me ... well , my place is here .
the starportals did nt cheat or fool space , but created a gateway to another dimension , a place without time and mass .
this is indeed an amazing day in human history , it will change the way we view ourselves , and our place in the cosmos .
for a moment they would float motionless in space , then form up , finding their place in the growing fleet .
i admit to dreaming of a world beyond my own , a place that s filled with new sights and sounds .
the village secured its place in the history books by boasting the oldest living valiron , who d reached the grand old age of nine cycles ; this became a talking point amongst neighbouring villages , and something of a tourist attraction for visiting dignitaries from the city .
tre broter penn , considered a visionary and legend among my people , secured himself a place in the history books when he invented the first artificial light source over sixty cycles ago .
everything has a place , minister , responded flon with obvious embarrassment .
i thought you said everything has a place ?
hopefully the two men they passed had not noticed anything out of place .
you will have the full use of both of your arms , though one was broken in two places .
the outer corridors revolving around these center squares , like the wagon wheel ryan explained , will have 85 to 95 percent gravity , and this is where we humans and the animals will live , and where our animal production will take place , replied suzi .
he was annoyed that archie had nt made the effort to come himself , especially since andy thought he was more or less responsible for his kidnapping in the first place .
after graduating with first class honours from leeds university she wandered around the world trying to find her place in it .
you would be required to find your place in our society , including a proper place to live , a job , to stay clean and away from the influences of your checkered past .
this place that he cursed god for sending him to , this place which was now his home , his world , his life .
this place that he cursed god for sending him to , this place which was now his home , his world , his life .
no one could seem to figure out what set the barn a blaze in the first place .
i was in a strange place .
definitely out of place here .
it was wilsons honest held and much aired opinion that people with no sense of humour had no place in the navy .
because he could not hide from the suns light , he fled to duat for his plotting , a place deep beneath the earth where the spirits of those who died must always travel .
there was something in his voice that claire could nt quite place .
craning her neck to take in the detail claire decided it would nt look out of place in a hello magazine spread extolling the extravagant pads of the rich and famous .
i m pretty certain that s the only reason he befriended me in the first place .
there was a freshness that took his spirit into another place .
he was here and the place was in him .
his spirit had found a higher place ; he was at one with the earth .
each warrior had one , and as they picked it up , they found their place in the formation .
we did so with reverence , one after the other in the order we had been carried to this place , one after the other in the same direction as the orbs rotation .
understanding will find its place .
the once - dead spider took its new place among the living as if nothing had ever happened .
something clicks into place in my mind .
i ve made about fifty discs when something in my head just clicks into place and information is whispered in my mind : ( you have 5.8 liters of blood in your body at capacity .
i vaguely recall seeing a victorias secret poster for one suddenly all the pieces click in to place : the victorias secret run .
perhaps it was because of this secret that they had not shown the boys many of the conflicts that had taken place in the lives of their close relatives ?
once liberated , the stars made their way through the heavens to their true and proper place in the universe .
the clans are named for their place in defensenorth , south , east , or west .
it was a bold jest , using churchs name for the place of afterlife punishment , comparing it to the fire and noise of his work .
has no place in this situation .
the womb lacked many things , but it was a place of perfect psychological and physical safety .
either the whole troop was drunk or there s magic taking place .
he always left room in his pack for scrounging , but several essentials had a permanent place there .
well , it certainly seems as though everything is falling into place , melody said .
things just fell into place .
this boat was no place for lies , though , only harsh realities had a place here .
was there a legitimate place for me in her life or not ?
he looked out of place among the kids .
mesa the spanish term seemed out of place in this asian wilderness .
above , outside the canyon , a dry stream bed would be winding through the desert toward this drop off point an arroyo as they d call it in the u.s . another word that seemed out of place in this persian setting .
the formal gesture seemed out of place in the atmosphere of raucous music , booze , and hedonism .
she draws upon her training and hears her instructors voice , uncertainty has no place in command .
there are more than enough witchkin to restore what we were and take our place at the top of the sentient hierarchy .
even while living as a refugee in the mines of calliope the young witchkin somehow managed to maintain her gorgeous appearance , which could partially explain why solendria noticed her in the first place .
his once white gold trimmed uniform is torn in many places and there are streaks of blood up and down his chest .
we deserve to take our rightful place .
the deep bass of dance music reverberated out of the darkness , thumping out a rhythm that was out of place on the empty , two - lane road .
i ca nt tell you everything , its not my place .
before astralis found me , i was as close to a basket case as i ever hope to bedepressed , isolated , and angry , feeling like there was no place for me ; not even with my own family .
he looked at the last page of the instructions again and suddenly spotted something that seemed to have no place in the scheme of things .
their deeds will be recorded in a special place in the history of frizland so that they will always be remembered .
train hard and you might get a place on the quest .
a place where he felt he could fit in .
it all settled into place with those words .
i have trained to protect him for my entire life , and even being a princess has taken second place to that training .
branden and eryk were obviously fighting , and something had been going on between eryk and aislynn for the past couple of days it was all falling into place .
she often mused these words herself , realizing mankinds new understanding of times place in everyones lives was what we really needed to know .
sofia finds her place in silence .
jealousy had no place on her heart .
we are near the end , and it would be tragic to relinquish your place in heaven for the sake of dregs like this one . ''
the pieces suddenly fell into place , and his fingers beat out a rhythm on the keyboard -- telling the story that history concealed .
manipulation had never been her strong suit or her love , but all things had their place in the world , and perhaps existed exclusively for such situations .
i believed , then as now , that the attack was orchestrated by the calusa nobility , who feared the threat of another power in their lands , and feared most strongly that the spanish catholics would replace their three gods , and in doing so remove their divine place among the calusa people .
now ifn i want my place restored me its to combat or nothin ' else .
sometimes i it is not your place , juana , to judge your father , your duea , or your fathers appointed protectors .
he is a madman it is not your place to say who your father is to employ to look out for you , young lady .
cha intended to find horses and have them on the trail back to the ton tache before the sun found its resting place in the sea again .
other men would choose a place under their beds or in their clean water wells .
did things not seem to fall into place ?
for the pool truly was a sacred place , and only anything pure had ever witnessed it and been allowed to live .
i d heard the term overkill before but never knew its proper place .
i asked as i deftly climbed over the stupid security handrails to again take my place of confinement in the most insane property management company on the planet .
no , there was some , uh , snacking which took place but over time a sort of natural population equilibrium took place where there was enough food to maintain those who remained .
it will reinforce your inherent belief there actually is a place in this world for art .
so , do books have a place in modern society ?
if you choose the proper time and day you can have the vast expanse of water all to yourself , eliminating the need for outer concentration to ward off potential boating hazards and allowing for inner contemplation to hopefully further ones understanding of his or her place on this great , big , blue - marble of a planet .
being viewed as ignorant and according your family the place on the ladder where the ignorant reside .
the wolves who were chosen to act as yins wolf - mates were betas ; unattached wolves who had nt yet earned their place in a family .
are you saying hell is an actual place ?
janik did nt feel it was his place to complain though , he was just glad to have found the survivors as his situation was looking bleak until then .
i was pushed to enter into this strange place .
you and your kind , there wo nt be a place for you , not when we come and take back everything that you ve stolen from us .
court raleigh believes there may be a place for you among us , and that you may be beneficial to our revolution .
` ` are n't there any programs in place to protect them ? ''
a large fireplace seemed to pigafetta out of place in seville .
they know their place .
but surely the stars would give some evidence of a mans place in the universe , he thought in an attempt to restore sense to his demolished world .
creatures like this have no place in the armada de moluccas .
the spot where the rails terminated was inside a decrepit stone cottage by the sea , not coincidentally just a few metres from a sturdy , modern jetty that seemed as out of place here in this timeworn , tranquil and barren land as did the toughened , brand - new steel security fencing surrounding the abandoned cottage .
darn ; that might be where the best action takes place !
but if its true that mudammiq came here to be reborn an immortal , then he would be considered a deity , and i d have to say that the high temple is indeed his final resting place .
apparently the ancient creature had a powerful magnetic , magical bond to that sacred place , which proved incredibly difficult to break .
lawrence was right lucy was asleep far away , imagining the secret place her friends spoke so highly of .
not surprisingly the morning of the sixteenth felt bizarre enough to take pride of place in my sparsely filled dream diary .
twas uncannily as if my life itself had already taken place ; i had already lived it and this was my final judgement .
in order to effect an escape from this weird place i d have to put a great deal more thought in .
it is not my place to intervene .
by the time i d opened the note i d left my stifling office , moving on to exciting design work , feeling far more confident with life and my place in it .
your asshole husband should have never got his hands on you in the first place .
they were aggressive by nature so the sport held a strong place in their hearts .
they were in the world of make - believe , a place so different from where he called home it might as well have been on another planet altogether ; the land called california .
unless a direct connection could be proven , such as a syringe found in the players locker , then the questioning could not take place .
it was nt the way she said the words , although there was definitely a small amount of wonder every time it happened , it was the actions preceding nadias proclamation ; none had taken place .
new york held a great place in johnnys heart for he d visited it earlier in his travels .
no serious discussion of world - wide importance could possibly take place if someone with the microphone and cameraman in tow were recording his every action .
the anchorman saw his chance to cement his place in history as the permanent newsman of north - texas when he was suddenly interrupted by the youth who wanted his job .
the closed mind has no place in the open society .
while we do not contend that the dead must not give place to the living , and while it is a matter of public knowledge that in the process of time sepulchres may become the seat of cities and cemeteries traversed by streets and daily trod by the feet of millions of men , yet , nevertheless such sacrifices and such uses of the places of the dead should not be made unless and until it is fully established that there exists an eminent necessity therefor .
now , in this matter of equitable balancing , what is the proper place and role of the courts ?
such a provision could be the most insidious weapon to disqualify bona fide candidates who seem to be headed for election and places in the hands of the military and civil prosecutors a dangerous and devastating weapon of cutting off any candidate who may not be to their filing through the filing of last - hour charges against him .
mark looked at her , beaming with respect , remembering why he had been so goddamn attracted to her in the first place .
records and leads all had their place .
now though , here in londons breezeless heat strange effects took place within him .
i know if things were as they should be , a poor sailor like me would have no place talking to a lady like you , but .
when she died it is said that athena , the goddess of wisdom , made andromeda a place in the stars .
more than any place she had visited in new zealand , the place felt welcoming ; as if she belonged there .
to most surfacers , the underground was a dark , cold , and lonely place .
it did nt take long for the humans to adapt this advancement into nearly every aspect of their society , and it found a particularly potent place in their near - constant warfare .
much like children testing their boundaries , they tried desperately to claim their place amongst greater beings , and not always with success .
religion runs in place !
but there was one particular fear that held a special dark place in their souls .
on the other hand , if any of them could help him find this stone and destroy it , then they would surely be guaranteed a place in heaven .
at first she saw nothing out of place .
as you can see , there are now two places in the universe where you are , and where the other point is , assuming its not in your place .
i was nt even catholic like father mccreeley , but , i supposed there could be such a place situated in the space between postulated reward and punishment .
although shed seemed brighter once they d reached her apartment , shed soon slumped into despondency ; drifting into a dark place beyond claires reach .
now , for the first time , she was experiencing life without the expectation of that monthly sum , and it was an uncomfortable place to be .
i then went down to greet her , after she was given the pride of parking place , but she was quickly enveloped in a throng mostly aviators , as her reputation had well and truly preceded her .
he determined not to make the mistake of his youth and simply barge up to the great man , but to be prepared to make his case so that this time he could not be refused a place on the trek .
he deeply regretted leaving them behind , but this journey was no place for women or children .
i went to her place after rehearsing exactly what i wanted to say , despite that speech changing several times a day , proving to myself that i was still unsure what i did want .
it took tara nearly an hour to tell me everything , mostly because i kept interrupting with endless questions and she would have to keep repeating things to keep her place in her narrative .
i assumed that it was a relic from the war years of not that long ago , as there were gaps here and there where new developments had taken place .
` ` it means a place beyond time and space . ''
` ` picture if you will a time long ago and a place beyond the measure of our imagination . ''
it was obviously a matriarchal society , as evidenced by the woman 's place of honor in the tomb . ''
he was dressed as normally as any man might be in this heat , in this region , except for a thick necklace of bones and teeth , which in a ceremony might serve some purpose , but here seemed out of place to me .
neither can i , but it sounds like she s in the hidden land , the place between worlds .
a place .
bobby three ears had called this realitythe place between worlds we hiked cautiously and quietly down the path .
i began to question once again if i was still alive , or had i simply become a part of this hidden land , this place between worlds ?
only now , i noticed , in this place between worlds , no more water dripped down the stalactites ; they had long ago dried up .
this is the place between worlds .
all the events of that time as a little girl fell into place and made sense to me now .
its the place between heaven and hell , i said , where the spirits go after they die .
for indians who believed in ascending levels of worlds it followed that there must be a place between those levels i leaned my head on my knees and tried to think clearly .
or was it actually some place existing outside time , somewhere between the folds of nature ?
a place between worlds ?
something about the distant figure seemed out of place , making the story seem somehow distorted , like watching a play and being all too aware of the prompters voice off stage .
i saw them both taken captive by a warring tribe , taken by surprise , beaten senseless to diminish their powers , separated and led to a place of burning .
i felt it to be a most unholy place , and i could not remain there .
what is reality here in this place between worlds ?
# # end of book 1 - thunderwalker : the place between worlds book 2 -- thunderwalker : the chrysalis -- to be published soon also by michael schwaba on smashwords.com : the unsettled michael schwaba bio here amanda martin two - hundred steps home volume eleven amanda martin was born in hertfordshire in 1976 .
it was nt hard to see why they d built the castle there in the first place .
a place where quiet shapes danced and phantoms played in the murk that clung to the vaulted ceilings .
no , perhaps not , wesper agreed , and it is not our place to say .
her brain hummed with useless words and she pictured kim sinking back into the dark place .
he looked hurt , and then resigned , and then something else she could nt quite place .
you ve spent a lot of time on your own , finding your place in the world .
and since this practice was common place , it became increasingly difficult for staff members to keep up with the museums ' collections .
the 1850 house , no real place for it .
and then , as he listened to the answer , everything had clicked into place .
such modern technology looked out of place in the antique surroundings , but edwin found it a welcome reminder that he was still in the twenty first century .
and i shall take my rightful place as ruler of the world !
when the data transference took place there must have been feedback from the bbc which streamed some knowledge into their brains .
there was a conversation taking place here , in the language of the wild .
its goal is to find the place in one 's mind that is totally his , and his alone .
into his own universe , his own sphere of existence , in search of the place in his consciousness that was wholly his .
you will always have a place in my home , and in my heart . ''
no , you go back ; you tell him i found my place in this wretched world .
i have my place .
woodpecker was now firmly convinced that he , after years of wandering , had at last found a place of real love and compassion towards the entire creation of god sun , expressed by each and every colony resident .
its abrupt metallic clatter was without harmony , strangely out of place among the steady insect buzz .
pluck was drawn to this new place , but the dream faded as her body tingled as if it was asleep .
some simply wander away from their belongings to explore the kingdom and to find their place in it .
instinctively , selflessly , she reached out to him and brought him back to himself , back to his center , back to a place of calm reflection in a way that would not have been possible had the two of them not shared all that they had when they were in the light .
you re with me , you re outside of that time and , because you re outside of that time , you re not in any physical place that you can understand right now .
it is there , sakra said to marcia , you have led us to the place of dreams .
i will always love brad and hold a place for him in my heart .
she quieted down , looked around and saw faces familiar to her , but still she clung to her bedding as if she was still in fear of being dragged away to some place she obviously feared , but that story would be coming soon , as toni relaxed her death grip on the sheets , straightened out her body , slowed down her breathing so as to produce a normalcy , exhaled as if completing a marathon , and allowed her head to sink deeply into the pillow provided for her on the hospital bed .
each in turn tried to tell their story of what brought them to this strange weird place , but neither could come up with any answers .
honey , i m sure it must have upset you in the first place when you found out cecil knew dennis , but then to also learn that he works for the cia on top of it that makes a forever moving shock in one day , so do nt be so hard on yourself .
then toni said , fire , fire , take these away to a place where they will be , out of our lives to a place we will never again see .
and the best part was all those who caused damage to others were put in a place where they d never be able to cause harm to anyone else ever again .
reluctantly lured from his seclusion , mos is hired to locate the final resting place of legendary irish hero , fionn mac cumhal .
clothing which had astrid known would not have looked out of place in a twenty first century shopping centre but to viking eyes were very odd indeed .
sometimes your duty to others makes any kind of self - preservation you have inside of you a late second place .
i am sure everyone would agree that your place is with your children .
tahir was in that place between asleep and awake when he heard a noise .
there may be a place for you yet , tahir .
kraven on the other hand was well aware of what was going on , but it was not his place to speak out during such important meetings .
but demetrius knew it was not his place to heal the dying , and that he could only postpone the inevitable .
i do nt know where my place is as your journey continues , but it is not here .
and there really is no place for bitterness and disappointment in a journey , especially considering the show the clouds and mists of rohtang were putting on for us .
more and more this place looks like the inside of a mind - dark , cloudy , shapeless , floating ; without any solidity .
this is the place for gestation , where thoughts are born from a sea of emptiness , the source of all creation .
the mckennas had no children of their own and were getting on in years , so angie and billy held a special place in their hearts .
they said that they had arrived in this place , called the in between , through a portal from aria .
i m curious to know why quinn began chasing it in the first place .
if you re not going to follow orders , you have no place in our organization .
i mean , you must have had reason to ask for their help in the first place .
how could he settle down when he had n't yet figured out his place in the world ?
king peremes took no place in war , though in times past legends had been passed down by word of mouth about the kings of the athenians .
there was little place of privacy upon the ships , however the beak of each vessel was an area generally left to commanders , and though each boat couriered a hundred atlantean soldiers , the resonance of the sea and chaos of paddling oars distorted most sounds , certainly those made by the whispers of man .
listos looked at arbicos , a wild look in his childish eyes suggested his imagination had taken the whispers of stories he had heard to places far expelled from reality .
sitting astraddle of the limb which was bigger around than his thigh , with a foot dangling on each side of it , he listened and searched the blackness for any shape out of place amongst the fine pine branches and needles .
they were indeed best friends , and from sebastian 's point of view , they enjoyed an uncomplicated life with uncomplicated problems where there was no place for real sorrows .
all she wanted right now was to change places with the sleeping beauty .
the world seemed to be an empty place without him .
their lips were nt moving , but their talk was taking place here , in this room .
now , everything about julian fell into the right place .
she did nt mind her place in the world , she liked giving pleasure in every possible way she was a born hareema after all but still , she had wanted to experience a meaningful relationship of sorts or at least mutual affection and caring , only once in her life .
he knew it was wrong to tell them , but there was no place for secrets between the three of them .
since she could nt take any more abuse , ten - year - old sheba an - pyr decided to withdraw deep into the recesses of her soul , trying to find the calm , peaceful place where her innate power dwelled .
he wondered briefly if he ever could become completely comfortable amongst the livingif there was a place for him .
a son , the man repeated , and exploded into laughter , the sound oddly out of place coming from one as wretched as him .
moira would have stopped , would have distracted niveus from this distant place that seemed to beckon to this extraordinary child , to take her away , except that she had no time .
it is not your place , moira , to question the will of our mistress .
he thought that they could reach out to niveus together , pull his sister back from that place which threatened to take her away .
there is no place for racism in this army !
although , i am a bit surprised you have nt yet imagined your own place .
there will never be a place in this world for such a child , anyway .
too many things felt out of place in this entire operation .
do nt need to , came the reply , its all over the place .
they consider fire as the original light of god and hence fire holds a special place of esteem in their religion .
whistles blow , ship 's stacker steam , and captains curse out for their rightful place in line .
i will always have a place in my heart for you dear .
the events portrayed within this novel took place over a span of time punctuated by numerous historical events within texas and mexico that may not be familiar to the reader .
hank was positively perplexed by this revelation , and just to emphasize the point , he volunteered absurdly , do nt like buzzards , but they do have their place , i suppose .
a time , up to the lion rock symbolizes the spirit of hong kong , seeing the bustling little mountain , looking back , that he was just a passing , did not belong to this was supposed to be the root of their own place !
there were no tearful good - byes , and i felt out of place .
i playfully stirred up the insides , and i felt something abnormal , out of place ; soft , smooth , and long .
may i ask you matt to go inside fontanes mind , and tell me why you believe he attacked in the first place ?
a place ? ''
but if they re dinosaursthen what is this place ?
that his place in the royal succession would become well out of reach . ''
my parents , who taught me how to dream in the first place .
where is this place that does nt appear on our naked eye ?
i do nt see what use a boy will be , but it is not my place to question the will of the high priest .
she remembered all the stories her grandfather had told her about the gods , but anubis held a special place in her heart .
it was impossible to tell when they might be needed , and tradition dictated that burial take place within one day of death .
it was not my place to tell you how to live your life or discipline your child , especially during your time of mourning .
i was in the midst of a mystic place and samuel held my hand , kept me safe .
it was odd that two servants could hold such a place in her heart , but these two did .
i m not offering you a place of honor in my home , but i need answers .
the world was a giant puzzle in which all things fit in their proper place .
like greg , they were important men with stunning wives , and julie knew that her mother always felt somewhat out of place with them .
their combined efforts totally eradicated any trace of the first party , and matts eyes were already looking ahead to something better once they reached his mystical place just beyond the trees .
but was it the same night that had brought her to this place of captivity ?
the only thing out of place was ethan .
for him , for her , this was an unspeakable place that should remain in the realm of nightmares .
he thought he had eased her to a place where she believed everything he said , and once she was on a couch or a bed , once she was out of his shirt and shoes , he would make her doubt any and all goodness in the world , but julie opened the door and entered he cabin .
other times , she was back in combinations of places that made little to no sense but were still preferable to the place where she was trapped .
ethan held her as she sputtered out apologies and tried to return to a place where she could make sense of what had happened .
julie knew that there would be other truths to tell , and while she loathed the idea of seeing pete and greg behind a defense table , her mother sobbing a few rows back , julie had this place to return to .
` ` that 's our place .
some say hell is n't an actual place of torment but a self - willed exile from the presence of god .
to find our place in life , each of us must look first .
her language seemed so out of place in the present context of where they were , which disoriented her .
there is no place for me here .
behind it was the full stampede of the herd with no place to go but forward .
the ridge loomed up ahead , and behind it rose the sun , its golden radiance so out of place to the participants whose life and death hung in such a narrow balance .
the basin was empty yet , a dull green place of ambiguous shadows in the dim light .
baer and chaiko attended to tomakon , who was given a prominent place beside the hosts on account of his great reputation .
it ll be hard for her not to make that kind of association , because , while you do need to guard against paranoid , you should also get to a place in life where you begin to learn from your mistakes .
wearing a blue vest and a crazy felt hat , it looked out of place in such a pastoral scene .
then if this place is not a hallucination , it has to be real !
then how are we to know where this place is ?
he did mention that there were ruins of a place called algoth somewhere around here , he said .
at least that way they should avoid most of what would take place out in the hall .
he definitely felt out of place among such company .
such formalities have no place in the swamp .
evening found them beginning to see changes in the swamp as it turned from lush verdant land to the quagmire / bog - infested place one would expect of a swamp .
the coldness was supposed to purge the evil out of him , as everyone knew that evil spirits came from a place of fire .
but whilst playing tom had found himself in a part of the garden he did nt recognise , a place he was certain he had never been before .
it seemed completely out of place in these surroundings , the overgrown vegetation concealing the structure within a shroud of green .
he and jack had somehow become lost in a place where things happened as they might in a dream .
he was aware that somehow he had brought this stranger out of the mirrors underwater domain , but what had taken place there to bring about such a thing he could not be entirely sure .
when she was banished to this place she was bound by powerful magic to the deepest regions of the caves .
where was his place in all of this ?
and once there , in that place you would name hell , we shall never dream again . ''
at last you have found your place in the scheme of things .
jack wondered what , when again he slept , he would find waiting for him in that other place that had taken on substance and now seemed to undermine his sense of reality .
for now he had found a friend in the wilderness of his soul and been invited to emerge from the darkness into another place , a place he prayed would be more forgiving toward him .
for now he had found a friend in the wilderness of his soul and been invited to emerge from the darkness into another place , a place he prayed would be more forgiving toward him .
you are the past , you have no place in this time , my time .
all that was in his mind was the memory of a glowing hand that had led him to a warm , safe place , a place where he wanted to stay for all eternity .
once upon a time , heaven was not just a fairy - tale land in the sky , it was a place mankind could actually reach , if they had a mind to .
he had climbed the tree , hoping that he too would be able to pass through into that other place , but he had been barred from entry by a force greater than his own and he had never tried again .
with that knowledge in his heart tom thrust himself on into the fire , so that his tears could extinguish the flames that charred the landscape black , to reveal an alien world beneath the ashes , a place where he could find deliverance .
he was aware distantly that he had entered an unknown place , far stranger , far more dangerous even than the one he had discovered when he had climbed the tree at the end of the garden .
he had a place in this affair , a purpose .
it seemed that their experiences were reshaping their beliefs and ideals , and bringing them a new understanding of things that they could have barely imagined before they came to this arcane , dream - like place .
` ` your place is not here , '' mo said flatly .
and there , appearing faraway in that vast place , was a throne of gleaming white bone .
from his place there , seated on a supple cushion of human flesh , it still fresh and bloody , the wolf gave a rueful smile .
` ` it is not my place to forgive you . ''
now there was an empty place inside him , and there would never be anything that could fill that void .
he studied the blood - caked fingers , bone glistening where his knuckles had been so viciously assaulted , but he felt no pain and even as he gazed down at them , a miraculous healing took place , his hands now bearing no sign that he had suffered any injury at all .
whatever reality was , whatever defined it as such , he did not know , but he knew that this was real , that it was a place where a person could not only live , but die , where pain existed and games had to be played out until the very end .
` ` i had believed that it was my place to do battle with the beast , '' he said with difficulty , ` ` but i have come to realise that i was mistaken .
that is a place where souls feel sick forever on whatever substance they died ingestin .
ethan watched as the little person created a portal to a place where clouds and vast blue skies stretched endlessly and souls of all different sizes and colors danced around one another , seeming to enjoy themselves .
the torment entrance led to a place of heat so strong it made ethan understand this place was a true hell .
there are more realms for a soul to earn a place forever than you can imagine , but spirit guides consume a specific list and release in larger numbers so the specific souls that are grouped , all go to the same place .
its not really my place to butt in .
the subject is familiar then storm - shadows eyes widened as things began falling in place .
kanade , i know it is not my place to say this , but can you i do nt know cool him off .
she never did , and his chance was gone , if he ever had a chance in the first place .
if it succeeds , then a flood of evil spirits will invade this realm and turn it into a dark place .
the beast is searching for a special place , a sacred place , with a strong connection to the spirit world .
we believe we know where this place is .
as i said earlier , this story takes place over forty years ago - i know this is hard to understand since i am telling you this tale as a participant in the story ... today , forty something years later .
speaking of sarge , he was standing yes standing , watching the maelstrom taking place all around and rather than hide he was standing literally admiring the violent but mesmerizing hiroshima type event that was occurring .
tinker getting up from the pilots seat let spook and little s put the captain in his rightful place behind his controls .
each wondered as they talked to each other what to put on the list ; do we understand the alien documents sufficiently to make a list of re - constructive parts ; what type of assistance will we have ; and most of all where is all this to take place ?
* * * when the following friday came and it was my job to ring him , i kicked myself for mentioning him in the first place .
or worse than that not waking up at all , meaning we d done too many drugs to feel the need to sleep in the first place .
excessive familiarity had built up between us but a night like tonight reminded us why we d ever started this in the first place .
i asked him from my place on the back seat behind al .
i woke up that night that i tried to kill you , but i had found myself in another place ... in the lake of souls .
generals , strategists , clerks and cannon fodder all have their places in that particular institution .
this trip took place in midsummer and it was oppressively hot .
` ` will you take me with you to this place ? ''
a fair amount of the hunting took place when they poached the property now belonging to roscoe slaughter .
the persian king has reincarnated several times now and could be someone else in some place we might never discover in our present system of things , so you must have personally met this person if you want to deal with xerxes or khshayarsha , as he is rightly named .
it was all starting to fall into place !
genuine friendship only falls into place , peter told her .
sometimes , you need to step back to see the whole picture and see where your place is in the world , he thought to himself .
she wished she could return to that quiet place in her mind , but she could not , and it was not entirely hastingss fault .
she heard the maids across the room start whispering again , and it reminded her of the much louder , but no less shameful , whisperings that took place among the kings witenagemot , or gathering of wise men .
it was his place to stand apart , to remind them all of their place , and thus his own .
a heavy heart gave the melancholy aspects of life a place to fester , like an infection .
the woman brushed concern aside ; with her absentmindedness if she worried over everything she forgot she would soon forget what had her worried in the first place .
they said things like its complicated and the age old favorite its not my place .
all the same , if its not your place to speak for the voiceless , if its not your place to champion the liberty and dignity of your neighbor , whose is it ?
all the same , if its not your place to speak for the voiceless , if its not your place to champion the liberty and dignity of your neighbor , whose is it ?
i ve been thinking , he said , putting the past back on a shelf , if they want pas place so badly , why do nt they just take it ?
it simply was n't his place to worry , end of palaver .
there was no place in gideons life for that sort of thing and no reason to encourage it .
nothing out of place reached his ears .
chaiko , chandar and ushi were conveyed to the centre , obviously to a place of honor .
to them , the whole thing was an arrangement of convenience , a transaction to gain power with personal feelings having no place in it .
she was worried that there was apparently such a huge place inside a person to get lost in .
yet i pity these men : for they lose their own place in the world .
she looked at fire - dancer and in her , perhaps , she found that place .
the girl was slowly healing as she became more certain of her place in the affection of the people around her .
he laid the work aside , asking , would the father of my mate and the leader of the jagged - feather rowe be pleased to take a place by my humble fire ?
though it is not my place to ask ... chaiko backed away from his question .
it is a f ... tara swallowed the rest realizing it was not her place to step on the shamans words .
even though everyone everywhere hates him , he is still held in our place of highest honor .
he said the world would be a dark place where evil would reign , however the pure in heart would look for his return , a saying among the native americans .
but i still like this version and thought it had a place in the universe .
leave it to him to plop himself back to a place he had no unequivocal desire to relive .
pride of place was accorded to bobcat , their best tracker , but johnnie stayed close on his heels , while everybody else hung back so as not to lose any other marks which might be there to be found .
i watched and saw how everyone had a place .
that was totally out of place given his drug - addict pacifist image .
go away , you have no place in my house , you have ruined the labor of my son .
annie had enjoyed a special place because chase had always treated her as an equal .
everything else found its place on the dark bottom of the channel bed .
it was a great honor in the boys lives to announce recess , and they competed every day for that place near the teacher , each trying to arrive first at school and occupy it .
all the inventions and discoveries in history took place when someone hoped for the best and worked day and night .
but i m not sure this is what i came out here for this job , the gift shop , larry its all weird out of place .
i d tell him in confidence every detail i knew about alia , with our time together in the proper place , in return .
the lodge still struck me as an odd - looking , out - of - place monstrosity all lit up like an airport , floor after floor of swiss - looking windows and awnings that struck out peculiarly from the dark forest surrounding it .
that night i had been to see nancy she s this woman who has a place on the outskirts of browning .
i then told greg the whole story , from the moment i got to the powwow to the end , with larry in his proper place in the tale this time .
as for the two singers , they were still filled with the sounds that they would remember all their lives , every nuance , every variation , for it was that awareness of sound that made them singers in the first place .
nebus face was clouded and her eyes darted shyly about , looking for her place in this world .
running is only in part a matter of legs , crow said carefully ; most of running takes place in the heart .
no wonder there was no place for a woman in your life .
a place for everything , and everything in its place , his mother used to say .
we ve worked hard , all of us , the entire membership of the guild , striving to secure our rightful place among the hierarchy of the city .
there is no other place for them .
i want a guild member to have a permanent place on the city council .
we deserve a place on the city council .
despair took its place in his heart .
i had the power to defeat them and yet i had been too scared to act in the first place .
we wo nt be able to find that place without some sort of miracle .
ogana , dashe , and i followed suspiciously behind blindly going to a place unknown to us , with nothing but trust in suzanne .
his eyes were blurry and he did nt seem to move his body at all as if he was in another place in his mind .
it appeared i was back in that place that i once thought was the inside of a well .
something about that incident was feeling out of place .
i opened my eyes with my hand shielding them expecting to see horror , but to my surprise i was out of that dark place and outside .
everything about this inn felt out of place .
why was i back in this place ?
he shouts , battering the stout guard aside with a shoulder check as he occupies his place in the battle .
do n't fall off the rocker , bridget , i called myself to order , things will fall into place .
i thought that things would just fall into place , '' i wailed .
it was obvious that helen also felt out of place .
my own place !
the fat wooden hippo from victoria falls , occupied a place of honour on the coffee table after i had carefully treated a broken leg with superglue .
as long as i had my teaching job for stability and things would fall into place somehow .
things will fall into place , you 'll see . ''
she loved to chat , and with her colourful kaftans and quirky twiggy hair , would n't have been at all out of place in the hippie era .
i ca n't go to a realm of the dead or abzu or whatever you call that place , '' i balked at the idea .
i quickly drop my body into an odd physical place , without warning and balance .
his glasses had clearly been broken several times , and the man still looked very out of place in such a situation .
paul was acutely aware of how out of place he looked in his newly acquired black overcoat , white shirt , creased trousers , and shiny shoes .
you do not know who you are or quite what your place in the universe is , and so naturally you are searching outside of yourselves for what you can feel is missing .
but as he looked at her steady , inscrutable gaze , he perceived a depth of integrity welling up from within her and he knew , however outrageous her ideas might sound to him , she was speaking from a place of total honesty .
paul felt as if time had slowed down and although he was physically involved in the action , he was also watching it from a place of spacious calm .
it is my place to rule .
taru knows his place , thought vorkis .
not to under cut the others but because he felt a need to give back to the city that took his family in and gave them a place to call home .
we have a greatness within us that transcends our species ; a knowledge of our place in the history of this world that can not , will not be denied .
it was late in the day as the doctor melons home came into view , and brian smiled the smile of a man that knew his place in things , and understood his destiny .
maybe because elizas school was mostly poor blacks and hispanics that she felt out of place when parents day rolled around and her mother came to the school .
chancho awoke at the same place in the nightmare as always , with the same feeling choking him from his sleep .
a place beyond your wildest dreams ; where endless possibility is not as it seems .
he would defeat this lone renegade and finalize his place in history .
a confusing place is the world we reside in ; filled with pain , cruelty and wickedness , but purah showed us all another side , a brighter side that we should all aspire to .
i know purah believed in a place beyond death where all is perfect , all is beautiful and all is right .
i thought about my place as a renegade , how i was being trained to stop men like him .
in a puff of futility the generically named man and his odd ex - friend died of their injuries and their bones were scattered to the winds over time , leaving nothing except the all important legend and the unknown hiding place of the black fossil .
` ` i m not done yet , '' jack said , ` ` now this matter is whipped around the universe at speeds so fast yet so imperceptible to the human beings place in the universe that it goes around and every piece of matter that once was will exist again . ''
jin once again found himself in a familiar place .
what transformation took place and caused me to reenter so soon ?
go to that place between your thoughts and between your circumstances .
your dream took place in an environment as close to our post apocalyptical world as possible .
one side of the atrium lobby is a restaurant , surrounded by ficus trees with fairy lights and tropical plantings , somewhat out of place in a nebraska winter but they thrive on the abundant light from the glassed ceiling nine stories above .
i ' m not the one who let the banshee get the drop on me in the first place .
it had also caused me to be moved to this place in time , and an uncertain future .
the vividness of the color was out of place in the twilight of the false stars .
i was scared that the book would reveal some terrible revelation about my presence in this place .
in participating i saw only the sick enjoyment of who or whatever put me in this frightening place .
jeremy tried desperately to reach his white place .
no , she said bluntly , but its not my place to tell you what to believe .
even the augurs quietly admitted that this fiction was meant to convey a message to the peasantry about their proper place rather than tell the story of anything that had ever actually happened .
there will be a place in my court for a man of your talents .
but he always got up after a few seconds , feeling guilty for being so selfish after all his wife had gone through to bring those kids into the world in the first place .
everything had just fallen into place , everything was perfect .
can we really send them to that dreadful place ?
instead , in that instant , he and his friends were winked away to a very strange place .
sally led them through a small trapdoor and down a very long and steep set of wooden stairs , which looked out of place amidst all the surrounding metal .
` ` it 's not our place to determine the value of their lives , master sato .
when the pieces of the puzzle finally clicked into place , the answer hovered within his thoughts , a word as clear as if it were written on a sign hung in front of his face .
and finally , something logical clicked into place for her .
the unseen forces still pulled him toward some unknown destination through a place he did n't even understand .
mothball , with her scraggly hair and her clothes hanging off her skin - and - bones body , her face lit up by a smile that seemed almost out of place in the gloom of their situation .
at some point it all became too much , and , like before , when he 'd been trapped inside this machine that he did n't understand , his mind sped away to a cold and dark place .
things were still wrong with the world , but at least he was in a different place .
finding a place in the world around him .
it was a good feeling to sharpen our weapons at last , to gather all our water , food , bedrolls and blankets , and to restore everything to their rightful place within our haversacks .
your place within ssarsdale has already been decided .
khavi looked as i felt , nervous and out of place surrounded by such things , but tzala did not .
it was nt clear what it was , that it would lead to this place or any place for that matter .
before death number two , he had spent time on an island swaddled in fog , a place called lethe , apparently another kind of threshold world like root .
i turned inward to a dark and cozy , womb - like place that was ever - present inside me but seldom visited .
she still held a place for me , sequestered deep in her consciousness , but it had atrophied in to a dusty keepsake , tucked away like a widows shrine .
ivies help you get places in life that you otherwise would have a hard time reaching .
he s in another place now , lady an whispered , patting brian with her one good arm .
abuela felt out of place in her own neighborhood , but her husband had made this house with his own hands and she would nt leave .
it seemed so out of place here , this monstrous home and its beautiful gardens .
books were not widely available in coe baba as the feudal system was still in place , with the noblest and the richest among them taking most of the resources for themselves .
you forget your place , doomba told him .
everybody needed a place where they were loved and supported , and coe baba was that place for him .
no marriage can take place in this town without a contract , and a marriage contract is most binding when it has been witnessed .
anger and hatred have no place in true revenge .
matt thought that one of the places that zombie wars online lacked in was the design of their non player characters .
' abruptly i enter into a dark and ominous place and i hear a voice , but i see no one .
but if you fall for our blessed woods , then will lord pelas furnish for you a place of honor in the world beyond the frozen sea where nothing sorrowful dwells . '
but what did strike him as out of place was the ingratitude of his fellow cheftans .
some say they perished in the wilds , while others claim that they came to a place beyond amlaman called desset ; and there they remain even to this day .
' it is not my place to say anything different from what your lord pelas teaches you , ' he sighed .
eventually everything of great importance found an obscure , antiquated place in history .
it was as if some sort of an odd , but natural occurrence had taken place there while he was sleeping .
sometimes , i just feel so out of place at such occasions .
he was completely confident of his place in her world .
instead , her dreams carried her to her secret place .
some said they were guardians of treasure , others believed they guarded the gateway to an evil place where monsters were imprisoned .
these thoughts were out of place in that situation .
all end up finding a place among us .
if you get to know them , you 'll find a place of your own in our family .
he has always worked to keep humanity in their place .
the creature walked up from the mass , wading through us all until we found our place in the shape of its body , and when he was almost complete , maructe threw his head back in a roar that thundered throughout the universe .
as much as her partner , tristan ellis annoyed her , she was relieved he was here , helping her not feel so out of place in the massive club .
things were falling into place , and nolan could nt be happier .
how do i exit this place ?
keep squeezing and squeezing as a means to retain control and remind them of their place in the world .
movement outside his tent caught braulor 's attention , a rustling noise that seemed out of place among the drips .
over the years he had become so used to quanna eresse being there when he wanted it , it had become a part of him ; a place of refuge when things were going bad in the real world .
tagans line of thought was all over the place , unsure where he wanted to go .
when he needed it , quanna eresse was a place of solitude for him .
chapter 4 past not so long after jane 's initial discovery of her magical doors , she began to feel that her play room was sometimes a lonely place .
he thought it might do her well to relearn her place in the scheme of things .
within the first few seconds of the girls ' song , a subtle but dramatic effect began taking place .
as fae aged , they grew in power ; vernal were too young to create their own bridges to the verden or places within the lore .
jane was beside herself with happiness ; finally she could share her special place with someone .
i 'd almost forgotten why it was that i had come to live with her in the first place .
tessa nodded sternly , as if nothing my grandmother had said was out of place .
though i had seen my hallway many times , as i looked on at it now , it was like another place .
now she understood why rhane had been so concerned in the first place .
i do nt even know why banewolf chose me in the first place .
despite this , things began falling into place .
noticing nothing out of place in the deserted mid - morning town , he settled back into his chair and closed his eyes once again .
its all falling into place too well .
i ' m flattered leo but my place is here .
a hunter so grand in his accomplishments that he was awarded a place among the stars .
ankles and calves can lead one 's thoughts to what transformations take place higher , between the legs .
` ` how out of place we seem , '' zayla says quietly .
with rayne at the helm , everything will fall into place just right .
` ` and why did you want it in the first place ? ''
i thought you would grow to love them , find a place there . ''
in this new model of existence each person had their unique place within the universe , and this neatly fitting piece completed a spiritual puzzle .
he looked down on the lifeless land and water and decided to make a perfect being to fill this empty place .
the only proper place for it is when learning the arts of war , in readiness for the day when you may have to use it to defend our land .
parvark marvelled at the perfectly manicured , deep green lawns which were so incongruously out of place in this city in the middle of a desert .
for i now realise i have been obsessed by the limitless future which lies before me , and my place in this future after my death .
that s why women have no place thinking about the law , he said .
valentino was offering him protection and a place in the world where merit could find reward .
in thals company the world had been a place of adventure with him as its master , but his abrupt departure stripped her of safety .
the sweet gesture seemed to reassure her , but thal knew they were far from safety , if such a place existed for them .
why were my damn emotions all over the place ?
there was a picture of a man in the place of honor in the center of the mantel .
it is time that you found your place in the real world .
they had seen only one interpretation of the order and only themselves as capable of finding each persons place in that order .
though dasen had now seen eighteen years , ipid would not consider him an adult who could sit in the presence of his betters until he found and accepted his place in the order .
are you saying his place in the order is with the church ?
though i think he certainly has the ability to become a great and honored interpreter of the order , i do not think it is his place to do so within the confines of the church .
father , i believe my place .
however , di valati alsance agrees that your place in the order is not with the church .
luxury and materialism have no place in study , and i am afraid if i allow two students to skirt these rules , i shall never be able to enforce them .
counselor torpy would say that you are out of alignment with the order , and that may be , but more importantly , there is simply no place for you as you are .
in the world outside of our lie , women have a place , and it is not hunting , running races , fighting .
there is no place for you .
and milne was right , there was no place for her .
she would never have a place in the village , would never be able to be who she was .
there was no place for her .
all he had to do was make tethina see her proper place , push her strongly back into that place , and the order would reestablish itself .
all he had to do was make tethina see her proper place , push her strongly back into that place , and the order would reestablish itself .
it only confirmed that what tethina needed most was someone to bring her back , to show her her proper place .
it was each persons duty to deny their freewill , to rely instead on the ability that hileil had given them to see the order and find their place in it .
he looked as out of place as teth would wearing that joining gown tomorrow .
she looked at the spine , a womans place in the holy order .
i have always struggled with my place in the community , she cooed .
yet most encouraging was how much tethina seemed to want to change , to find her proper place in the order .
maybe being shown her place as a woman extended beyond dresses and manners .
nothing can exist without a reason , without a place in the order .
he no longer saw the roots below his feet ; he saw the place of those roots in the order of the forest , knew why they were there , how they connected to the nature around them , and what they would look like five years from now .
if they so choose , they are transported as you were to a place where they can learn .
his robes seemed out of place out here in the wilderness , but he wore them like a second skin .
the place between is supposed to be nothing , made of nothing .
if the place between is real , then only the gods should have access to it , not a mortal wizard .
have you ever heard a tale wherein the hero escaped the place between ?
wren had very little strength left after the journey back from the place between ; his kah was almost empty .
grundhelm was nt clear on how he had found himself drifting in the place between .
what you call the place between is the open place around the edges of what you think of as the real world .
the place between itself was prison enough .
but it is not my place to intrude .
it 's not my place to ask .
even in death you do not know your place !
i ' m going to meet my maker and i 'll go to a place beyond pain and suffering .
the spirit world is a strange place like that .
` ` i ' m wondering what that thing was doing around our van in the first place , '' nora said .
one day her gifts , her strengths , would surpass his own , and she would take her rightful place at the head of the fire .
but he did nt even believe in the place , so how could he go there ?
mr . forbe , since she s so great at finding missing people , did you ever think that she and this smoke speaker had something to do with their disappearances in the first place ?
others say the soul goes to a world beneath the land of the dead , a horrible place of endless pain , torture , and fear .
the land of the dead is a place without light , without sun .
however , while i respect your place as my elder , i find it hard to respect you as a person , or as a father .
i can offer you a place in the spirit world , so that you may be with your loved one .
a place in the spirit world was something annabelle could not imagine .
seven years in the land of the dead had stripped her thoughts of any spiritual world greater than the place of dark skies with a red and purple sunset .
many moons ago , whisper began , her voice seeming out of place among the quiet , a man loved a woman who despised him .
he would take her place in the land of the dead .
he lives his life with one purpose , to kill the raven - eater , so that kanegv can take her rightful place as guardian of the dead and blue feather can be freed .
he has no place in the fire tower .
he did nt go to some mythical place .
whisper had once said that the land of the dead was a dark place because of the raven - eater , and that his destruction meant the dead could once again rest in peace .
by burying his hair , he is forever bound to a place created for souls without a life in either world , a place where he can never exist except within his own black soul .
by burying his hair , he is forever bound to a place created for souls without a life in either world , a place where he can never exist except within his own black soul .
my place has always been here .
soshe knew all along that the fire tower would be the place of her true death .
it is not our place to send their kind forth to annihilation to purchase the lives and future of our people .
summoning summons familiars from the bottom circles , the place where all evil stems .
he has a place in the mage council .
this place must be my mind !
it was corwin that spoke out of place , the kingdom historian .
she fell asleep and drifted off to a place she had not visited before .
he felt a pull as if his place was on the battle field .
he was invisible to all , for his place was in the realm of the spirit .
his previous thought of forcing the man to go on the journey seemed out of place now .
james slowly led nathan down pass the crypts of past kings and ancestors , each with his or her unique place in the history of the brantide dynasty .
for some , the war was an opportunity to earn a place in the annals of time , to be remembered by history as men who put the good of the realm before their own lives .
some of the soldiers fled deep into the mines , terrified and with no place else to go .
on multiple occasions , talon had witnessed unexplainable events take place around the man .
after a moment he said , i have yet to claim my place in the kernin bloodline .
the black mountain , a place sacred to both the pagan orcs and the dark elves , loomed to the north .
instead it goes to the threshold of this world , a nameless place of spirits and mist .
the world is changingand you have no place in it !
intellect , mathematics , poetry , wit , all have a place of honor when great men gather .
again , there was nothing much out of place , though there were a few bits and pieces that did nt belong to me .
soon she will take her rightful place on the throne of heaven .
i had been returned to hekate 's secret place of sacrifice in troezan .
my natural place is on a sylvan hillside , piping songs for sheep .
its not my place anymore .
then you re going to come back here , fall to your knees , and beg me for a place at my feet .
its extremely complicated , and not my place to explain it to you .
childish fears have no place in a mans life .
till the wind passes over it and he is gone , and his place is remembered no more .
he had his place in this great immensity too and the unimaginable force that guided this wonder , guided him .
had his father marvelled at these same sights , wondered at his place in the universe also ?
it reminded him of stories the brothers told of satan and his infernal dwelling place .
artephius smiled again it is a place where men turn base matter into gold .
he pulled out tattered books and parchments in illustration of his words , traced the outline of the skull on his bench as he talked of mans place in the universe and the impermanence of all things .
we must lift the veil of ignorance from those whose pride and covetousness holds humanity back from its rightful place .
natural philosophy , astronomy , alchemy and virtueof the doctor , the herb or the metal , these were the foundation stones of healing and he grew in knowledge and confidence as he was guided toward an understanding of mans place in the great wonder of nature .
he decided to clean away the corrosion and examine it more closely , to make a better place for it in the newly restored room .
his attempt to share the knowledge he d acquired with the learned of europe in the hope of a humanistic reform was unsuccessful , so he gathered together this gnosis and founded a fraternity , based on the ideals of tolerance , the welfare of humanity and the right of every man to find his true place in the great wonder of nature .
his broad shoulders filled his often - washed cotton shirt ; he wore khakis with a casual ease that let me know he was comfortable with himself , with his place in the world .
once we 'd had a chance to get to know each other in moreconventional ways , everything else would fall into place .
i closed my eyes , trying to re - create the feeling of nothingness that had surrounded me when teel had taken me to that timeless , spaceless place .
howies face dropped , the pieces were all starting to fall into place , at least most of them .
although the two of them spent time together , celeste knew that howie was feeling quite left out of his friends new circumstances , unsure exactly what , if anything , his place now was .
this evil had no place in her life , regardless if she lived forever .
` ` just a teenager trying to find a place in the world . ''
` ` you know , '' said mikhail , ` ` i ' m the biggest coward in the world , but when i saw you standing there alone , i knew my place was beside you , missy . ''
i had imagined you becoming my close companion , but with this set of personal circumstances , perhaps it would be best if we let you find your own place among the colony .
ferals had no place in this world , no place in this fight , and could do neither humans nor vampires any service .
ferals had no place in this world , no place in this fight , and could do neither humans nor vampires any service .
it seems to have a place in our world , and now that i ' m a vampire , i sense it more clearly .
it tells me that the answers we ' ve been looking for may be at some place beyond catalin and velinar . ''
he allowed his body to again control its own as he returned to the place of memories .
he had been tested at an early age , all were , for his was the ultimate sacrifice in their society ; a place of honor which held prestige without acknowledgement .
toodrake , unfortunately in that particular situation , could understand the prince and would question whether or not blight was correct when he spoke of trolls places in society as one of wandering the land eating mold and mildew so others could walk with clean feet .
it is not your place to ask , orc , it is your place to do !
it is not your place to ask , orc , it is your place to do !
it reached a crescendo when the two lost their places , both lyrically and situationally .
the world is harsh , gaia , and you must recognize your place .
and so the greatest siphoning event ever attempted took place within mother natures castle as the giant goliath placed his mouth over one end of overgrown bamboo , the other end was placed in the well and he sucked .
you have an important place here in our village .
soon after i found that the sea was not the place for me .
the cosmic gate is a place where veredor meets with the cosmos beyond .
the prince of shadows brought them to veredor in those days from a dark place in the cosmos .
you are completely enslaved by your evil desire ; freedom has no place in you .
such freedom has no place in you , skathean .
at first it had been intended that the heads of the various governments should in person attend this universal congress , but as the enterprise went on , as the enthusiasm spread , as the necessity for haste became more apparent through the warning notes which were constantly sounded from the observatories where the astronomers were nightly beholding new evidences of threatening preparations in mars , the kings and queens of the old world felt that they could not remain at home ; that their proper place was at the new focus and centre of the whole worldthe city of washington .
he had not been given a foremost place in the congress , but when the name of his country was pronounced he rose by his chair , dressed in a gorgeous specimen of the peculiar attire of his country , then slowly pushed his way to the front , stepped up to the presidents desk and deposited upon it a small box .
it so happened that , rather cleverly , he had employed his not inconsiderable charms to secure a rather sizeable place in the gels affections .
in fact , so completely did the great shell of smoke conceal the planet that the place occupied by the latter seemed to be simply a vast black hole in the firmament .
she came from wych cross , in the midst of ashdown forest and she was unfamiliar with the suburbs , but this decrepitude still seemed odd , even bearing the recession in mind : out of place , even sinister .
was there any place for him in a divinely - ordered world ?
so , if a place in the neo - nazi empire was offered you , you would not take it ?
andrew landers , his father and the local preacher , had special places in his heart for the younger children , too , but something of a sore spot for emery , though neither emery nor his mother sarah could ever pinpoint a reason for it .
the master himself has walked here and the blood of his servants has soaked into the very stones , nay , this island shall be a place of sanctuary for those whom the enemy would otherwise destroy .
kipril shuddered , it is not our place to defy such powers sir , but the masters alone .
they came for me in the dead of night and bore me to a place unspeakable .
eloises middle - class sussex accent seemed out of place beside the crusties broad scouse .
now this whetted men much to the building of churches , that it was promised them by the teachers , that a man should have welcome place for so many men in the kingdom of heaven as might stand in any church that he let build .
i m sorry , its not my place to lecture you .
i mean of course there is a place for slavery in eeriaafter all who else would build our roads ?
are you certain the knighthood is the correct place for your son ?
your place on the council is hardly your concern , ekra , the arch - mage said .
i m no longer to have the safety of the keep , and with each passing second i doubt that the enclave is a place of security for me .
it is ... not really my place as a knight to know .
four years away had filled his head with such romanticism ; his place was surely as the future baron .
i suppose i should have been happy i was being invited to something , a chance to get to know some of my work associates and solidify my place in the company .
when you return tomorrow , she added with a tone of finality , i want you to have practiced finding a place of calm in your mind .
if i can be more specific , the cards currently have no place in your mind , which means i have no way of reading the information .
i arrived home and headed inside , my intention being to spend some time further practicing my place of calm .
now , as i took a sip of my coffee , ( having decided against beer ) , and watched as he proceeded with the familiar cigarette rolling ritual , i found that his uninterested attitude had brought me to a place of numb relaxation .
the pain in my shoulder was only faintly present , and i knew that practicing my place of calm should have been a top priority , but the pills held an allure i could not deny .
there is a place for you in the family , there always has been .
i resisted , pushed it all aside and reached out desperately for my place of calm .
the anxiety melted and stability returned , even as i acknowledged that the treasured memory upon which my place of calm was based might well be false .
grasping frantically , i reached out for my place of calm , only to find it fluttering and darting about , rocking on the rapids of a suddenly restless sea .
i nodded , took a deep breath and slipped into my place of calm , hours of practice paying off .
and in an achievement that can only be described as legendary , my place of calm held .
i reached for my place of calm , a little ashamed i had not thought to do so earlier .
at last like a patient polar bear fishing through an ice hole , i snatched up my place of calm .
as the laughter subsided i stepped forward and sank into the couch across from him , letting go my place of calm as i did .
at least i assumed they were choice grade since anything else would have seemed completely out of place .
find its place of residence within yourself .
i guess its not my place to decide for others , i continued , because in this world the way that it is , i would not blame anyone for choosing to hold reality at bay for a while ... you re scaring me , jet !
images drifted slowly through my mind , memories that preceded my place of calm and made up the childhood of which i was so fond warm summer days spent by the swimming pool , the smell of steaks and sausage cooking on the open fire trips to the drive - in under a clear sky , watching movies that were not as important as the actual time spent with loving parents lying under the table when gran visited , satisfied from the evening of incredible food and shared laughter how could i have forgotten these things ?
reality shunted into place .
which was unexpected , since the last thing i could recall prior to the hospital was being swallowed by insanity and dying i had given up , called it quits , and vanished into the heart of the dark depths of my own mind , a place that had terrified me to the very pit of my soul .
you mean to tell me that you had nt even thought about where to go once you came into this awful place , the aelf said in a low voice .
where is that place ?
he has no real place in the community .
trak is frustrated that there is no place he fits in .
krage lightly touches her hand , daughter , i regret that i have nt been here to guide you , but if it is your wish to leave the septantrak , perhaps i can help you find a place in the world .
a place for what was to be , both good and evil .
we hope to live in peace with the surface inhabitants , but if they oppose us , we will fight for our right to a place in the sun .
i started to and then decided my place is with you , myrel counters .
they sent him to king lorring to negotiate an exchange of the temple for a place on the surface .
the metallic sound was out of place in a vast open plain of tall grasses .
it would sit in a place of honor in the secret halls of the cleansers .
gideon , in his tunic and slacks felt out of place amidst the robed denizens of the academy .
and what was his place ?
it was then that it occurred to gideon that this was not her place , not where she ought to be .
what joseph did n't understand was why they kept the store open at all in the first place .
what do you think of man 's place in the universe ?
it was a place to go to , to be one of many others , with them , but alone , together , like a pack of ghosts , unable to touch , to feel , and not wanting to .
she looked so out of place there , amongst those ghostly warriors .
oh , well , not my place to question orders , meadows said .
a hidden place carved by eons of erosion from the nearby ocean , networking caves and tunnels far beneath a family mausoleum in the grendlocke cemetery .
or his mind bleeding like and open wound , the terrible cold dark place lain withering and dormant deep within his memories .
hadge looked away from the dark ominous images , reminded so much of the sheol , just as the meaning of the word became perfectly clear , place of the dead .
the divine protector taketh thine book in fiery hands , and the power thus to use the edge of darkness against its creator , casting the prince of darkness back to his rightful place , the pits of hell .
yet even the sound of his own voice was lost in this place , and he was sure it had something to do with the hear no evil portal .
her sweet soft words rang of certainty , the darkness was defeated , and sent to its rightful place .
it is not your place to consider the demands on your patience .
you will always hold a special place in my heart , lucinda said .
but , while i would advise you not to embark on this dangerous mission you are so intent on , nevertheless , as the hostility of our northern enemies seems intractable , and as you are resolved on avenging the deaths of your fathers and husbands , i feel it is not my place to forbid you from going .
it had proven more difficult than expected to find a place away from that world .
malak - esh had returned to its place in the dimensional pocket near her at all times .
it all seemed to fall into place and make sense .
you have no place in nature anymore , and you deny that anything exists beyond the trees and flowers that you cut and pluck .
as we did take note , perhaps the safer place for her right now is by our side .
at the hour of confrontation , doubt had no place , and would only serve the enemy .
the stale hum of distant cars seemed out of place in this weird vacuum .
just when one thing clicks into place , another spirals out of control .
somehow , although going there was not part of the dream , and it was someplace she had never been anyway , she knew exactly where the dream took place .
this has its place , but not in history .
` ` if you 'd enjoy a sense of feeling small , i recommend you sneak inside the wall to catch a glimpse of those resplendant things with fiery breath and half a dozen wings and bodies they can change to any shape to leave their awestruck underlings agape , who , by their place in heaven 's high command , may -- very meekly -- in the presence stand .
if god turns out to occupy a place that 's undefined in what we know as space , then searching on the ground or in the air will obviously never get you there .
you 're whining 's out of place , you must agree , when on the verge of a theophany . ''
our tribesman felt distinctly out of place surrounded by this fishy , furless race .
would be reborn , to join his brainless throng in heaven , for eternities of song and blissful peace -- if they would just obey nonsensical commandments , day by day , and place in god their every hope and trust , and ' cultivate their faith , ' and curb their lust for everything their cultic priests forbid .
will any ally offer more than i -- a place in heaven , where you 'll never die ?
this was , then , the dream : a place , a feeling the place had given him .
this was , then , the dream : a place , a feeling the place had given him .
if there was any white fluttering , it came not from mysterious birds aloft in those trees , but from a place deep inside her .
i 'd already been informed that i could either volunteer for this place or be branded an undesirable so his part in it was n't against my will .
{ johann , do you wish to leave this place ?
anguis stared at rein and , as in the image , merlin could tell there was communication taking place .
when she looked back at jasper , she realized how out of place he was .
was this the place that your vision led you to ?
my love , he almost said , but it seemed out of place .
she would not do anything that would delay her leaving this place of black spirits .
we are merely trying to find our place in the world .
taya had frozen for a moment , then settled back casually into her chair , her usual smile resuming its place on her lips .
but that was not his place .
do you accept your place as my mate ?
all we had to do was go to sleep and be transported to the place we have been longing for .
excuse me , i said , but i seem to be in a place unknown to me .
i took something from him a long time ago , something he had no right to in the first place .
as it was , it was her sense of , of nothing that got me to investigating in the first place .
a sense of something out of place .
` ` there is no place here for a daughter who has false lineage .
only death awaits those who have no place in witch town . ''
` ` the men know their place , '' retorted allana .
` ` there is no place here for any female who is not of our lineage .
despite the fact that she still felt horrified that the amulet had invaded her flesh , something that felt startlingly alien , there was still another part of her being that accepted its presence and acknowledged its place there .
` ` i , rosemary of the green coven , offer this new mother a place within our house . ''
they learn their place in our society , while the daughters are taught ... other things . ''
` ` we offer this girl a place in our house .
` ` the piercing is a barbaric and outdated trial , '' called abigail , ` ` we have no place for such things now . ''
` ` it really is not your place to ask , my dear .
ellie decided that going back to her new house , accompanied by her newly acquired husband , all dressed up in her brand new witch 's outfit had definitely taken the number one place on her weirdest moments of her life list .
` ` your sister will learn her place in her coven .
` ` unless we put in place ways to prevent them , '' rosemary countered .
this had not gone down well with the witch from the white coven and she had given the boy a lecture on his ignorance , the proper place of men in their community and how his subversive nature would be his undoing if he did not watch his step .
she had to admit there was a real adrenaline rush to using her power and there was definitely some kind of physiological effect that took place that was difficult to define .
it all felt rather clinical and there seemed to be no place for feelings or emotional attachment .
it is not your place or your concern ? ''
there was no place for such sentiments in witch town .
it is long past time that we took our rightful places in the world .
to remind us of our place in witch town . ''
the idea of fiction , of course , carries with it the connotation of something having taken place outside true events .
it was as if he had been sucked upward and torn away from his place , the cave and all his surroundings disappeared and he found himself in the clear blue skies of day .
in these years she had filled the place in their hearts for both sons and daughters .
somehow she had taken a special place in his heart and that would remain there forever !
` ` it 's not just about god , though , yes , it is hard to understand all that is taking place .
since i was very young , god has appeared to me in dreams in the night and i have always felt i knew that my place would be to serve the people in that way .
all and all , his life was filled with contentment and he was very satisfied with his place under the stars .
yet , mysterious things were taking place within the heart of the boy being anointed .
all of this would serve to help establish in saul 's mind just how glorious his place was in the hearts of his people !
it will take many days for your heart to even begin to heal , but it will someday and you should understand that you will always have a place , and be a part of the house of david from this day and forever ! ''
his place in the service of his friend and king was the only life abner had ever known .
dreams , i believe , are a place where one layer of the finite is peeled away for a moment , and we come a breath closer to the divine . ''
it seemed , in the mind of the young , troubled prophet , that the words repeated many times from a great and faraway place before they finally called him completely out of his slumber .
in time their place will be no more , but the righteous shall ascend into the place of the lord god when they are given bodies that will sustain existence there .
without question , he knew that the lord god was with him and that the city , which david was about to possess , had a great place in the future of his people .
for when messiah sits upon his throne in jerusalem , earth shall be renewed and man shall rise to his intended place and rule as gods among all that the lord god has created .
therefore , this kings place among men is forever blessed ! ''
when a soul dies he or she must first enter sheol , a place irradiated by a brightness of staggering intensity !
you must aid us in this scheme and , by so doing , earn yourself a place among the great spirits here in the underworld . ''
when the threats of our enemies loomed over us from every side , your mighty sword delivered us and brought us into a new place and set our feet well under us !
but god had not forgotten the days of absalom and the treachery that had taken place therein .
nor was it the king 's place to speak of these matters , for the sins committed were committed against he , himself !
it is our place to do so ! ''
a great wind began to blow all about the young man and suddenly azarias found himself in another place , and as his mind cleared , he was laying on his side upon the plush carpets within the wizard 's room where he saw matriaca seated just beyond him as before !
have you come to this place as well ?
if you do not , and should your intercession fail , then this very day shall see the end of israel and her place shall be forever removed from under the heavens , and the things which i have spoken will not come to pass .
this made it easier to understand the place the others held in the sacred prophecies . ''
its probably not my place to tell you this information , and i m sure your mother will be furious when she finds out .
i m sure that s what really drew my dad to her in the first place .
we d watched her since she was a baby and i had to admit , she held a special place in my heart .
the dog started barking and we both rushed towards it , almost forgetting why we d risked our lives fighting zombies in the first place .
its not your place to speak or ask questions .
every human struggles to find their place in the world .
i guess after my own experience , it was hard for me to feel a ton of empathy for someone who gets a gentle knock on their door from someone without a gun who explains that they re different , they re special , and that there s a place for them , then offers them a chance to join a training program to channel their powers .
shed never felt as if shed found her place among any of her peers , among anyone .
all her life , shed never had a true place among any group shed ever been a part of , and those had been few and far between .
he waited for some relief to take place before he spoke .
training took place at all hours , in different climates and different environments , even under water .
too much had taken place , another death , cindy got hurt and the fear of having to experience another near death nightmare kept him wide - awake .
' tri via , or the three ways , is fabled as the place where earth , air and water meet , ' lenny explained .
if the body is soul - less then the ferryman will transport the body , across the river syx , to the realm of the departed and the burial can take place with all due honour . '
and who 's to say i deserve a place in paradise , anyway ? '
there 's no place in head office for mavericks . '
all they knew was that inside the forgotten place in this inhuman realm there was something the emperor wanted .
if a place such as the haedarak could exist , what other horrors and evils could also , banished away into the world beyond his own ?
flowing out of me and into this place , giving it form and function .
i did nt think it possible for a place to smell green , but this place did .
there are mental protections i can put in place when i have enough time .
eventually , i got to a place where everything seemed foggy .
the two men enveloped me in their world as if i belonged there and for once i felt like i d found my place .
tacitus rode his new horse into the village and while the people had never quite fully accepted him again , he was happy to be back in the place that he called home .
my place is here , by father 's side , and nowhere else . ''
' marriage is no place for a woman ! ' ''
it had been many years since anyone had been brave enough to address him so carelessly ; insubordination and questioning of authority had no place in the military and therefore , had no place in his life , either .
it had been many years since anyone had been brave enough to address him so carelessly ; insubordination and questioning of authority had no place in the military and therefore , had no place in his life , either .
` ` i feel there is no place for me in the cavalli- '' ` ` ah , my son , but there is !
` what she could understand was their desire to have something to call their own and have places in this new world , but how they were going about it was all wrong .
stay in our realm kakri , we have no place in theirs now .
basha said , not certain anymore if it was a good idea in the first place , but he was stuck with it since it belonged to him .
the old man , she should never have gotten involved with him in the first place , even though nisa had been born from such a union .
he was disturbed by these disappearances and absences occasionally , wondering if there was something taking place in those blocked - off areas that he was missing , perhaps the tiger .
now that she had restrained herself too much , and others had added to her bonds , she felt restricted by her sense of self and place , and felt that it could only get worse unless she changed herself .
but the familiarity of being in a place of the god eased her mind , even if there were ways in which it could nt compare .
the bravery and die hard will exhibited by the humans secured their place in the world as the dominant race amongst such a diversified nation , not to mention the fact that the human king finally defeated hasbarie .
they were once a dominant race in calencia , but their barbaric customs had no place in the ever changing world .
still , the sounds of the forest seemed to be missing something , something that sandra could n't quite place .
things will fall into place , i promise .
know your place , wolf .
you need to learn your place in this world .
my world was a strange place all of a sudden .
castle greydawn had almost never been a place of happiness for her , but it had at least been a place of safety .
the air seemed still and somehow wrong , and wrong had no place being here .
it took quite some time , but finally , mercifully , he drifted away to a place where his troubles faded and his dreams made him welcome .
he had taken this place from a dusty , unused chamber and introduced the light of learning into it ; in truth , this pleased him as much or more than a successful completion of his mission might ever do .
what place in society is he to fill ?
right now , my zen place was somewhere with a truck load of painkillers .
ruled by instincts that had no place in civilised society .
floating in a place i tended to call null space , where i was merely perception with no physicality at all , i took stock .
i wintered there and learned this song , this song that i have played ; and then my mentor went from there to find that sacred place .
it was he who brought you to this place .
so comfy and practical for running country roads at home , they were stupid and out of place in this unknown , elegant world : a degradation to aerisian floors of glossy , pink - and - silver marble .
they , however , were in complete accord : they felt they d no place at aerisias council table .
whether or not this place lent itself to the discovery of wisdom , the hidden warrior did not know .
in any case , there was little place for mortal women in the simathe existence or lifespan , and so there simply were none .
april 19 , 2014 on smashwords copyright 2006 michael schwaba discover other titles by michael schwaba at smashwords.com : the unsettled thunderwalker , book 1 - the place between worlds smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this free ebook .
she said to herself , ` ` concentrate ... '' she forced herself once again , as she had many times before , to return to that place where she might sense what was going to happen .
blacky groaned inwardly , not knowing why he had agreed to come along tonight in the first place .
that 's what draws them to each other in the first place .
it seemed out of place in such a stately room .
to scarlett , the realm of light was a place of torture , and she did nt want kat to go there .
moments passed and then everything clicked into place .
the realm of fire the michaelite word for the realm of fire is heaven and it is the place where all angels are born and lived in the beginning before the fall .
the realm of light is the place of judgement for all angels .
the realm of ice the michaelite word for the realm of ice is especially hell , and is the place where all angels who are punished are sent to be jailed .
we do , davis , though we call them wizards as their magic comes froma different place .
her minerva had been taught to put people in their proper place .
know your place lord arian .
she blinked once , and then said , ` ` where is this to take place ? ''
just curiosity , and something else i could nt quite place .
his contacts in tree city hid us until we found our place in the shadows thus the order of shadows was born , said elzik in sincere admiration .
you can return to the first eon at will and experience a place of purity and silence .
these northmen call hel a place of ice , but i fell into the egyptian version , a lake of fire .
i assume my brother yoshimizu had those ninja find a place in my court since i am known for hiring bodyguards .
there s no place for training in the ways of the warrior , and neither is a mans lust an acceptable outlet for our desire .
your father gave me a place in this culture where everywhere else i was invisible .
though he wanted to report their victory , it was not his place .
it was his final gift to his son , to remember his mother and how there could be no place for pride except in those who did nt know how free they were without it .
if i ca nt do anything about this war , ill have no place in my own home .
shinto ancestor - worship is designed to give the dead a place to live on inside us .
he d abandoned his duties , his family , his place in this kingdom .
there was no place for innocence here , only death .
but this time hope did n't seem to be out of place .
the morrs surrounded his bed and began to chant ; arise , you worthy child of nature wake up from your slumber behold your children for you to nurture behold so great a number though you dwell in places divine remember your purpose to aid all those you left behind whenever they summon you arise trinidos for now we summon you within minutes trinidos ' body began to get life .
everyone began to chant the words ; arise , you worthy child of nature wake up from your slumber behold your children for you to nurture behold so great a number though you dwell in places divine remember your purpose to aid all those you left behind whenever they summon you arise radok for now we summon you we chanted for quite a while but to no avail .
he seemed somehow out of place in the forest where creatures were celebrating the coming of spring .
but , think , according to everything you knew before today , there are no hidden worlds , no largo drums and no such place as song .
among the phoon esmeralda awoke in a dark place .
he seemed out of place in mallts stall and reluctant to interact with her .
tremeirchson had no place for such frippery .
he is right and , in that instant , sweeps away everything that gives my life meaningas well as the platform on which that meaning takes place .
as a teller of tales , i was sometimes given a place in the megaron of a king .
not even egypt held a place so sacred .
it was not his place to question his prince .
the gods had visited her then and she had walked in the kingdom and communed with creatures , spirits , and fae so majestic the pain of her injuries had dissolved in awe and her heart was soothed by the blessing of merely existing in that place .
metlina , it is time the mortals of ibea understood their place .
things were starting to fall into place and the cryptic rushed words with his uncle had supported his conjectures and confirmed his worst fears .
sometimes i forget my place .
dal absorbed the information ; slowly everything started to fit into place .
now an outcast , she lives at the mercy of others , forever pursued by the wyvern as she searches for her rightful place in the world .
i have been lying in this place forever , and my mind is mired in darkness .
they tried to pacify her , but she insisted they carry her to the place of the dragons .
they are assured of a place in the hall of the forefathers at any rate .
we leave it to you , oh gods and shipspirits , to guide them to the hall of the forefathers and show them to places of honour , for all have fought like warriors and skrals .
i could not stop him , but we can delay him while the world recovers , and in that time those will come who can take him back to his place .
i ve known about his ... illness for years , but its not my place to say anything so long as i still want a place in the governors ranks .
perhaps , he heard ashwin say , as if from some distant place or a dream .
ashwin took the other mage - superiors place at the edge of the bed , letting go of his anger as soon as he looked upon korstens expressionless face .
that ca nt change , but knowing that i have a place in your heart helps me to manage the fact that what s happened between myself and renmyr also ca nt be changed .
perhaps word of the unspeakable horrors that took place in haddowyn , in the very home of the ruling lord , spread all over edrinor , inspiring new stories of demons and new beliefs in them as well .
he was going to be at the back , issuing orders , and perhaps that was the wisest place for any leader , but korsten could nt help that he had come hoping to find a hero , who was going to take it personally that demons or even the morennish people threatened his outpost and the town beneath it .
i never really wanted to die alone , but perhaps i have always known that there would never be a place for me in rens arms when that time came .
she often teased him about his appearance , but his non - conventional looks were one of the things that had drawn her to him in the first place .
not even the birds seemed to favour this place of death .
yes , it is a mythical place , a place that supposedly belongs in the spirit world , some say it exists and others say it is pure imagination .
the young woman i am with seeks this place , wishes to go there .
but my place is here with you , it has always been that way , she said looking up at him .
the images then faded and i was back in the white place feeling a little motion sickness .
up to now , everything i experienced was mostly related to magic , so all this technology seemed out of place .
sure , whose place is this ?
things just seemed a little out of place not having alura around to keep me on my toes .
do you know where this place is alura ?
hopefully , none of the fur balls would sense anything was out of place .
it left me in an awkward place .
as quickly as i was brought to this place i could feel my mind or intellect or whatever being gripped and rushed back in the opposite direction toward a distant speck of light .
i know how we got to this apartment but how did we get to be alive in the first place ?
we can drift about in a sea of confusion being born and dying without ever understanding the purpose of life or we can take our places in the pantheon of heroes , confident that our victory is inevitable because we are on the right side of history .
before reconciliation could take place , they had a lot of serious questions to answer , i brooded .
the childs reaction to her father seems a little out of place to metaphysical man .
i just knew that i was about to reenter the most horrifying place in the history of time .
you are meant for greater places than the kitchen !
this bad habit had begun in his early years as a priest as he struggled to make long sermons about ' the will of the gods and the place of man ' interesting to a congregation of subsistence farmers , who by their very nature were very close to the ' other world ' on a daily basis .
gareth had originally found him an exciting new master , ready to play and run and wrestle ; now he found him a dour and taciturn creature , whose thoughts were clearly in another place .
moonshine wanted music and steelstrom wanted to make sure that there was a suitable crown ; and that he had a place of honour on the platform .
know your place , palme .
take my place at the council of governors .
where the earth should have been within the enclosure , there was a window into another place in the forest of arduin .
when someone died , they went to the underworldthe place of departed spirits .
if you slay the devil and his demons to protect mankind , i will give you a place in my heaven once again .
god , knowing that the devil and many more demons had retreated , gave his hellhounds life , and offered them a place among the fallen .
i kept my eyes on both of them , his words taking a place in both my head and heart .
my brain finally clicked into place .
i took in the whole picture , watching , calculating , and then reached within me for that special place .
it took a long time for our healing to take place , and in the case of blood loss like mine , even longer .
you stand in my way , and i will take the necessary action to get you out of my way , i said , gathering strength from my hellhound place inside me .
she just found her love and place in the fallen world ; will she be able , and willing , to sacrifice it all ?
the cestrian music tournament takes place in three days , is that correct ?
and you ve convinced me that your place in this is of supreme importance , although i do nt think you realise it yet .
as the pig returned his stare , it too seemed to share the recognition , and then their eyes went wide as the memories fell into place .
those who speak it are sworn to secrecy upon pain of damnation to the black place of our souls for all eternity .
i took a step back , hoping to return , but i remained in this place .
all stories take place before scale - bright .
this was my place , this was my peace .
there s no place for you ; there never was .
it makes no mention of leaving ; this it seems to consider its rightful place .
goddess , its never been my place to criticize how the divine garb their sacred persons .
i remain in a stupor for several seconds , trying to comprehend the incomprehensible state because of which i feel locked on my place .
you re here because of some sort of a compulsion that i am sure you never wanted in the first place .
i mean , if jennifer is so hell bent at keeping you safe , why did she let you put up alone in the first place ?
the occultists presence simply opens a portal for him to visit this place .
though , aakir seems to have guessed about jermaines family , as father was not discreet while announcing the land of flames to be the place where jermaines family was exiled to .
fuming , i wondered how the hell she fell for him in the first place as i climbed into bed , realising jean leslie was in there as well .
he looked over at me and called out , we all have our gifts and our place in the community , judachew .
she had no place inside me any longer .
the priestesses in the temple disdained the wet and the wind and visited the palace 's hearth room as though it were a place of holy delight .
it was nt an odd situation for meela ; shed often felt alone or out of place in her birth village ever since shed returned upon her mothers death a year ago .
personally , nodwick thought his master was a bit of an arrogant twit but that sort of thing was nt really a henchmans place to point out .
like the document yodren had been struggling to decipher the entire afternoon , and which still refused to yield the least bit of meaning , its evanescent words forming new phrases every moment , ornate phrases speaking incoherently of a place that stood between life and death being at once everywhere and nowhere .
and running after the pretty butterfly through tufts of weeds and wildflowers , yonfi soon found himself in a place entirely familiar , even though mama and papa did nt want him playing there anymore : the wild - grown garden of master gaddel .
and like them , it may have many interpretations , which vary according to the thinker ; to the dweller of a populous castle , for instance , nowhere may be a tenebrous woods , where nothing stirs but beasts of prey , while to a fish nowhere is a place devoid of water and its sustenance .
what was this forgotten sphere whose existence even wixelor ignored until now , and how was one to ever find it find nowhere as an actual place when its very notion meant no place at all ?
what was this forgotten sphere whose existence even wixelor ignored until now , and how was one to ever find it find nowhere as an actual place when its very notion meant no place at all ?
raddia , shaken by the fact that yonfi had heard her even though she had nt been addressing him , fell silent ; then , its not my place to tell you , she said .
some went as far as to say that the isles were the original abode of the spirits , and thus a place of great enchantment ; but so little was actually known about them , that they next appeared in post - disaster myths , which claimed that the rising of the seventh moon had first caused them to sink , along with their dwellers , then to rise again , lifeless and barren , and ever after to surface and submerge in a pattern no one could ever decipher though never all three at once .
and each day he would go to the burrow , which he would fill in and adorn with a bush of blue roses ( favoured by mother and daughter alike , and much better than any grim tombstone ) and talk to them , relating yodren and yonfis great adventures in worlds beyond this one , worlds which might even include a place where the dead lived again , happy and serene , listening and awaiting .
iabi remembers his father crawling about , blindly as a babe ripped from the womb before its time until he somehow sensed him and drew near , and covered his convulsing little body with his own , as if this were enough to keep him safe , and then in a voice he did nt so much hear as feel through the strength of his embrace , he told him not to fear , and that soon they would all awaken in the wondrous nema koth , the place of bliss and magic where nanna had gone to , yet far from being soothed this sent iabi in an even wilder state of dread and misery , for he d been told of nema koth when he was little , grief - stricken by the death of his cherished grandmother , but over the years it had become a tale of empty cheer and false assurance , a tale he himself had passed on to his three younger sisters to console them when their pet mouse had been devoured by a neighbours cat , do nt cry , he d said , he s happy now , playing with other mice at nema koth ! , and to hear his father speak the same untruthful words of comfort was an even greater devastation , for deep down he believed that nanna was nowhere , she had lived and then died , forever , and he did nt want to surrender his own young life to nonexistence .
he did nt know how he knew it even back in ienar lin , he d never known for sure ; maybe it was her unusual clothes , or the elaborate way her flaxen hair was fashioned , or the lush red - cushioned seat on which she reclined , but somehow he could tell she belonged to the distant future , yet not the future of some other , equally distant world , but of a different place in erat rin .
they were all there , separate but together , on that cursed and yet glorious place called earth .
something clicked in her brain , a piece fell into place , and for the first time in her life , she had an epiphany .
his turn was over , and there was no longer a place for him on earth .
in the same way , once he hath hastened away from this mortal place into the kingdom of god , then he will be born in the spirit ; then the eye of his perception will open , the ear of his soul will hearken , and all the truths of which he was ignorant before will be made plain and clear .
this was something ifferon had grown accustomed to , and yet it always jarred him , like a familiar object in an unfamiliar place .
should , perhaps ... no , it is not my place to make judgements like that .
so it was that the art of resurrection , which should have remained in its place of memory and legend , was brought back into action .
for is that not the rightful place of a prince ?
we do not need a hut of bricks to know our place in the world , but it seems to me that the king needs a stern reminder to know his own .
for one , its not my place .
ghosts had their place in stories , but she could nt believe they were real .
his past had no place here .
then what is this place ?
i pried you loose from nonexistence , a place between worlds worse than any other .
when more finally did fall into place , it came on a whim eight years later .
it was a struggle to survive an alcoholic and abusive father , but reading was my escape to a happier place .
eternity 's a big place , so much to take in all at once .
surely it was avantis place to judge ?
your place in the banqueting hall of the dead is assured .
that is , anyone who knew better ... no , its just ... not the place for her , you see ?
but these brothers did not live on earth , they lived in a place called mystic .
that is why they need you to show the pacts their place is not above or below us , but equal .
i asked , regaining my place in the conversation .
sometimes people are banished there , but you would have to do something insanely horrible to earn yourself a place there .
this was his place now .
from the basket and stacking them on couch where , as soon as she left , they would be given a place of honor in the room and labeled art .
to the head elf it seemed as if they were absorbing the feel of the atmosphere , doing as he and the other guardians would do to find anything out of place around them .
nord told one about he and amon walking to the mouth of truths , a holy place of knowledge for the center of what was left of human civilization .
` ` i welcome my place on that list , my friend ! ''
the young half dragon had known his place in the world , what was expected of him .
without physical skills , without prowess or talent , but with an unfortunately grand place in the citys political arena .
alacaethe , the souls rest , is the true place for us , but we are ripped from it and thrown into alacaemire , the souls reside , as a kind of punishment for our sins .
have you read anything that covers the place in between life and death ?
no place for clumsiness in my workshop .
he looked up to an idol taking pride of place .
it is not your place to harm others .
according to meline , the true place for human souls , when worthy .
he said their true home was unsafe to live in and so they had fled to this place they called asculum .
crystabella has tried to have us believe that he tortures himself with guilt , bringing his own self to a place of absolute remorse .
what it means is this we have accomplished our journeys first paces , to a place in which , will , uncover thy truth .
we need to focus on having tatiana return to her rightful place .
she will open up to what holds her in that place .
the only place she felt of any worth within her broken thoughts , within her minds painful confusion .
julian was more than her peaceful place ; he was her grounding .
over the years , mankind then came to a place of belief and understanding that faeries were not of cruel and misguided , but of beauty and enchantment , just as she had hoped .
she could not remember leaving the place of her room .
i understand that it was not my place to just waltz on in .
corozon had hoped that maybe shed come to a peace within , and was ready to rejoin them , in her place of rightful passage .
a place none ever spoke of .
a place most only knew of in fables that were better left in the dark .
in turn , she tried to nurture his pure thought into a place of absolute serenity within the shadings of energy itself .
they had me come to a place of absolute gratitude , being thankful for the magnitude of time that we d had together , instead of bitter and cold for the time we did not .
you , who has brought me to a place of betterment , to an awareness of peace .
i m still not quite sure what took me to the beach in the first place .
still in amazement to all her surroundings , tatiana led corozon to the place she had called her home .
speaking no further words , joseph was then taken to a place of enchanting beauty unlike anything he d ever seen upon earth .
you grant , that , your place as queen .
this is a place beyond anything you have ever seen here on earth .
there came a time when her dear friend had decided it was time to leave and return to earth , to her place of true home .
let our mind dissolve into such vast place that we seek no self .
you have no place here .
truly , lady insect has a hard place in this world !
because of all these things i saw and did when i was a child , i grew to understand the place of the insects and birds and animals in the world .
but it was not until i was six years in this world that i understood the place of our people in the eyes of the gods and the goddesses .
he did not want to abandon the place of his ancestors .
though what i was seeing was fearful i could not leave that place ; the pain in her eyes held me there .
at last i understood ah - puch 's true place in the creation , it is only the strength of father sun and mother moon together that keep him from destroying all things .
there are many spirits there , spirits of death and disease , but they have no place yet in the world .
you are good enough to be his whore , that will be your place in things .
he is finding that he does not have a place without her , his life is as hollow as first mountain .
the other animal lords have given up and returned to their places , the other gods and goddesses have given up and returned to their own places .
the place of the storyteller is an esteemed one , but strange .
but father sun could not hear those words , in ah - puch 's place .
that became their place in this world .
my place for that day was to sit and be quiet , to absorb the heat of the fire and to bear some of the weight of the story as it rested on my strong work - father .
atlatlas words about my place in this world returned to me many times .
now they will understand the place we are giving them in this world . ''
only when father sun showed his face did they go back to their places in the mountains .
my own training required great attention , i was telling many stories in the circle , maybe it was just more comfortable in my own place of strength than in the place of my father and my brother .
though my mother listened to everything , she only bore a face of suffering and looked down at the great empty place between these men .
many people said it was an exceptional celebration , and for these comments i was proud of my lineage and my place in howler monkey clan .
` ` it is not my place to fight spirits , '' said he .
the tales of the twins are childrens stories now , they are no longer sacred , and new stories have taken their place in the story circle .
when he spoke he looked into the eyes of people , from one to the next ; unmarried women were seen , even children , all howler monkey people were given their places , in his vision .
their place is the first tier , where they stand above everyone except the high priests , and the ahau .
` ` we are the keepers of the tree , '' are the words of the scribes , for it is their place to remember the names of all the branches and flowers , even those which have fallen and were lost .
ah - k'awil will give the mirrors to lost spirits , so they will remember themselves and find their proper place .
my place was between them , and though they were warm , there was no comfort .
when father sun was high the priest took his place before everyone and said : yesterday the jaguar came , and now atlatla of cab coh lineage is dead .
vines and roots grew over the steps and the tiers , in this broken place the magic of my ancestors could not keep the jungle from pulling apart the stones .
in truth just looking into the hole made my heart small , there was nothing in me that wanted to seek that place .
it was his place i was stepping into as much as my own , this stalk of cab coh lineage had to bear ears for two .
all these years i had lived with kaakik i had hidden behind masks , the village was a distant place outside the storytellers hut .
that night i slept in the tomb with my brother , i lay in that reeking place with the spear and the priests things , and though it was cold , there was comfort from atlatlas presence in that place .
the hour cometh when the dragon shall slay the people of the dead king which doth deny us our rightful place .
maybe it was because sorcery was the very thing that had him there in the first place .
sycress feared if she were to leave nesal her son might be lost forever to the darkness ; for how would he know where to reach the secret place of geheim on his own ?
do you have any clue why sarah left in the first place ?
normally i would have been done with everything within the first three hours but my mind was all over the place so it took me a good five hours to finish everything .
it was nt much , but at least it was one place in this world that was mine .
this place exists outside of the supernatural .
what is my place here ?
drink in hand ; i started to go back to my desk , when an unusual sound , quite out of place in the study caught my ear .
there s no place for me anymore .
today will be the day where everything either falls into place or falls apart .
your place is very suiting of you , he compliments me .
i have a place and a purpose .
the boy nodded , still not comprehending the bizarre physics of this place outside of time and space as he once knew them , and he asked , and what is it the librarian does ?
and they dwell there still , or perhaps their heirs if they have grown weary of the timeless years , ever waiting to aide those who come to that place of all wisdom in search of what can be found nowhere else .
the pathetic creature drew disdainful looks from the few villagers yet abroad , thinking such a scoundrel had no place in their prim little hamlet .
crystal looked out the window with eyes that saw something beyond sight , i will not be returning to my former place .
justice has a place , but only after careful thought and contemplation , and it must never be carried out in hatred or anger .
still , stenn knew that he was lost in a dark and truly alien place .
honestly , this seems even more out of place than the rest of the outrageous stuff in here .
he saw the in eym on his shore as she doubted even her own place in life and her destiny .
what place do i have at your side and on your adventures when i could be anywhere else in the world ?
its not exactly my place to tell you , although i m surprised he has nt had that conversation with you yethow old are you anyway ?
we all know about that she - demon corrupting him in the first place ... '' michael , gabriel , and i stood there silent .
it will come steadily , and take it 's time , but i assure you , with each blast of the trumpet it will come ... the reborn soraphim have a special place in this darkness - ridden world , and you must prepare them for it . ''
i think of them more as realm fragments ; places that were once part of the proper realms but were torn off or otherwise damaged or the remains of proper realms .
` ` maryann is actually wearing clothes that might not look out of place , '' she said , ` ` but the rest of us do n't fit in at all . ''
had we realized there were any humans here with the power to see us and learn our motives , we would have reached out in the first place . ''
he felt that a womans place was in the home , taking care of family .
i am not sure how long we made love , but i was uplifted to a wondrous place of absolute , sensuous perfection , and when he at last climaxed , i climaxed with him , but it was completely different from anything i had shared with my husband .
one who was strong enough to fight the fallenbut not covet a place in heavenbecause they belonged to this earth .
only humans and angels are made by the hand and breath of god , and their reward is a place in heaven .
my place on earth .
there was no place in this world for iseo and his kind ... there was no place anywhere for that dream .
there was no place in this world for iseo and his kind ... there was no place anywhere for that dream .
the familiar comfort between them crept reluctantly back into place .
and there was no joy in the knowledge that they would always be torn asunder by their place in the order of the world .
celestino forced his eyes closed , willing sleep to take him to a different place , a place where missing iseo did not exist .
and a thin thread inside him latched on to the opportunity to share this empty place .
it was not my place .
during the past hour or so , the family had been involved in quite animated a discussion , which in its course had captured the attention of many of the fellow passengers , most of whom were now standing in the aisle near their compartment , with their ears keenly riveted unto each and every word of the chatter taking place between the members of the sharma family .
vikrams first instinct was to rush on to the tracks and save that child , but the poisonous tonic of fear poured in to his veins and froze him in his place .
if only i knew this business of results would follow me even after my death , i would have never died in the first place , ankit started with a little joke , hoping to ease arjun in to the conversation , especially since they were talking for the very first time .
the ceaseless yearning she now saw in his eyes towards this woman , she wondered if she would ever be able to find a similar place in his heart for herself , or may be after tonight , there will be no place left in his heart at all for her .
the ceaseless yearning she now saw in his eyes towards this woman , she wondered if she would ever be able to find a similar place in his heart for herself , or may be after tonight , there will be no place left in his heart at all for her .
i have to think of my place in the afterlife after all , ' he laughed .
and it was then that i found myself in another worlda place that had been there all along , yet one i only began to perceive when i allowed myself to see it .
i snarled at dimitri , placing the blame squarely on his shoulders for luring me to this place where vampyres were real and blood was sustenance and sanity was a word without meaning .
it was another realitya place where trees grew out of the floor and time was a forest painted on the walls and the sun was always setting on the ceiling .
helen accepts the new situation the mysterious place she s in , nudity and rejuvenation with incurious fatalism as shed accepted everything after the tragedy that had befallen her as a two - week bride forty years before .
seymour is surprised to learn that love exists here ( but why should nt it , he thinks bitterly , if this is , as he believes more and more , a place of torture ) .
the shadowy figure has disappeared , if it had really been there in the first place .
it is time for your kind to take its place in the world , and restore it to its ancient luster .
i will take up my place among the stars . '
but the list of the elf lords and their marriages must await its proper place ; it would be both tedious and unnecessary to recount all their names and histories here .
fate has led us to this place , but fate can not force my hand . '
they have no need for a physical form and seem to exist in a realm beyond our understanding , the kind of place mankind speculates about as an afterlife .
the inscribed quickly agreed that smoking was to take place outdoors when the child was around , though the reason completely escaped gudriks understanding .
gudrik could see the concern in kahns face , but it was not gudriks place to counsel him .. he felt kahn was a much wiser soul than he .
the out of place object which had sparked his curiosity was actually the lifeless body of a grey .
he seemed out of place in his fine tailored suit down in the dusty , bare cavern .
the warlocks were a product of the old pagan gods and had no place in the new world of my fathers one almighty lord .
i simply had to liberate it from its resting place , a service which i provided without hesitation .
you have no place trying to steer it in your own weaselly grab for power .
deeper again and odd and unusual creatures wandered over the newly created realms seeking their place in their new life .
and , since i do not bear the responsibility for that decision , it would not be my place to second guess you on it .
perhaps the sight of her dying will teach you your place in the world .
no factor remains unaccounted for the shadows , the roofs surface , the weather , the cacophonous city sounds rising around them , the struggles each overcame to reach this place at this time .
daygun and kaydence bow while closing their eyes , submitting to the audience and god , as the priest asks the crowd , can anyone think of any reason for this marriage to not take place ?
many changes take place in the atlantean military to compensate for the losses that have occurred .
the perfect world she came from - the world where , nonetheless , she was one of the few who had suffered - was a place where she could not conceive of the sorrowful and twisted nature that every human being has - no being in the universe is as broken as a human - except for afazel and his followers , of course , who are broken irrevocably , for all anyone knows , although even that is a secret in the heart of the alpha of alphas .
hiding here on the ocean floor , in the krakens own domain - i realised it was a folly of zelf to try this - but gradually as minutes and hours passed in that deep , dark place a tiny hope began to burn in our hearts , a small , weak candle flame .
alex quietly smiled as she let this new found family feeling find a welcome place in her heart .
but if you ' ve got those things in place first , parenthood will be more of a joy , just as god intended , despite the natural challenges of it all , '' amelia shared wisely .
the world of spirits that well go to is more of an environment of learning , working , and waiting and for those who are righteous its also a place of resting from care and sorrow .
unless they never really had an opportunity to learn of christ in life and learn the gospel so they could freely choose to accept it or not , then hell is an especially horrible place .
this causes the spirit of the devil to enter into them and these particularly wicked souls go to a place of darkness away from the heavenly light of peace and rest .
( see atonement and degrees of heaven ) hell in the world of spirits it is a place separated from the righteous .
hell is a prison for those who died in their sins a place for those who rejected god 's prophets or died without learning the saving truths of god and christ .
the wicked will find the experience of hell to be a place of torment where they will know what it is like to be the victims of those whom they have harmed because of their choice in life to show no remorse for their victims and thus choose to be unrepentant during life .
since he was nt a warrior jenner had no idea how malik would ve faired against juruz and he was quite certain an altercation would ve taken place if juruz had been there .
it was under the pretext that they had to earn their place back into society , punishment for abandoning the city .
aneeku was his name and a voice inside his mind had brought him to this place .
rhaldan said , something about the mans bearing finally finding a place in his memory .
at the time he was simply doing what was necessary to keep his kingdom alive , but in focusing on that necessity he had forgotten a lot of why his troops had respected him in the first place .
forgive me , captain i do not mean to speak out of place juruz patiently waited for him to finish .
there is no place for pride here edo volis , he added , remembering his name .
his senses were all over the place , he could nt comprehend what was happening to him until he struck a wall .
there was little place for grand strategy for him it was more about surviving each second .
the world , that once felt like it was his to take , now felt like a very cold and isolated place .
he taught chris to calm his mind and take it to another place ; peaceful , serene and enclosed by impenetrable mental barriers that were impervious to random thoughts .
every time he visualised this place it became more real , easier to step into , more inviting to stay and meditate in .
but suddenly something clicks into place .
but it 's hardly my place to share those misgivings with the general .
you may have ... a measure of power , but unless you can learn to fight properly , you will have no place in the royal army .
she has no place in this army .
for all other feelings have no place swelling in the heart of a soldier .
i ' m drawn towards the scroll , and want to walk over and find out what 's on it , but i know my place .
i can see from the look of the man 's leg , it 's broken in several places .
not only is it not my place to talk , i do n't want to draw castor 's ire again .
it 's not my place to interrupt , though .
women have a place .
whilst they have a place at home and a necessary position in society as mothers , they have no place on the battlefield .
whilst they have a place at home and a necessary position in society as mothers , they have no place on the battlefield .
because the place she wants me to fit into does n't make any sense .
ask the knight , now so far out of his depth that scuba gear would n't have looked out of place .
they come from a place beyond the borders of this plane of existence , said kassim .
finally , everything had its place in the hut !
laws and traditions have their place , but some are only there to keep powerful people in power .
bernie seemed entirely out of place in this landlocked kingdom .
she stared at him seriously , the world is a big place and our village has trouble with raiders and thieves even when were not warring against iroquois poachers .
your place is pursuing your own lifes ambitions , alvito declared without regret .
its not your place to come here like this under arms .
before fastillion could decide what to do with them , his stepfather opened the door to reveal just what had caused raining - sunshine to come scampering into the room in the first place .
we are both looking for a place , and our society does nt seem to have one for us .
she needs a position , but i know there are nt many places for women in the business .
dorthan eyed her wondering why she felt it her place to speak for him .
a blind woman had no place hunting the fell beast especially when more able bodied men had just gone to their own slaughter for the quest .
her voice seemed out of place .
if she was dead , which was likely , it would be more a disrespect to disturb her in her final place of rest than to pull her from the dregs and burry her away from where her soul left her body .
it is no place for you .
lucent had always seemed out of place in the dreamscape lyght could never track down any family members or friends he had , or figure out where he was from .
the concept was burned into his memory , holding pride of place in his memories of the seaside village where he had spent the last ten years of his life growing up .
i have nt been there either , as you know , but i ca nt help but think that its the place to be for dreamcasters .
the way i see it , he glanced over at lyght , and the way lyght sees it too , is that these ordinary people are the ones who make it possible for us to become extraordinary in the first place .
after all , the whole mission had been her idea in the first place .
lyght could nt help it , his jaw dropped as he looked at the king of the dreamscape , everything finally clicking into place .
in addition to that , lyght had always understood the dark to be a part of the natural world , even if he d always felt that the pulsing black mass seemed somehow unnatural and out of place .
she did nt think demons would send more people to snatch her now that the most recent pair had met with such a horrific end , but she had nt thought it likely that they would try to snatch her in the first place ; obviously , the way these people operated was alien to her .
its not my place to tell you about that ; address your questions to sam .
or is that also not your place ?
cassie swallowed as she felt as she felt the pieces of the dr . cordley puzzle fall into place ; he was nt saying it , but it was obvious he wanted a witch to cure someone who was sick .
it was not his place to order her around ; but the girl certainly had spirit .
its not our place to decide who will live and who will die , to put ourselves in the place of the gods .
the wolf packs members are filled with zest and all do have their place .
ave i earned me place in your company , carthinal ?
not if her mother is going to find her and send her to that ... that place !
it seemed that because of her status as a cleric , asphodel was being given a place of honour , and her companions were included .
no night or day dared visit that place , always gray , always dreary , always faded , always weary .
she paced the rotted floor boards , her velvet slippers long stripped of their nap , long frayed and fallen away so that her bare feet , all dry and gray , echoed the melancholy of the place ; that place behind the crumbling wall .
she haunted in the stead of his place .
so it was that he truly began to flourish , having found his place and his purpose , or so he thought , for there was nothing he could not do and those that said otherwise were only deceiving themselves .
adan studied his companion silently for some moments , trying to gage his reaction of the revelation he was about to make , hoping it would not destroy their friendship , said he , i find no incongruity in their words or beliefs , rather i do not see how such a wondrous world could arise without someone to give it form and function , nor can i see how such concepts as love , joy , beauty , and purpose have any place in a world that is the result of accident or happenstance .
was he ever to be just a pupil with no place among either the students or the apprentices ?
he was , for a time , in the very presence of the master , in a place outside of time and space , away from the sin , doubt , pain , sorrow , and fear with which mortality is fraught .
baye shook his head , he would not have let them flee in the first place had they possessed any information he might have found useful .
all that awaits you is death , and then the abyss , for there can be but one place for murderers and failures !
he looked up hopefully , i will have a place and a purpose at last .
the dragon blinked in wonder , glancing about in pure joy , but never did he know the face of the man who first gave him the chance to look upon the world , but ever after did he hold a special place for mankind in his heart , ever watchful of his kinfolk , interceding on the behalf of men when he could .
jace found himself in a place of pure light , he knew it at once as a bubble of ephemeral reality created by the master solely for a certain purpose and then it would evaporate like dew in the morning .
as to your missing boys , they made their own choices and it is not my place to tell the tale , but i did have my part in their disappearance .
it is in this strange place that you are born , live , and die .
he overthrew death , bore the curse each of us should have borne ourselves , and was restored to his proper place beside his father .
how am i to know my place in it ?
he , too , was going cold and soon there was no place for pain .
the place outside the great all .
after the end of the pleasant dream they call life , mortals delude themselves that they end up in a place similar to the world of their happy hours , if they behaved correctly , or in a place full of fire , pain and pitchforks if they found pleasure in the suffering of others .
after the end of the pleasant dream they call life , mortals delude themselves that they end up in a place similar to the world of their happy hours , if they behaved correctly , or in a place full of fire , pain and pitchforks if they found pleasure in the suffering of others .
it had somehow survived the hardships placed against it and still managed to keep its place in the world .
and that just had no place in my perfect world .
this was the day i took my place in the world .
although his hair and his blood are of the tribe , he no longer had a place among them .
he shrugged his shoulders feeling out of place .
i do nt understand why clarissa kissed me in the first place .
you do not have any rightful place when it comes to the pebble .
there are still some pieces of the puzzle that do nt fit into place .
for it was hum - hum grasped as a receiving place , a magical place where both sol and m - o - o - o - n embraced , became one ... so steadying and making secure the big heart of the kin .
for it was hum - hum grasped as a receiving place , a magical place where both sol and m - o - o - o - n embraced , became one ... so steadying and making secure the big heart of the kin .
there was no place in his back then world for judging that this world right before himthe dirt , the birds , his own hands , kin and genwere not part of him .
it was shame more than anything which sucked franks essence from his plottable place in newtons world of being .
not cut - off , but a place within .
he felt like he was transported to some other place , a spirit world .
marwan fell backwards against the soft grasses as he was taken to a place deep in trance .
i must find the downward spiral of stairs to this lost place in order to fully feel the height that my soulmy beingcan climb upwards .
but , no one can ever take your place in my heart , because you re my one and only momma - c i stated and we embraced again .
no one mentioned what realm mr . gray hails from , but it must be a place that has spiritually gifted people .
i ve told your mother that your place is at home and not in this gorger - infested university .
but , you , of all people , never have to question which place you hold in my heart .
although we have all been , only recently acquainted , i have always held them in a special place in my heart for giving me such fine mothers .
i mean whatever happened between you and laila , it was not my place to judge you .
she said , ` ` but just in case you 're going to be difficult about this whole sister in law situation , should i remind you why you hate me so much in the first place ? ''
the coconut seemed oddly out of place here , in winter in the pacific northwest .
you have no official place at the dais , he rumbled , your presence hinders the voting process and you are overall a distraction .
it is of no consequence , said jonath , his gaze locked to mine , speaking to the ruler and audience as one , a reconsideration of the vote will take place , but the outcome will not change .
shed offered to take his place in the black depths , even as he , agmenon , forbid her .
they ve no place among man .
she writes of the nine passages , which all souls will make , and which hold the keys to the universe , to the place beyond .
in these private moments , when she was nt obsessing over her un - usual pregnancy , or arguing with her mates , or otherwise devising a plan to end her enemies , the world could be such a peculiar and fascinating place .
sin had its place , if only to remind them all of goodness .
they re taking away from us everything we used to be and they re leaving us without a place in this world .
he was replacing reggie , alf , mixer and astrid from their privileged places in his life was that fair to them especially reggie and alf , who d have no way to live on , but in gregorys memories ?
that s when things started falling into place .
* * * the white bungalow , across the street , stood oddly out of place in the neighborhood .
that house is so out of place , '' cassie stated to her best friend eryn , who was sitting shotgun .
her head hit the pillow , and sleep mercifully took her to a place where she did n't have to face the pain .
cassie left the truck , dreading the conversation that was about to take place , but she needed to face it .
but the sight of so many happy children was the one thing that could convince her that at last , she had found herself in a place of safety .
the bunker with all the original granite tablets is said to have been found , during the longuloor aristocracy , by agents of the duke of arpistria , who secretly removed them to a place in his own domain .
and with happiness and love , this place you have filled , and for that very grateful i am , more than i can say !
a man who worships a woman in this way is actually less likely , i think , to seek to inner - kiss with her , even though he finds her attractive ; he feels that it would be out of place , since he is a mere mortal , but she is in some measure divine .
soon after you reach that point , you stop resenting people in the first place ; why bother ?
again and again she was born , discovered her place in the world , found love and community , gave birth , worked and played , and thereby made a life - story , unique and irreplaceable .
and just as each woman had her place in the world , her reason for being , so she had a place in the still greater pattern that calcadro was briefly able to glimpse .
and just as each woman had her place in the world , her reason for being , so she had a place in the still greater pattern that calcadro was briefly able to glimpse .
* * * * * * * * * * once you find your place in the world , you will never leave it .
but typically , if we send an agent back to check on a situation after five years , only a very little deterioration has taken place .
i can also save some time by telling you that brother koof has left his previous residence , and has gone to a place completely unknown to me .
soon they merged , and lost all sense of time , place , or individuality .
still , my grief was so great that i tried to kill myself , and i was taken to a place of healing .
and if that s going to happen , then maybe i should be thinking about my place in it now , rather than being in this group , which will surely be thought of as enemies by pappi or his successor .
have them come from a dark place into a light place .
the other side , especially councilor steran and simmons , place trust in you that you will be able to solve this problem .
during her ordeal , the clues had been sliding into place .
each of us choose a place in my broken dominion and take it in the name of the new kingdom .
farewell , nerys , said hornefred from his chair , i do hope you find a place for yourself in these last days .
because you hold a place for the living .
a ghost would be the spirit of something that was once alive assuming they exist in the first place .
the thing which generates you would be your names , maybe it is your processes on - going in your own name when you sleep ; maybe it is your genealogical datum updating or the documents accumulating in behalf of you ; and data transfers of your student information accounts and even your place of grammar in sentences being made properly by some minds .
the light of a street lamp brightens very small place in her cell .
i pulled away as everything came into place .
a place between worlds and finally , the people who want you to succeed are unknown to me , sadly .
know your place , this is our domain .
mikes place ... why my place ?
she stared unblinking at the higher realms , never before truly believing that such a place could exist .
there is a place in my heart for all women .
the pain of kitto 's bite had been lost somewhere in the middle of sex with someone else , lost when my body had gone forward into that place where pleasure and pain are blurred .
he looked oddly out of place in his short - shorts , tank top , and child - size nikes .
` ` everything has its purpose and its place . ''
there was no place for pettiness in the midst of such ... life .
i believed my own words in the front of my head , but the back of the mind is a cluttered , dark place that has nothing to do with logic and everything to do with fear .
always before it had dizzied me to stare into frost 's eyes when they filled with that other place .
i am content to have a place in your life , merry .
he had a place in my life .
` ` my place is at your feet , merry .
i need to find a place in her life , too .
so we stood in taranis 's own place of power , safe .
i realized that my arm was not injured in this place of dream and vision .
` ` not to suggest that you are , '' tachyon hastened to add , realizing that takisian tactlessness might not be in place at a political convention .
this can only be because he has a place for you in his plan .
jack had returned to his place in the california delegation .
the male looked wildly out of place amongst the metal and muscle .
you would deny your place in the endless blue .
you , too , have a place in the endless blue ... for the moment . '
what place did she have in this slaughter ?
' well , to understand women , you must first understand their place in the world .
denaos took his place around the roaring orange .
each time he turned back to dreadaeleon , something new looked out of place on the wizard .
creatures from a place far beyond the understanding of mankind and his sky and earth . '
he has no place in heaven for his followers .
the earth there was a place of deeper death than even the ruinous battlefield of the beach could match .
all he could see was the lies and hate that had driven him to the deep in the first place .
' it 's not your place to know . '
' it is my place to ask , ' denaos retorted .
' i ' m sure you could find your place in it , if you wished . '
to admit a lack of purpose is to admit that they possess no place in this world .
sheraptus ' befuddled dismay was just as out of place and somehow even more disturbing as he canted his head to the side .
you have a place in it only as long as i will it . '
yldus offered an approving smile ; the first , as the sole females proven to be able to overcome their lust for blood enough to follow orders , held a special place in his heart .
` ` it has no place amongst matters of justice . ''
he felt the clench of his jaw as he strove to keep back a word that had no place down here .
the voice was gone , the chill that came with it was gone , but their absence left a place dark and cold inside him .
on us , they built a place for themselves .
she was driven back into that dark place the gods made for her .
wherever he was , it was neither heaven nor hell nor earth , but some place between them all .
dreadaeleon itched at his scalp , his mind suddenly seeming a very empty , constrictive place .
` ` i really do n't think it 's my place to tell him that , sir .
` ` in other countries , over the years , people recognized the places of power .
he felt empty and cleansed , in that place that was not a place .
he felt empty and cleansed , in that place that was not a place .
` ` so where is this other place ? ''
i realized i was thinking crazy , and i also realized we had no place here .
lying on my back , watching the stars until my lids grow heavy and close , i think about his words and try to imagine a world where druids and magic have no place .
and i realise , just before i fall asleep , that in such a world i would have no place either .
i 'd been thinking about him trailing us by day , moving among us at night , when an image clicked into place .
perhaps , if i survive , i can return and seek a place here in my true home - even if it 's only so that they can chain me up with others of my kind if my body starts to change .
those who practise it have no place here .
sen 's straight black hair hung down his back in a queue and somewhere along his family lines he 'd picked up slanted blue eyes that seemed out of place in his square face .
only thing out of place in his orderly appearance .
pieces of the puzzle started flying at her , demanding to be put into place .
' the folk - tale is a good servant ' , chambers says , and does not perhaps realize the importance of the admission , made to save the face of homer and virgil ; for he continues : ' but a bad master : it has been allowed in beowulf to usurp the place of honour , and to drive into episodes and digressions the things which should be the main stuff of a well - conducted epic .
we have the great pagan on the threshold of the change of the world ; and the great ( if lesser ) christian just over the threshold of the great change in his time and place : the backward view : multa putans sortemque animo miseratus iniquam .
but there is practically no clear reference to heaven as its opposite , to heaven , that is , as a place or state of reward , of eternal bliss in the presence of god .
9 it has also been favoured by the rise of ' english schools ' , in whose syllabuses beowulf has inevitably some place , and the consequent production of compendious literary histories .
we may meet again ; the world is not after all so very large a place . ''
` ` it is not our place to say such things , '' laurence said .
` ` you 'll give away our place ; it is like hide - and - seek , we must be quiet . ''
meanwhile , despite having traveled and lived all over the world , i felt out of place in what was for everyone else an ordinary setting .
i should ' ve focused on why she was sick in the first place .
everywhere he went , in everything he did , he tried to leave a place better than when he found it .
if you had n't already won an honor name in the house of the valiant , your service over the last few years would merit a place in the house of the faithful . ''
` ` sentimentality should have no place in an analysis of the environment .
not after valentine got it away from them in the first place . ''
` ` every teenager in the world feels like that , feels broken or out of place , different somehow , royalty mistakenly born into a family of peasants .
` ` but it was an angel who created shadowhunters in the first place , '' clary said .
` ` which of you is the master of this place ? ''
she wondered if he was racking his brain trying to figure out why he 'd let her drag them both here in the first place .
nor is it our place to assist those who have willingly separated themselves from the clave .
` ` sadly it 's not my place to question that decision .
i wanted to start over , and chance had no place in my new life .
` ` that 's why i let you walk away in the first place . ''
i have n't sensed anything out of place since then , but that does n't mean i ' m clear .
i was n't ready to sleep with him , or move in with him , but i remembered why i 'd been with him in the first place , before everything went wrong .
` ` it is not my place to explain your choices , binder . ''
in the new regime , i would permit him a place at my feet .
the man who sang off - key in the shower , loved panama hats and bowling shirts had no place in this world .
she knew that quantity mattered less than quality and that nobody could ever take albert solomon 's place in her heart - and that was why she stared wistfully out from the front porch .
i must prove that the once and future queen had ascended and that they could dislodge me from my rightful place when sheol froze over .
i cleaned out the bloody athame and things from the demon world that had no place in this one .
if i let myself be dramatic , i 'd call this limbo , a place where unmoored souls drifted in mournful silence .
` ` this place is ... between , '' booke explained .
` ` whether you want to find the preservation spell , before i unlock this place . ''
only the honking of an eighteen - wheeler reminded me why we 'd stopped in the first place .
it 's about your place in this world .
again , there was nothing out of place , no sounds ... ... frowning , he walked past the bed and through the closed door across the way .
well , now he felt like a fool , but then again , even though all was fair in love and war , there was no place for a man 's pride in that mix , was there .
i do have business with governor macarthur ; of course this notion of independence is all nonsense and can not be allowed to stand , but that is not - while certainly your assistance would be convenient if- '' he paused , collecting himself , while laurence steeled himself against the hope which demanded its long - abandoned place , and which he ought to have known better than to indulge : if hammond had brought a mission which any honorable officer of the corps might be asked to undertake , such an officer would have been asked .
through the course of this summit , you have heard testimony from freed slaves , men and women alike , of atrocities that have no place in any society living under the rule of law . ''
which , she realized with a sudden surge of fear , had been the point of shooting at her in the first place .
something that had been bothering him since his break - in at the palace suddenly clicked into place .
brennan turned ackroyd around and shoved him onto a plush chrome - and - leather sofa that looked wildly out of place in ackroyd 's shabby apartment .
his scarlet coat , hung with gold braid and piping like tinsel on a christmas tree , looked out of place at a funeral .
there is a place between life and death where souls that carry the blood of the reapers can roam freely .
` ` but honestly when i ' m not here i live in a place that the human mind could n't even begin to comprehend ... a lot of angels choose to . ''
` ` and i ca n't leave you because this place wo n't exist without me ; it exists only in my head .
following a trail of thread to safety , theseus wound his way out of the labyrinth to take his place among the legendary heroes of that time , alongside the likes of heracles , jason and achilles .
how are you supposed to find a place for yourself in a world this convoluted and uncaring ?
it all looks strange and out of place to me , but meera likes the various effects .
` ` just as it 's no concern of ours why you offered him sanctuary in the first place . ''
i croak , more of the memories clicking into place , understanding coming slowly but certainly .
i hated it there , but i did n't feel out of place .
to feel out of place in the world .
her sleek dark pageboy framed a heart - shaped face that would n't have looked out of place in a silent movie .
just a body and a genetic code and a place in history , standing where they need somebody to stand , for the greater good . ''
one round in the sack with sage and my mind was all over the place .
` ` this tourist is a thing that is out of place .
when you die you go to a cold , damp , misty freezing place .
' what dis place ? '
' what dis place ?
he was in a place of magic .
' we were reckoning ' , said the cat , with the occasional nervous glance towards squeak , ' that maybe we ought to give in and see if , see if , see if- ' ' he 's trying to say there might be a place for us in moving pictures , ' said squeak .
' we know our place . '
' sausage is all right in its place , and its place ai n't in bed .
' i ' m sure it 's not my place to mind what anyone chooses to do , ' said granny .
when it begins and ends is more problematical , but at least one of its beginnings took place above the snowline , thousands of miles away in the mountains around the hub .
and craftsmen , and bull breeders , and torturers , and vestigial virgins ... no matter what your skills , there was a place for you in the citadel .
a place for everyone .
i wish to see omnia take its place among its fellow nations . ''
` ` its place is at the bottom , '' said borvorius .
it was n't just a place of iron , it was a place where iron died and was reborn .
the garderobe was this : a sort of small roofed - in room inside the wall , with a wooden seat positioned over a large square hole that went down all the way to the foot of the castle wall far below , where there was an opening from which biodegradability took place once a week by means of an organodynamic process known as shawn ogg and his wheelbarrow .
there 's no place in ankh - morpork for policemen !
carrot had time to get an impression of a cavernous place full of complicated shadows .
nobby was getting stroppy about anyone else being promoted to corporal , so there was a certain amount of career congestion taking place .
it all takes place automatically , like gravity .
they seemed out of place in a city with guilds and everything .
i said you must remember ... for us , time is only a place .
satchelmouth had been made aware that he had a soul and , though it had a few holes in it and was a little ragged around the edges , he cherished the hope that some day the god reg would find him a place in a celestial combo .
on veldt and plain , in cloud jungle and silent red desert , in swamp and reed marsh , in fact in any place where something goes ' plop ' off a floating log as you approach , variations on the following take place at a crucial early point in the development of the tribal mythology ... ' you see dat ? '
anyway , it was argued ( by the reader in woolly thinking [ 4 ] ) that lectures had taken place in essence , so that was all right , too .
a similar session , although without singing and with rather older participants , was taking place in unseen university , although one member of the college council had refused to come down from the chandelier .
but lord hong had a place in his heart for any leader who would sell his own men .
rincewind had faced many horrors in his time , but none held quite the same place in the lexicon of dread as those few seconds after someone said , ' turn over your papers now . '
it rose , passing quickly through the mysterious pitch at fourteen cycles per second where the human spirit begins to feel distinctly uncomfortable about the universe and the place in it of the bowels .
where is this place ? '
17 credulous : having views about the world , the universe and humanity 's place in it that are shared only by very unsophisticated people and the most intelligent and advanced mathematicians and physicists .
they were n't against the outdoors , it was simply their place in it they objected to .
the last piece clicked into place and the knowledge bloomed inside her .
i did think it might have a place in the mining industries , though . '
' sir samuel , you are no longer commander of the watch and you have no place at these proceedings , ' said rust sharply .
' as such , you have no place here ! '
we ' ve got no place here .
there appears to be no place for them .
at last he 'd found his proper place in the world .
she seemed , in short , slightly out of place .
he pointed to a little hooded grey shape , which looked out of place among the festival of wild extremities .
the big fantasy was that the world was the place where the toast did n't care if it came butter side down or not , where logic was sensible , and where things could be made not to have happened .
but i thought i 'd start off with the legend of how mazeda stole fire for mankind in the first place . ''
there 's no place for the media on the field of battle , i ' ve always said , '' ` ` aye , and i mind you makin ' a rude sign to the ladies ! ''
to stay alert , to think for himself , to keep a place in his head free from the quirkes and knocks of the world , and not to hesitate about fighting dirty today if that was what it took to fight again tomorrow .
they hung around the watch house even when off duty , because that 's where their lives took place .
the look of mild panic took up its familiar place on simon 's face .
strictly speaking , they had no place in the doll 's house , but wentworth was n't old enough for them , and so they 'd got used as innocent bystanders back in those days when tiffany had made tea parties for her dolls .
it was invading her place .
' what is this place if it 's not truly her ain place ?
' what is this place if it 's not truly her ain place ?
as she grows weaker , this place will fade away . '
it had been a horrible day , and a dreadful night , but what was looming and queuing up for its place on miss level 's tongue was , somehow , going to be worse than either .
but , as mistress weatherwax had said , this was true haggling and there was no place in it for feegles .
whatever the original purpose of the room , though , it was now the place where two people lived ; two people who got along but , nevertheless , had a clear sense of mine and thine .
and yet actual illegality , it would appear , has not taken place .
my place , mr groat , is here . '
it 's not my place to say so , sir , but gods do n't send you money ! '
` ` i really do n't see how avatarization could be taking place , not when we 're talking about elementals , it makes no- '' miss tick began .
` ` then he says what is he supposed to do with them now and i says it 's not my place to tell him and that will be two pennies please and he puts down a gold coin so i curtsy because , well , you never know .
in fact , as the boy stumbles while they walk along the silent corridors and steps through a marble pillar without noticing , it 's obvious that the world is becoming a pretty insubstantial place from his point of view .
your place ? '
he felt out of place , as though he was wearing new clothes that itched .
he sidled into the room with extreme caution and took his place among the council of wizards .
said nijel , who was beginning to realise that the world of the barbarian hero was n't the clean , simple place he had imagined in the days when the most exciting thing he had ever done was stack parsnips .
i 'll give it my best shot , but this could be one big mistake- ' the astro - philosophers of krull once succeeded in proving conclusively that all places are one place and that the distance between them is an illusion , and this news was an embarrassment to all thinking philosophers because it did not explain , among other things , signposts .
after years of wrangling the whole thing was then turned over to ly tin wheedle , arguably the disc 's greatest philosopher [ 22 ] , who after some thought proclaimed that although it was indeed true that all places were one place , that place was very large .
a male oak tree - he 'd have to look this up - a male oak tree just shed its pollen on the breeze and all the business with the acorns , unless it was oak apples , no , he was pretty sure it was acorns , took place somewhere else ... ' yes , my precious , ' he said .
somewhere a lonely curlew howled , or possibly it was a badger - hwel was a little hazy about rural matters , at least those that took place higher than about the limestone layer .
and he had entered , yea , and taken possession thereof , that it should ever be the dwelling place of his seed .
' now , let us consider the place of war in the ideal republic , ' he said .
that 's on the assumption that the entire lifespan takes place over one day which is , i believe i have already pointed out , ridiculous .
but in every gang there is a pale youth who 's allowed to stay because he 's the one who comes up with all the clever ideas , usually to do with old women and unlocked shops ; this was wonse 's natural place in the order of things .
pride of place was given to an illuminated tavern sign whose removal , the grand master thought , should have merited some sort of civic aware .
where 's the place in there for me ? ''
he was pierced , and looked out of place in the line , but then so did we .
i ' ve felt you needing to have a place where the decisions are made for you , and choice is not yours , some place where you can let go and stop being the princess . ''
i had one of those moments when things fall into place .
no matter what happened , both dragon and man would forever share a place in her heart .
wanted to take his rightful place by her side .
` ` be that as it may , everything is falling into place just as i planned . ''
the pair began to laugh and immediately stopped , realizing how out of place it sounded and felt .
not when he had a warm place for her in his bed and his heart .
has led me to a place where i can be who i am without fear or worry .
not when it comes to this and no matter the protection you think is in place in garbhan isle .
they knew their place .
although they 'd al known she had a special place in her heart for ragnar .
she had his face , his strength , and his skil s. from the beginning he knew her place was behind a forge of her own , not fighting wars to prove something to her mother .
i mean other than you holding a grudge against something a nineteen - year - old human girl did with your nearly hundred - year - old cousin that pissed off another nearly hundred - year - old cousin because he did n't have the bal s to go after what he wanted in the first place . ''
aidan looked around the table , remembered why he 'd never fit in with the regular army in the first place .
channon could n't breathe as her body and mind joined his in a place she 'd never known existed .
it defied everything i knew of this world , this could n't exist ... but at the same time , i could n't deny what was taking place within me .
the black three piece suit should have seemed out of place on such a young man , but somehow it felt right on him - as if he 'd been born in the suit , lived in it , and would die in it ( that is ... if he was n't an immortal ) .
there were several separate and succinct reactions that took place around the final announced couple .
her presence seemed out of place in this muscled line - up john had assembled , but i was certain he 'd brought her along for a reason .
i heard the excruciating wail , and sure as i was of it coming from william , and as desperately as i wanted to turn to face and comfort him - despite the hell coursing through me - something much stronger , and with inescapable hold , would n't allow my focus to take place anywhere else but what was currently scorching every fiber of my body .
chapter twenty - five our place in the universe a couple hours and a few miles later , i broke through a wall of trees into a large clearing , glowing from the moon rays saturating every blade of grass and tree bough that encroached into the misshapen oval clearing .
i asked , turning it over , searching for a title or a copyright or an author name ... or something that would give it a place in history .
` ` you already know about the importance immortals place on balance , avoiding the tipping point at all costs .
and second , because it was his place to tel you , not mine .
there s a time and place for that and the time is after your union and the place is in your bedroom .
his c*ck throbbed against the slightly starchy sheet below them , angrily demanding a place in her soft , wet well .
for the past hour , she 'd been staring at the ceiling , contemplating the future , the youngling growing inside her , and her place in the doomsday brethren .
perhaps some quarrel had taken place to give rise to such a question , and laurence hoped that perhaps warren would elaborate .
it would not be my place to treat them extensively , even if i had the time .
fear followed as she realized that with every moment , he grew closer and closer to finding a permanent place in her heart .
nothing out of place , either .
` ` the creator did not say , and it is not my place to inquire . ''
going through their so - short lives , not knowing for certain when the people they loved would be taken from them ... or whether there was in fact a place for anyone on the other side .
it 's about your place in this world ... .
contrary to what most theologians believed , the mark of the beast was n't something to be feared as the start of the apocalypse ; it was a caste system that had been in place for centuries .
he looked so out of place in the priest 's collar that it almost had the look of a costume .
the dark place inside him responded similarly ; it had even absorbed power from the infernals loitering around olivet place .
the gothic creature had been out of place on the modern exterior of the church .
everything had its place and could be neatly compartmentalized .
` ` it was not your place to risk her so foolishly . ''
but it was not his place to decide which infernals were worthy of saving and which were destined to burn in hell .
still , whenever her mother visited , eve found herself fighting for her place as alpha female in her own house .
` ` it is not your place to demand jehovah prove himself to you , '' sabrael said in a terrible voice .
this might be bullshit in the end but it 's my bullshit and it makes me think there might be a place for me in this crazy world . ''
he wanted to appear nonchalant , but i could tell he was probably kicking himself inside for not suggesting it in the first place .
everything had fallen into place , except the whole job thing .
i was n't quite in the place to smile about it yet but it all seemed very frivolous when compared to a real - life dangerous situation .
i ' m surprised you went out with her in the first place .
it is a place of transition , the world where souls first step into before they travel above or below or to the other places i have not seen yet .
they come from the underworld , a place of blood and sorrow .
here , in brooklyn , i never found my place .
it had been a few weeks since i 'd seen her last and it seemed we both were in a darker place then .
he was a good looking guy for what it 's worth , one of those italian types with black curls the ladies seemed to go gaga over and really hairy arms , like his testosterone needed a place to go .
oddly enough , i did n't find it was my place to say .
i did n't know if it was my place to tell him that either , not now when his heart was a mess and rose was an invalid .
and i know it 's not my place anymore to tell you otherwise .
' it was a place in the shambles , ' he said .
they had no place in a steamboatman 's world , and marsh had never quite known how to deal with them .
you know what you are , you understand your place , your nature .
yet you are strong , and you have a gross courage , and you know your place .
my place was with my people .
you took away our place . ''
and i took his place in the juris macto . ''
` ` then you see why i must question my place here , '' tavi said quietly .
there is still a place for you here .
it killed me that he ever had to be there in the first place .
her eyes snapped into place above him , and she hissed , tightening her legs on the back of her horse .
if we exchange vows , it could bind the new djinn the way that jonathan 's vow bound the djinn in the first place .
but i could n't stay in that place , even though it was so tempting to just give up and let shock take over .
` ` you have no place here , '' david said .
` ` poetic justice , i suppose , your djinn pouring poison down her throat the way i did it to you in the first place .
that was the place i inhabited when i looked down at the bones in the earth , and that was the place manfred was exploring now .
that was the place i inhabited when i looked down at the bones in the earth , and that was the place manfred was exploring now .
maybe he was embarrassed at giving money to someone like you in the first place . ''
eight gleason and sons mortuary was a place of heavy carpeting and dark corners .
cameron and i had been , at least ; i did n't know what kind of faith education had taken place in the lang household .
i 'd just been trying to tell myself i could live in as nice a place as the morgensterns and not feel strange and out of place .
for a few aching seconds i wanted to go back to that place where jonathan had taken me , the place on the edge of nothing .
for a few aching seconds i wanted to go back to that place where jonathan had taken me , the place on the edge of nothing .
i have to remind myself that he 's still not used to the woods , that it 's the scary , forbidden place beyond the fences of district 12 .
and when we ride up to the twelfth floor , the faces of all the tributes who will never return flash across my mind and there 's a heavy , tight place in my chest .
we barely scraped by , but i knew where i fit in , i knew what my place was in the tightly interwoven fabric that was our life .
like our home , this is a place that he has no right , but ultimately every right , to occupy .
the woods have always been our place of safety , our place beyond the reach of the capitol , where we 're free to say what we feel , be who we are .
it 's a place i ' ve never really wanted to share with anyone , though , a place that belonged only to my father and me .
his friendly manner has no place here .
his features register disbelief and something more intense that i ca n't quite place .
and even if it were possible to go to this imaginary place , i am too weak to move .
this place had not been made by human beings , nor was it meant for them .
` ` we have begun with making piss , '' it said , ` ` and we have returned to this place in the cycle .
he tried to imagine himself in that place .
a powerful eddy threw him in a direction he could not name , back to the dim , hellish place from which he had struggled to escape .
their function has entered a place of nietudoi .
the bar created a still place in the waters .
` ` like why i killed the european in the first place , '' he said .
and so , when we die , we wish for a place where they are not .
the god king 's lair here , chosen by siris from among those offered , was a hidden place he claimed that even the worker would n't know about .
` ` the world is a broken , ruined place , '' uriel said .
it is my place .
the world is a broken , ruined place ... whispers from another time .
he only knew it was some dark , sweet - smelling place , and that the world above and on all sides of him had been split open with brilliant seams of light .
i see- '' ` ` yeah , those guys are all over the place now , '' mcgovern said , giving the wino ( who had found two empty budweiser cans and tucked them into his bag ) a cursory glance before turning to ralph again .
` ` i do n't know why you 'd want to hurt me in the first place . ''
what he had discovered then was a submerged geography eerily similar to the one he had known as a child , a place largely ignored by the hurry - to - work , hurry - to - play world which thumped and hustled all around it .
but what you call the afterlife has no place in the four constants - life an death , the random and the purpose - which concern us now .
when he set his cup back in its saucer again , it was halfempty and there was a very warm place in his midsection , as if he had swallowed a live ember .
except for his own lost place in the purpose .
they left strawford park that way , returning to the short - time level as they came out on harris avenue , slipping back down to their normal place in the scheme of things with no fuss or botherwithout , in fact , even being aware they were doing it until it was done .
i do n't know why i wanted to paint on such a muggy day in the first place . ''
i spread my senses out , seeking something out of place .
you would have found some way , some justification for taking that drastic step , just like you got me to go after this in the first place . ''
it seemed so out of place after what we 'd been through these last few days .
` ` it 's not your place to allow me to do anything ! ''
you need to be reminded of your place . ''
fortunato 's black tie and long coat were a little out of place in the jokertown station house .
in any case , they now had so great a dislike for that hollow place about the stone that no thought of remaining there was in their minds .
it did not at first show him what kind of a place he was in , for the light seemed to be coming out of himself , and from the floor beside him , and had not yet reached the roof or wall .
though he had a suitable chair , and was raised upon several cushions , he felt very small , and rather out of place ; but that feeling quickly passed .
and on a time evil things came forth , and they took minas ithil and abode in it , and they made it into a place of dread ; and it is called minas morgul , the tower of sorcery .
but these things it is the part of gandalf to make clear ; and i call upon him last , for it is the place of honour , and in all this matter he has been the chief . '
' but that will leave no place for us ! '
we must not be daunted by fangorn , since need drove him into that dark place . '
beneath the mountain 's arm within the wizard 's vale through years uncounted had stood that ancient place that men called isengard .
he knew now where his place was and had been : at his master 's side , though what he could do there was not clear .
it was his place .
it was a massive piece of furniture , strangely out of place on the deck of a ship .
so much had happened since they had set off that morning that jenna had forgotten why they went in the first place .
' well , no , sir , you would n't , a gentleman of class like yourself , but it has its place , sir , it has its place .
a moustache that could come off at a tug had no place in his life .
' there are , some like to suggest , an infinite number of universes in order to allow everything that may happen a place to happen in .
something was wrong , out of place ... dangerous .
they were there to make you feel out of place .
i could not prove by abstract reasoning that there must be such a place .
in the second place , as st paul points out , christ never meant that we were to remain children in intelligence : on the contrary .
in the second place , many people are deterred from seriously attempting christian chastity because they think ( before trying ) that it is impossible .
( i ) in the first place the situation in the actual world is much more complicated than that .
vin thought , a piece of the conversation falling into place .
not quite skaa , but denitely not noblemen , the terrismen held a very strange place in imperial society .
it 's not my place to object now . ''
besides , it will give him something to do ; he 's growing a bit touchy about his place in the crew . ''
` ` then you know that a small house without allies has no place in the central dominance right now , '' elend said .
the places of the keepers must remain secret , even from you . ''
my place is not to seek popularity or love ; my place is to ensure mankind 's survival .
my place is not to seek popularity or love ; my place is to ensure mankind 's survival .
they had no place in this world of collapsing governments and nightly assassinations .
` ` i almost forgot why i came looking for you in the first place .
my place is here , sazed thought .
uncertain of his place in the world , but forced into important events .
` ` you have no place for guilt .
what is my place ?
there was a place for me , in the lore of the anticipation - i thought myself the announcer , the prophet foretold to discover the hero of ages .
confident because she accepted her place as a mistborn .
he looked terribly out of place in the room , wearing his fine three - piece suit .
it had to be something completely removed from normal experience , for the mundane world was not a place of hope .
she did n't like her place in the church of the survivor , and having elend join it meant that he - technically - accepted her part in the mythology .
there was a place for me in the lore of the anticipation , the text read .
` ` it was never my place to tell you what to do .
is it love to assume for elend that he has no place with you ?
her walkings had brought her here , to a place she had n't visited since that night when she 'd slain the only god she 'd ever known .
it 's time for me to stop hesitating , sazed - time to stop worrying , time to accept my place in this crew .
` ` and what is your place in this , tindwyl ? ''
there is no place for you here . ''
` ` there is no place for you either , sazed . ''
she had accepted her place as a knife .
there was a place for me in the lore of the anticipation , he read .
there was a place for me in the lore of the anticipation - i thought myself the holy first witness , the prophet foretold to discover the hero of ages .
this was the place where rashek had ascended to godhood .
when ruin controlled him , however , the falling ash was a thing of beauty , the red sun a marvelous triumph , the world a place of sweetness in its death .
` ` it is not your place to make accusations , third ! ''
` ` i have no place anymore , it seems , '' tensoon said .
even she was n't sure what her place was in the army .
the skaa may work , they may be beaten , they may be enslaved , but they know their place .
it was as if he rode through some mythical world , a place of muffled shadows and distant noises .
suddenly , her real role in it all seemed to snap into place .
` ` not until you 're certain of my place in your theology .
` ` it is not my place to lecture , my lord .
that was kinda why i was in the roughs in the first place , but that 's another story .
sholto opened his mouth , closed it , then said , ` ` it is not a gentleman 's place to answer such questions in front of a lady . ''
we knelt in a place of legend , with the possibility of bringing his people to a rebirth of their powers .
anywhere that the three trees grew together was a magical place - a place both of protection and of a weakening in the reality between worlds .
anywhere that the three trees grew together was a magical place - a place both of protection and of a weakening in the reality between worlds .
the better question was how he was able to follow her in the first place .
not to mention the mayhem that was about to take place once the soul latched its tentacles into a very alive body and got settled .
the closest intimate contact she had recently took place in a bar 's laundry room .
nothing seemed out of place , but there was no telling how long he had been in there uninterrupted .
who knows if that was the reason they fell in the first place .
that it was n't their place . ''
zombro 's voice grated on my self - control , something i never had a really good handle on in the first place .
` ` we just know our place , miss cross .
but i felt this misunderstood new student filled in so many places that had been empty in my heart .
i stood on the shore of balki the pool , which is the place of most awe in all worlds .
for him malacandra is only a place in the heavens ; it is in the heavens that he and the others live .
creatures of your kind must drop out of heaven into a world ; for us the worlds are places in heaven .
when you felt like that , then the very air seemed too crowded to breathe ; a complete fullness seemed to be excluding you from a place which , nevertheless , you were unable to leave .
he remembered that what was above him might be a cliff which even in daylight and properly clothed he would never dare to attempt : but hope whispered that it might equally well be only seven feet high and that a few minutes of coolness might bring him into those gently winding passages up into the heart of the mountain which had , by now , won such a firm place in his imagination .
not some of him in one place and some in another , but m each place the whole maleldil , even in the smallness beyond thought .
she could worry later how to classify ice 's place in her heart .
if he had to sweat and strain all night , he would earn her pleasure and a place in her heart .
yes , he 'd managed to hurtle her into pleasure more than once , and he could only pray that meant he held a deeper place in her heart than lucan .
` ` your place is a veritable fortress , ice , '' bram commended .
he was making ice prove his worth , earn a prominent place in magickind before allowing her to mate with him .
` ` these days , '' varg growled , ` ` the word means one who trains groups of young soldiers and prepares them for their place in the order of battle .
my place is at home , protecting my people . ''
fighting a campaign of the scale of this one would be would be taxing even on a young man - and it was the kind of fight the old first lord was not suited to in the first place .
they know they 're there , they know they 're there for a purpose , they 'd probably agree that they have a place in a well - organised universe , but they would n't see the point of believing , of going around saying , ` ` o great table , without whom we are as naught '' .
deaths did n't normally take place in tombs , except in rare and unfortunate cases .
at that moment she would not have traded her place in the scheme of things for anyone 's .
in any case it would be the first place in her whole life that was hers and hers alone .
an almost unbelievable transmutation had taken place : his ass had turned to gold , at least around here .
i 'd also bring you a swift kick in the ass for doing such a dumbass thing in the first place .
the important question was so horrifying practical - sensible did n't dare ask it , even from her place inside rosie 's head .
the blind was down ; but outside the moon rose up out of the sea , and laid the silver path across the waters that is the way to places at the edge of the world and beyond , for those that can walk on it .
extraordinary things took place there afterwards : all the flowers went mad , and the vegetables were monstrous , and the fishes that ate them were turned into sea - worms , sea - cats , sea - cows , sea - lions , sea - tigers , sea - devils , porpoises , dugongs , cephalopods , manatees , and calamities , or merely poisoned ; and phantasms , visions , bewilderments , illusions , and hallucinations sprouted so thick that nobody had any peace in the palace at all , and they were obliged to move .
but now , sitting in her darkened living room , not just any man would fill up the empty place inside her .
sabelles explanation made all the pieces click into place .
they were typically masculine sounds , and would n't have been out of place in most bars on a saturday night .
the chalice sat in the middle of the tiled kitchen table , looking terribly out of place in the stark white modern kitchen .
it has been so long since the great relics have been among us that many have forgotten how we acquired them in the first place . ''
his golden power raced with my magic , my body , my pleasure , so that his glow ran before mine , coaxed mine to shine bright and brighter , until the room was full of shadows from the shining of us , full of shadows that had no place in this room , as if our lights showed us hints of what lay around us , and it had nothing to do with this room , this bed , these bodies .
you perceive that something threatens your place in my affections , you pout .
` ` she 's not addicted to us , no , but her reaction tells me that she does n't want to lose her special place among us .
you could n't steal from them the very thing that had made them willing to come to faerie in the first place .
he had no place in the world .
i might have doubted his memories , but he spoke with certainty , and he had managed to lead us to this obscure place .
an uneasy feeling built up within me , and everything clicked into place .
i floated in a warm , liquid place .
` ` i do n't think it 's our place to interfere with aeson 's affairs , nor do i feel this is worth risking my king 's life over . ''
` ` i guess everything really is clicking into place for you lately . ` `
i wandered off to bed , still trying to put the pieces into place .
neither angel nor demon responded , and another piece clicked into place for me .
like some exotic creature , hopelessly out of place in the bookstore 's dreary landscape .
it was clear that roman 's thoughts were running off to a place i was n't at or able to follow .
tiny kayla had a special place in my heart .
they were all identities i 'd assumed , people i 'd become when hell had transferred me to new places over the centuries .
my thoughts were still moving sluggishly , but something clicked into place .
` ` look , i ' m no expert on reincarnation , but from what i know , even though the soul and some parts of the character are constant , there 's still , like ... evolving taking place .
` ` the sluagh have no place so fair inside their faerie mound , '' mistral said , his voice thick with certainty and sarcasm .
i would give up my place in heaven to save any one of them , but i ca n't .
earthbound angels had come in swiftly to set up his place in the world .
who 'd chased away the nightmares - even though he 'd been the reason for them in the first place .
his determined growl resounded with passion and filled an empty place in her heart .
` ` give me a real place in the sociological department and i 'll .
jane felt her heart leap and quiver ; it was as if the words spoke themselves through him from some strong place at a distance - or as if they were not words at all but present operations of god , the planets , and the pendragon .
the training in objectivity which took place in the latter can not be described ; the details would be unprintable and had , indeed , a ` ` kind of nursery fatuity about them which is best ignored .
they felt themselves taking their places in the ordered rhythm of the universe , side by side with punctual seasons and patterned atoms and the obeying seraphim .
when mr . bultitude came to his senses he had found himself in a dark place full of unfamiliar smells .
ladies in some noble and spacious room , discoursing in cool ladyhood together , with exquisite gravity or silver laughter - how should they not be glad when the intruder had gone ? -the loud - voiced or tongue - tied creature , all boots and hands , whose true place was in the stable .
but while the entire mythological conception was set out in this text , the tale of turin has very evidently pride of place c and indeed the title in the manuscript is ' sketch of the mythology with especial reference to the ` ` children of hurin '' ' , in keeping with his purpose in writing it .
' i will appoint you a place among my knights of the sword , for the sword will ever be your weapon , ' said thingol .
turin did not understand these words , and did but guess that gwindor begrudged him his place in the heart and counsels of the king .
i deem that your place is with your people .
but though he called , she did not heed , or did not hear , and soon once more she passed on ahead ; and so they drew near to the woods beside cabed - en - aras and the place of the agony of glaurung .
and so he began to limp back to nen girith , avoiding the place of the dragon with a shudder ; and as he climbed the steep path again he came on a man that peered through the trees , and seeing him drew back .
it was uninviting and creepy once you were past the ivy - tangle that marked the end of the egyptian walk and the black doors in the mock - egyptian walls that led to people 's final resting places .
before bod could speak , the sleer 's voice spoke , echoing through the chamber , this is the place of the treasure .
bod could see it on his face : a strange , delighted smile that seemed out of place on that face , a smile of discovery and of understanding .
i knew my place in the world.i had been a keeper for centuries.what i was supposed to do was obvious .
watching her rush across the room made me feel as though i had fallen into a rabbit hole of insanity , because i literally felt as though i 'd never left this ancient place .
therefore , the lighthouse was as much a beautiful temple to poseidon as it was a functional piece of safety equipment.eerily haunting at night , it earned its place on the list of seven ancient wonders.even julius caesar , who was well - accustomed to the archeological magnificence of rome , commented on its beauty when he first arrived on the shores of egypt .
` ` we will summon tehran to my quarters and we will lure him to our side.we will promise him an exalted place in my court , a place that will be cemented in history , in exchange for his defection . ''
` ` we will summon tehran to my quarters and we will lure him to our side.we will promise him an exalted place in my court , a place that will be cemented in history , in exchange for his defection . ''
and once again , cleopatra 's determination and cunning showed through her beautiful exterior facade , leaving me impressed.she was willing to do anything to save egypt 's rightful place in history , even though she knew she herself was doomed.lying to a house servant would be nothing in comparison to that.we would just have to be convincing .
the betrayal of beren to thingol by daeron ( the silmarillion p. 166 ) therefore has no place in the old story -- there is nothing to betray ; and indeed it is not shown in the tale that dairon knew anything whatsoever of beren before tinuviel led him into the cave , beyond having once seen his face in the moonlight .
on the other hand it would be wrong to regard it as a simple matter of replacement ( thu stepping into the narrative place vacated by tevildo ) without any element of transformation of what was previously there .
this place however was known to the noldo flindirig who fared with turin ; indeed he was once of that people long since , before the orcs captured him and he was held in thraldom .
on a time therefore long afterward came turambar with great travail into hisilome , and found at length the place of the abode of his mother , even the one whence he had been sundered as a child , but behold , it was roofless and the tilth about it ran wild .
at those words did the hearts of all who stood there break for sorrow and for dread , yet did none dare to go to the place of the anguish of that fair lady , for a sad spirit abideth there yet and none sets foot upon its sward ; but a great remorse pierced the hearts of those three cravens , and creeping from the throng they went to seek their lord 's body , and behold they found him stirring and alive , for when the dragon died the swoon had left him , and he slept a deep sleep of weariness , yet now was he awakening and was in pain .
yet it is said that all these dread happenings urin saw by the magic of melko , and was continually tempted by that ainu to yield to his will , and he would not ; but when the doom of his folk was utterly fulfilled then did melko think to use urin in another and more subtle way , and he released him from that high and bitter place where he had sat through many years in torment of heart .
in the first place , there is a very difficult manuscript contained in two school exercise - books , where the title of the tale is tuor and the exiles of condolin ( which bringeth in the great tale of earendel ) .
yet these years are filled by melko in the utmost ferment of labour , and all the thrall - folk of the noldoli must dig unceasingly for metals while melko sitteth and deviseth fires and calleth flames and smokes to come from the lower heats , nor doth he suffer any of the noldoli to stray ever a foot from their places of bondage .
deepest he set them at flank and at rear , for he purposed falling back southward fighting as best he might with the rearguard as he went ; and thus if it might so be to win down the road of pomps to the place of the gods ere any great force be sent to circumvent him .
by her stood voronwe and none other , but idril saw not even tuor , for her gaze was set back upon the place of the king that now lay somewhat below them .
so was it that the sack of the halls of turgon and that most valiant stand of the royal house held the mind of the foe , so that tuor got thence with his company , and stood now in tears upon the place of the gods .
there were idril and tuor we d before the folk in that place of the gods , gar ainion , nigh the king 's palace ; and that was a day of mirth to the city of gondolin , but of ( andc . )
tuor b is bracketed from ' now comes tuor at their head to the place of wedding ' on p. 186 to this point , and an inserted slip relating to this bracketing reads : how tuor and his folk came upon idril wandering distraught in the place of the gods .
only in its place in the narrative structure is there resemblance between ulmo 's visitation of tuor in the land of willows in a summer twilight and his tremendous epiphany out of the rising storm on the coast at vinyamar .
beside him rode mablung the heavyhand in the place of honour by reason of his deeds at that great hunt aforetime -- but huan of the dogs was ahead of the hunters , and men thought that great dog bore him strangely , but mayhap there was something in the wind that day liked not .
an isolated note states : { 2 ) noldorin escapes from the defeat of the land of willows and takes his harp and goes seeking in the iron mountains for valwe and the gnomes until he finds their place of imprisonment .
151 ) that the cavern in which melko met ungweliant was the place where the sun and moon were imprisoned afterwards , for ' the primeval spirit moru ' was indeed ungweliant ( see i .
383 -- 4 ) , in which he said : this leads to the matter of ' external history ' : the actual way in which i came to light on or choose certain sequences of sound to use as names , before they were given a place inside the story .
' very empty thereafter were the places of men for aelfwine and his mariners , and of their seed have been many restless and wistful folk since they were dead ... ' moreover my father seems clearly to have been going to say the same in aelfwine ii , but stopped , struck out what he had written , and introduced the sentence in which aelfwine leapt into the sea .
the farm occupied a place in the family consciousness that jaswant and sukhvinder had sometimes discussed .
he saw the boy , chocolate - stained , ill - kempt and unappealing , and walked past , with his happiness in tatters , half wishing that he could have gone to kay 's house and been silently cradled ... she had always been nicest to him when he was miserable , it was what had attracted him to her in the first place . )
` ` caution has its place , branna , but as you ' ve said yourself , we do n't know how much time we have . ''
while she appreciated the compliment , iona continued to follow the dots , into a very uneasy place .
she wanted it for hers , this place of age and contrast and endurance .
the place of our blood .
` ` ultimately , he put his desires in front of everyone else 's , but there was a reason i was with him in the first place . ''
` ` so she can have my place in the circle , because we 're the same bloodline . ''
but we will not climb with him , because it was a climb of shame , leaving his rightful place as king at the bottom and marching , shoulders back and head erect , toward his place as prisoner of the kingdom at the top - it would not be kind to follow him or any man on such a walk .
and of course it was n't , but that sort of thinking got him no place .
flagg knew he would have no place in a kingdom ruled by peter .
in the last few days , ben had gone a long way toward filling the empty place in dennis 's heart .
` ` he has tonight earned an eminent place in the roll of the benefactors of our town ; and he is worthy of many imperishable songs .
in this debate they have no place .
the dog had hushed its barking ( if it had ever been there in the first place ) , and roland became aware of that low , creaking sound again .
` ` our place , '' she said simply .
` ` ye ' ve made one who was only impudent and restless with her place outright rebellious .
well , her mother was the same way , and died of it not long after returning jenna to her proper place .
instead , he drifted back to that dark place which was n't quite sleep .
he could still hear the singing of the bugs , but faintly ; they were leaving the place of the sisters behind .
` ` he knows his place , and it is not with us . ''
` ` you have no place here .
ser kyle would not be the first hedge knight to trade his honor for a warm place by the fire .
he said there was no place at bitterbridge for knights as feeble as i had shown myself to be . ''
the dwelling of the valar upon almaren was utterly destroyed , and they had no abiding place upon the face of the earth .
but iluvatar spoke again and said : ' even as i gave being to the thoughts of the ainur at the beginning of the world , so now i have taken up thy desire and given to it a place therein ; but in no other way will i amend thy handiwork , and as thou hast made it , so shall it be .
for they say that aule the maker , whom they call mahal , cares for them , and gathers them to mandos in halls set apart ; and that he declared to their fathers of old that iluvatar will hallow them and give them a place among the children in the end .
some say that they too go to the halls of mandos ; but their place of waiting there is not that of the elves , and mandos under iluvatar alone save manwe knows whither they go after the time of recollection in those silent halls beside the outer sea .
therefore he opened his heart to thingol , telling him of his dreams ; and thingol spoke to him of the deep gorge of the river narog , and the caves under the high faroth in its steep western shore , and when he departed he gave him guides to lead him to that place of which few yet knew .
of nargothrond he knew indeed the name , but neither its place nor its strength ; and of gondolin he knew nothing , and the thought of turgon troubled him the more .
but luthien came to the halls of mandos , where are the appointed places of the eldalie , beyond the mansions of the west upon the confines of the world .
then turin was silent , and he looked long upon the dwarf ; and at last he said : ' you shall bring us to that place . '
and niniel sat and shuddered beside the falling water , and at the voice of glaurung her darkness crept upon her again , so that she could not stir from that place of her own will .
and in the days of earnil they made their first stroke , and they came by night out of mordor over the passes of the mountains of shadow , and took minas ithil for their abode ; and they made it a place of such dread that none dared to look upon it .
a few of the pieces clicked into place in cassie 's mind .
after the hunters killed suzan and scarlett inherited her place in the circle , it had felt like the worst thing in the world .
' animals , alas , have their place in a court of law .
mr prone put forth the opinion that the watch could not find their bottom with both hands , a turn of phrase that almost earned him a place at the kitchen table to finish his meal .
i understand reincarnation can take place anywhen .
i felt things shift into place .
had i really seen him lose his place in the world there in the cemetery ?
glancing at my attire , i tried to imagine how out of place i looked here .
control of the demons slipped into place , and they froze .
i pray that you may find some comfort in the sure knowledge that he died as he would have lived , valiant , fearing nothing but almighty god , and certain to find a place of honour among those who have sacrificed all for their nation .
` ` i can not see why sun kai would give me any advice at all in the first place , '' laurence said , after the envoy had left them again .
this valley was indeed a dreadful place ; full of the divine , sacred , no place for mortals .
he , too , wished to be restored , if not to rank or to society at least to a place where they might be useful ; and not to merely sit here on the far side of the world upon a barren rock , and complain unto heaven .
it was of a piece with the sensation temeraire recognized , of being removed from a place of conscious thought : but then , at present thought was not necessary , nor desirable ; and neither was anything like sensibility .
he concentrated hard for a second to establish his place in all of this chaos .
there was no place for gregor .
wizards always had a place in their hearts for cooks , because it was near their stomach .
he had no place in the world , but he was in it , and the world was becoming aware of him soon enough .
' you do n't talk to the gentlemen , nutt , it is not your place to take up their time with your chatter - ' ridcully writhed in sympathy with nutt , all the more so because smeems , as is the habit of such people , kept looking at the archchancellor as if seeking and , worse , expecting approval of this petty tyranny .
to glenda 's surprise and dismay , juliet still had a place on the front page , with the picture of her used smaller than yesterday , under the headline ' mystery lady vanishes ' , and a paragraph which simply said that no one had seen the mystery model , jewels , since her debut ( glenda had to look this one up ) two days ago .
it was so out of place it might have been an intrusion from another universe .
according to the editor of the times : we have been assured that no magic was used on the day of the match and it is not my place to contradict the honourable faculty of unseen university .
he still did n't know where asmodean had gone or why the weasel of a man had fled in the first place , but rand did suspect that he had betrayed much about rand 's plans and activities .
there was chaos to war and battle , true , but each and every aiel understood his place , and would act within that place .
there was chaos to war and battle , true , but each and every aiel understood his place , and would act within that place .
it is not your place to scout ; that is a task for others . ''
the pattern had no place for his onetime insistence that all aes sedai be kept at arm 's length .
his nature as a ta'veren and his place in history ?
well , if this sister were to prove her trustworthiness and her capability , perhaps the leaders of her ajah would realize the best place for her is as one of the caretakers of the secrets .
this place felt different from the dream world , and oddly familiar .
but would the tower have split in the first place if siuan had fostered cooperation between the ajahs ?
he had entered a place like the void that tarn had trained him to seek , so long ago .
your place is at your sister 's side . ''
it 's because once everything in andor was taken from me , i needed a new place for my loyalty .
there would never again be a place for her in the two rivers .
she 'd gotten over her habit of always using herbs when healing , but she still felt they had their place and usefulness .
she only cares about my place in her plans .
when that ghostly place had vanished , it had left behind a meadow with butterflies and flowers .
you deserved the place you hold .
what place was there for them in a world preparing for war ?
those who followed galad were unnerved by the place the world was becoming .
` ` once we have gateways again , i 'll send these people to their proper places .
this was the place between dreams and the waking world , a blackness pinpricked with thousands upon thousands of distinct lights , each more focused and intense than the stars of the skies .
` ` so long as they know that there is a place for obedience . ''
they looked oddly out of place in the stone 's courtyard , where everyone else had a purpose .
` ` i do n't envy the place you ' ve put yourself in .
it was merely a place where we found ourselves .
the place of lan 's heritage .
` ` i do n't know why you let her bond you in the first place , '' mat said .
within it , he could move freely , but he could not move to a place outside it by imagining himself elsewhere .
i can not answer your question , apprentice , for it is not my place to give this truth . ''
` ` that there is no place for romance in a leader 's life ? ''
she studied rhuidean , such a grand place of stone and majesty .
malidra had heard stories of a place beyond the distant mountains , where the land was green and food grew everywhere .
noal had reason to be astonished ; mat remembered looking out at that forest for the first time , realizing that the twisted doorway had not brought him to another place , but another world entirely .
` ` we 'll ... we 'll retrace our steps , find a way back to the place between the aelfinn and eelfinn .
what a world this was , and what a strange place he had in it .
he was coming into the wolf dream too strongly ; to try to control this place absolutely was like trying to contain a wolf in a box .
he felt a unity in returning here , to the place where he 'd first confronted the killer inside him .
it was not their place to debate if one was chosen .
they spent all their lives following him , hoping for a place in his new world , only to have the last battle come long after their deaths .
` ` i knew that if i created this place , you would join me in it .
` ` and of all of the forsaken '' , perrin said , ` ` you chose your place and accepted it most readily '' .
` ` please forgive my forwardness , but it is my place to advise on fashion , if you please .
aviendha did not carry a spear ; that was not her place .
this place is ours , and we claim it !
with the storm clouds above and the high walls of water , it was dim here at the bottom - though the strange light of the wolf dream pierced this place , if in a muted way .
he did n't live in this place ; he existed outside the pattern , inside his prison .
a place outside of time , outside of the pattern itself .
not completely a thought , more an image , a sense of place .
galad found himself in a very cold place .
it exploded into threads , and rand was once again in the place outside of time , the pattern rippling around him .
` ` it is not my place to question one of the blood , great one '' , karede said .
the beautiful woman was terribly out of place here in this mud and death .
he existed in this place that was not , this place outside of the pattern , this place where evil was born .
he existed in this place that was not , this place outside of the pattern , this place where evil was born .
he existed in this place that was not , this place outside of the pattern , this place where evil was born .
apparently , having once been the hornsounder gave him a special place among them .
but the engagement on the shienaran side of the mora was nothing compared to the struggle taking place on the other side of the river .
it 's not my place '' .
` ` not my place to tell you .
since the night that bad bob and i had fought , and i 'd started running , i had n't had a home or a place in the world , and i was tired .
you might want to think about the possibility that somebody might be looking to collect , and why they wanted it so bad in the first place . ''
her high - gloss finish had been power - stripped , along with her self - confidence about her place in the world .
` ` it 's not your place to make a call like that , '' meera says icily .
my place lies away from this island .
` ` i want to choose my place and manner of death .
give me wisdom , o lord , wisdom who sits right by your throne , and do n't refuse me a place with your servants . ''
for the first time it seemed to me that sleep was a place .
it was this veil that covered the entrance to the holy of holies : the place where the lord himself was present .
but even then , the author generally ends up arguing for the good points of a villain or for his or her place in history , or for some mitigating circumstance , that redeems the study itself .
that was a village superstition , that something pagan and dreadful had once taken place in that grove .
there was no such place in nazareth as this , and no such place for me in sepphoris , or magdala , or cana , or anyplace in which we worked or ever would work .
finally benches were dragged out of the synagogue and up the slope , and soon some fifteen hundred or so men and women were massed in the open area , torch begetting torch , as jason made his way up to the place of honor , along with his companions .
it was the place for cosmic reflections and decisions .
he was the one gesturing now with his paw for jim to take his place inside .
she no longer struggled to understand what was happening to him , no , and seemed to have found a place in her own orderly mind for the phenomenon she , d been obsessed with for so long .
` ` that was her place .
14 they were gathered at the dining room table , the place of meeting , the place for history , the place for decisions .
14 they were gathered at the dining room table , the place of meeting , the place for history , the place for decisions .
so it was stuart , white - faced , and plainly fearfully fascinated by the whole proceeding ; and sergei , the giant looking surprisingly interested ; felix , sad and anxious , eager for the meeting to take place ; margon , obviously short - tempered and displeased ; and reuben , still frayed from this morning 's visitation .
when he turned and looked again into felix 's eyes , he felt a deep calm , a trust that somehow the world was the good place he 'd always believed it to be .
` ` well , for the last time , '' said margon , ` ` let us say their names , and pray that they have gone to a place of rest and understanding . ''
something important ... my memory clicked into place .
this is king 's place ?
your place is beside our king .
` ` i will ensure there are other measures in place to stop them , '' he said calmly .
` ` my apologies for the rustic accommodations , '' he said , ` ` but cement has no place here . ''
my mind abruptly breaks away from this glimpse into paradise and slams full speed into a place i know all too well .
i did n't point out to her that my jaded past was part of the reason she 'd hired me in the first place .
he had n't made the suggestion from any sort of emotional place .
my sister was trapped in a place that should n't be real , yet somehow was , and adrian was my only ally because he could see the same crazy things that i did .
` ` is n't the world a wondrous place , my dark one ? ''
i was n't sure of the speed of how things would go with us , but she had a place in my life .
but then things fell into place .
` ` you have a place in new york too . ''
it 's an important place in allie and levi 's history . ''
then things started to fall into place .
the music seemed out of place at a college party .
i never should have said yes to him in the first place .
` ` it does hold a special place in my heart . ''
i was in a place of white light , dizzying and blinding .
you will live forever with that new road inside of you , stretching away to a place suggested , barely , on the horizon .
` ` they never wanted you in the first place . ''
` ` for why they do it in the first place . ''
as with most people in los angeles , the fact that prohibition had been in place for ten years seemed to not have registered on his horizon .
well , then , kathryn softened , how did your own place survive , mother ?
it is not my place to advise you on your choice of suitor , she said , but i think i can help you with your choice of gown .
the problem with this was that in order for the hypnosis to work was for the others to be in different rooms so that ones memories would not influence the others memories when place under hypnosis .
you re right , she retorted coolly , its not your place to say anything .
to francess mind , this vast , sprawling structure , which dominated the western bank of the derwent river , looked completely out of place with the rest of hobart .
as least he knows his place .
every day the girls had been led to believe that virginia was a most uncivilized place and not fit for high - class citizens like themselves .
just as i will not yet tell you alianores place in history , so you ll have to wait for her reason to incite men to murder .
andrew , being introduced , felt out of place in the presence of such emotion .
there were many holy places in the land of the dead ; places of great power that the old ones had understood .
there were many holy places in the land of the dead ; places of great power that the old ones had understood .
the pain of my lost hopes slid towards its proper place , yet how can i forget that vibrant link between sarah and eadie ?
there is no place for me in this jollity and i shun it as much as duty lets .
i had no place and no purpose in living ; nothing was left to me but bitter obedience to lady margaret and the expectations of the world .
the pain we found in our meditation almost expanded from this point , as if it were a shriek of anguish as something was torn from its rightful place .
the skies over prague had turned to a gray dusk by the time anna and julia arrived at the historical gate that separates ones existence from eternity , a place where , for a brief moment , the ends of time come together and become one .
twelve , an unlikely biblical number for an unlikely purpose , he would later recall , thinking back on all that took place at the meeting .
shaken by marias perception , erich closed the book and sat silent for a few moments , staring at a particular small rose that seemed to be struggling against the larger blossoms for its own place in the sun .
he seemed so german to her , the kind that would have no place in his heart for a jew .
there is no place for us , eva , no place .
there is no place for us , eva , no place .
to those who could see it , the flaming death of the two planes and their crews seemed like an old exploding star in its death throes , finally surrendering its long - held place in the universe .
all of these sounds reverberate throughout the valley as tyranny and freedom fight for their ultimate place in history .
its just not my place to ride a horse .
what is your place ?
but your place is to return to your family .
its not my place to fight .
and whenever his discovery was made known , he was confident that he would take his rightful place in history .
instead , he was gazing into nothingness , his mind apparently transported to some other far off place .
the dam has broken , and now it will flood over our planet , shrinking our place in the world little by little , bit by bit , day by day .
and had not his place in history been guaranteed by his magnificent text ?
with the disclosure of this new document , i am confident that he will be elevated to his rightful place , not just as italias greatest scientist of all time , but as italias greatest person of all time !
although the initial incarnation of the lincean academy did not survive his death , the lynxes are now considered to be the oldest extant scientific academy on earth , thus ensuring cesis place in history .
i beg with all my heart for a place in your life and patiences , and in the lives of your children .
and here he was , charles 's brother , faintly familiar and thus already beloved , his very likeness to his dead sibling resurrecting all those memories juliet had locked up inside herself , relegated to their proper place , since that horrible day last april .
how out of place she felt .
bursts of pleasure radiated from every place he touched , and her mind was a spinning , whirling place of delight .
then , painfully aware of the empty place that amy had set for his one and only son , he stared dejectedly out the window .
the monks could handle the heavier outside work , while the nuns , could concentrate on looking after the cows at pasture , or creating lovely paintings , and sewing beautiful tapestries that hung on the walls of the great wooden church , making the interior of kildare a place of beauty , whether by day , with light streaming in through the many windows , or at night , lit by a multitude of candles .
vanity had never held a place in her upbringing , and now she was nt exactly sure how she felt about seeing so much in herself .
but it was certainly not her place to mention it .
but he was older and it was not her place to instruct him .
sir , i think it was samuel that sold her to riggins in the first place .
she knew her place in the world of men .
blow a lofty , quivering breeze upon these broken boughs ; ignite our pyre so we may send these cold corpses to their rightful place in the underworld . ''
divine justice weighs our fate against persian greed , and all must seek their rightful place in our salvation . ''
` ` it 's not my place to approve or disapprove , '' myrrhine answered .
` ` as long as i ' m mistress , you 'll have a place in my home . ''
but another battle may take place in the aegean .
it 's not a woman 's place to scold generals . ''
the kind and practical princess augusta had assured her that if she was unhappy in her new position , a place would be found for her back at court .
six weeks later the structure was finished and replanting around the rear took place .
we have become a consumer driven nation more interested in our personal welfare that understanding out finite place in a contracting world .
yes , messieurs , idomeneo takes place in ancient greece .
but niflheimi could nt bear to believe that he was in such a terrible place .
he rarely felt nervous about speaking to his brother , but he still was nt sure if it was his place to speak out or not .
it was my fear in being cast into this place by the bishop , here is the antechamber to final damnation , beyond all the levels of hell .
its reality in the time of morton and the brothers was as certain as yours and mine is today , but not the place where thomas now found himself .
not only that , this limbo , this other place , could easily translate into our reality , past or present .
* * * chapter 38 an end for legley an agent of king louis xi should have no place amongst english masons , not even at the bishops palace in hatfield .
this holds the normal , well balanced individual in approximate harmony and in designated place and context with those around them .
not that i do nt believe these things do nt have their place in society anymore , but i can not retain those paradigms .
yet whatever grumbling had took place among rabbis and the pious , the revolution was accepted with little conflict .
addressing this non - ideological materialism contemptuously , shortly after the iranian revolution took power in 1979 , ayatollah ruhollah khomeini snorted at those who thought the upheaval took place to lower the price of watermelons , that is , to improve living standards .
what koppel thought merely a pleasantry revealed profoundly how religious knowledge and philosophydetermining ones place in the universeas central to ones life had been reduced to the level of a television show , film , or sporting event.cxvii similarly , when after an author made a passionate presentation about making aliyah to israel at the synagogue i attended as a youth , the young , hip rabbi said : thanks for an entertaining talk .
their security came from trust in god and a sense of identity and place .
somewhere along the way i realized i must be on the other side , the place where the spirits of the deceased live .
this will be their chance to find their place among all the learned ones of our people .
remember that , and remember your place as a student , as i have told you before .
down to the place where the spirits dwelled , where the forces of life and death lurked .
a part of her believed she was meant to go to this sacred place .
the young woman came to me for advice , asking me to help her find a place sacred to the ancient race .
perhaps its time for you to leave mordarach , find a place in another tribe and train as a warrior with them .
she puzzled over why the wolf had guided her to this place .
she felt certain shed been guided to this place for a reason .
this was why the wolf had led her to this place .
she reminded herself that she had been guided to this place by the wolf , who was surely a messenger of the gods .
the gods had indeed guided her to this place .
it was a wolf that had led her to this place of sanctuary .
while shakespeare wrote of commoners and kings , while colonists hewed log cabins from the wilds of the new world , a land ruled by violent intrigue , powerful drugs , and sensual beauty lay hidden in that legendary place known as moghul india .
india , the place of fable and mystery to englishmen for centuries .
but it is not your place to question me , captain hawksworth . ''
only his first wife was allowed to have the place of honor beside his body .
` ` is it by your own consent that this marriage take place with prince allaudin , son of his royal majesty ? ''
` ` it is not your place , inglish , to tell me mine is a court of liars .
it 's our place to revere and serve the monarchy . ''
the voice seemed to be receding back into derin 's body now , to be calling from some faraway place .
but now this canopy of stars above the caribbees mantled a place of strife and despair wrenching as man could devise .
doubtless a place in the new government .
said island hath no considerable place in the south part thereof but the city of santo domingo , and that not being heavily fortified may doubtless be possest without much difficulty , which being done , that whole island will be brought under obedience .
the new world is the place where a man has to think in larger terms .
` ` aye , your pope 's ever been free to dispense lands he never owned in the first place . ''
` ` he said that you were right , and he should never have overreached himself with emily in the first place . ''
his surprise was quickly overtaken by a trifling sense of something out of place , not quite right about miranda 's hasty departure .
looking at the twins and kate , miranda realized the breakfast room was not the appropriate place for them .
` ` your bitterness is out of place , simon .
sometimes some course maintenance would take place , but mondays were when caddies were allowed to play for free .
i ' ve not found the proper place .
* * * there are times in ones life you exist in a place where there is no time or world around you .
the doctor 's daughter , her second book , took place in the civil war and described an affair between a small town northern girl and a confederate soldier lost behind enemy lines .
he wished she did n't have to work so hard , but it was her place in this life , in this compound .
when your father gave her to you , i felt it was not my place . ''
` ` i am trying to find my place .
` ` the christians and jews ought to know their place in society .
ralph wondered why the man had come out to celebrate in the first place .
she did not realize until that moment how greatly he had inspired her to escape in the first place .
paula looked over at mac again , standing back by the door , feeling out of place walking into a womans dressing room with a cop .
with many luminaries and hollywood celebrities having graduated from the school in the past , there were expectations for the girls to excel and claim their place in the world .
and then you found yourself in this strange place with strange people like us , right ?
i know he wants a proper place , a place like we had before .
although he d no place in the decision making , allan was looking forward to the new challenges .
there s no place for me at achlic , he said in a low voice .
she had no place , no role .
she was happy for him , and yet his new life with jane made her realize all the more that there was no place for her there any longer .
it 's not really my place to be there , not without allan .
it was unexpected , for ian had n't realized he commanded a place in henry 's affections more than any other sailor on board ship , although he knew henry had been kind in giving him the position of surgeon 's mate .
since my husband died , there 's been no place for me here .
well , generally , most of the activity takes place on this side .
and your place is here with me , as my friend .
it 's not my place to ask martin and best you remember that , mrs rogers snapped .
she looked up at him , green eyes not really asking for an explanation , but telling him that one would nonetheless not be out of place .
yes , that s why i came here in the first place .
as though he truly had been named and reborn in this place that might have been some secret , close - protected womb of the earth itself .
but the fact that others , less intelligent than he who achieved far less , died so horribly and so young has denied him his rightful place in irish history .
it was also a time for family , and our house was usually filled with relatives from all over the province , all equally and magnanimously received by father who only demanded their faithful observance with the sacred rites of the festival to ensure their hospitality and a place at the seder .
of all place in antioch ?
thus , little by little , i returned from that dark place , that oblivion of feelings and senses .
the sheol would only occur for the renegades , the worst of men , a place of infinite torments similar to the infernos of the greeks .
it was there that i belonged , my place in this world .
weight of water in an amphora tyrian shekel - monetary unit , only coinage accept in the temple judaean nomenclature ben - son of essenes - religious group dybbuk - possessing spirit hasmonean - dynasty of judaea , suppressed by the romans kashrut - dietary laws kohanim - priests korban - temple treasure mosaic law - set of rules and commands written by moses messianics - religious group , followers of jesus christ nasi - president of the sanhedrin nazarene - denomination for christians or essenes nisan - month of april pesach - religious festival ( passover ) pharisees - religious group rabban - doctor of the mosaic law , sage saducees - religious group sanhedrin - supreme council seder - ritual feast shabbat - day of rest sheol - the land of the dead , the land of nothingness sicarii - radical group , sect of assassins torah - the five books of moses , sacred book zealots - religious radical group greco - roman nomenclature acropolis - highest point in predominantly greek cities addenda - plural of annex agora - public square in predominantly greek cities ambrosia - mythical food / drink of the greek gods acheron - river in the underworld of greek mythology basilica - edifice reserved for assemblies bireme - a ship of greek origin , with 2 decks of oars cardo - urban street - north to south orientation castrum - military camp or edifice chatti - germanic tribe consul - supreme magistrate of rome christians - religious group , followers of jesus christ christ - messiah curia - assembly building of the roman senate decumanus - urban street - east to west orientation sacred disease - epilepsy dominus - roman salutation , lord , master domus - residential house ecclesia - a place for assemblies , church , temple erratum - corrective text of a published work forum - public square in predominantly roman cities hades - the underworld in greek mythology insula - residential building with multiple floors iseum - temple in honor of the goddess isis khaire - greek salutation koine - greek dialect in the antiquity legate - general / governor of a roman province ludi - plays and theatrical games mega khaire - greek salutation mithraeum - temple in honor of the god mithra murmillones - roman gladiators , used shield and sword olympus - mythical residence of the greco - roman gods oracle - prophetic prediction palatine - designation of the imperial palaces of rome parthians - persians patera - father patrician - roman aristocrat pax romana - period of relative peace in the roman empire pythia - priestess of the temple of apollo in delphi prefect - high roman official , responsible for military and civil rule praetor - roman magistrate , responsible for judiciary affairs pretorium - government seat of a roman prefect / procurator princeps - title of a member of the imperial family procurator - high roman official , responsible for military and civil rule publican - tax collector at the service of rome quaestor - senate supervisor for judicial and fiscal affairs retiarii - roman gladiators , used a net and a trident rostra - platform in a forum for official speeches salve - roman salutation , singular salvete - roman salutation , plural septuagint - greek translation of the five books of moses , the pentateuch sophos - scholar / wise man speculatores - messengers and agents of the imperial guard stabulum - inn taberna - public place for the serving of drinks tartarus - mythical place in the greek underworld thermopolium - public place for the serving of food and meals thracian - roman gladiator , use curved sword and shin guards triclinium - dining - room in greco - roman residences trireme - a ship of greek origin , with 3 decks of oars ( 180 rowers ) vale - roman salutation villa - residence of a wealthy roman vox populi - the voice of the people ziggurat - ancient temple in babylon athaliah , daughter of jezebel novel by mordechai landsberg smashwords edition copyright 2012 mordechai landsberg all rights reserved .
not only sexual abuse in public had taken place in town .
playwright racine had a very cool viewpoint and concept regarding a poetic drama : almost no shocking scenes stir the stage , but much psychological and spiritual movement takes place in his characters hearts and minds .
it made him angry to think there were many who still adhered to the view that people should know their place and stay in it .
instead he must go on telling the old bible stories and allow the present rector to come in and tell his pupils how god had made the world in seven days and that they must always try to be good and know their place .
in hope underhill that place was clearly defined .
the trouble with john was that since his return to the village of his birth he had never really known his place .
the sure came from a deep place that resonated with a similar place in willow .
little was done to either secure or indicate how his succession was to take place .
conflicts between the pharisees and the sadducees took place in the context of much broader and longstanding social and religious conflicts among jews dating back to the babylonian captivity and exacerbated by the roman conquest .
sheol the land of the dead , the land of nothingness she'ol , translated as ` ` grave '' , ` ` pit '' , or ` ` abode of the dead '' , is the old testament / hebrew bible 's underworld , a place of darkness to which all the dead go , both the righteous and the unrighteous , regardless of the moral choices made in life , a place of stillness and darkness cut off from god .
sheol the land of the dead , the land of nothingness she'ol , translated as ` ` grave '' , ` ` pit '' , or ` ` abode of the dead '' , is the old testament / hebrew bible 's underworld , a place of darkness to which all the dead go , both the righteous and the unrighteous , regardless of the moral choices made in life , a place of stillness and darkness cut off from god .
the suda describes the river as ` ` a place of healing , not a place of punishment , cleansing and purging the sins of humans . ''
the suda describes the river as ` ` a place of healing , not a place of punishment , cleansing and purging the sins of humans . ''
tartarus mythical place in the greek underworld in classic mythology , below uranus ( sky ) , gaia ( earth ) , and pontus ( sea ) is tartarus , or tartaros .
it is a deep , gloomy place , a pit , or an abyss used as a dungeon of torment and suffering that resides beneath the underworld .
this seemed to make it all more of a family affair and consequently , i hoped , abbies presence less necessary , maybe even out of place .
i hope he can get to the bottom of it , after he s found a place in a hospital for her .
first priority , a place in the a grade cricket scene .
he s crowbarring another lock when jared is startled by the first sound out of place .
find a place for me on the outside ?
his mind fastens on the disciplined display , snared by both its evocation of perfect institutional order and its magical transcendence of time and place .
that prison actually has a permanent place in our economy !
as a resister he believes in his place in life , that his historic role is to protest , be a dissident .
although he s always been attracted to strong women , there s utterly no place in his spirit for same - sex sex .
notwithstanding crays love for his now trappist mentor , they partedand did so with all the bitterness and dark love of parent and rebellious childover the issue of the function , place , presence , and biblical basis for the holy spirit .
there will always be a place for him among the computers and xerox machines .
contented , he does not so think because he is what this place intends him to be ; thoughtless .
she sought it as a holy place for herself , a wholing place .
just as prison was that dark place inside where his soul was savaged and ravaged , so he returns to the farm seeking its protection , its earthen goodness .
it is nt ascetic as the way her place is now , a place consciously devoid of things .
it is nt ascetic as the way her place is now , a place consciously devoid of things .
ye have no place here .
he was too proud to ask me exactly what slanders i was hearing , and too proud to want to respond to them , but like all politicians he was concerned about his place in the public eye .
she seemed to have inherited some of her fathers trading blood , and set up the first permanent trading post in the village , earning a permanent place for her name on the trading post and later on the city marinette .
after being scolded by everyone in sight , buck decided it was time to change his long cherished view about women 's place in the overall scheme of life .
i sipped the wine , looked around the room , and waited for more pieces to fall into place .
they were practicing to take their place among world leaders .
history is full of characters who drag their countries into places they should nt be .
this conversation took place as we stood in the hall and tried to decide should we sit , stand , go to his room .
in a clearly murky , gloomy situation , there was no place for further unknown or variables .
she could n't find a place in life for herself neither in this moment of time nor in the place she was .
the turbulence that had taken place in sarahs life was upsetting .
` ` mrs . morris , i know it is nt my place to ask , but i m just going to barge right in and be rude .
and frankly , my little sarah dear , it is nt your place to change this fine tradition of motherhood .
his imagination was empty of maggie and the children , their home a strange place that held no memories for dan .
refusing to talk , petra took a tongue - lashing , crumpling finally under unrelenting threats and revealed the hidden place holding his entire future .
when holed up in his rooms , khufu had believed he could , by ceasing to move , slow time itself and its rushing of him ever farther from his son ; many such miracles took place in ancient stories .
god - king khufu reflected back from his place in the celestial nile of the infinite sky .
an - khi came from ... another place .
the schoolmaster arrived and scolded mehi for not being at his place inside .
he did not see the creeping sand , feel the ground , or know his place in the world .
for most people , death is the place from where no one returns ; for you its the cosmetics painting that ca nt be redone .
the stars settled into their ancient places .
the author can be contacted at hankalawson @ gmail.com dedication to my parents audrey merle lawson and henry dzierzawski acknowledgements to prof . richard bankowsky ; freelance editors including sarah cypher ; fran and cary spiker who read the book when it was unreadable , yet offered invaluable feedback ; pamela trokanski who sat side by side with me for many weeks as i recited the novel and who , with patience , humor and intelligence , gave me perhaps the best feedback of all ; and annette zumba , my biggest fan , whose insight and ideas as well as words found a place in the landscape of this book , i offer my gratitude .
there were several senior ministers and generals , all of whom both deserve and demand a place in my scottish government .
then they returned with renewed vigour to the larger prey cringing on his bunk , his knees drawn up to his chin , his eyes wide in terror , his hands flailing uselessly at the beasts that turned his world into a place of ripping , burning agony .
in desperation , the prisoner found , from some deep place within him , the strength to rise to his feet , to stand , unbalanced , on the thin mattress from which the odour of rotting horsehair and material arose , and for a time the rats were held at bay , unable to reach the upper body that offered so much fresh nourishment to their hungry maws .
there seemed to be a discussion or voluble argument taking place involving all the warriors , for there was much arm - waving , pointing across the river towards the house , and shouting .
things were falling into place .
the church was the place of individual experiences with god .
but there was no place for them in the reality of the new day and they faded away like the moon shine over the mountains .
but the dragon was not strong enough , and they lost their place in heaven .
` ` it 's not my place to tell you .
monks had lived and worked there for hundreds of years , going about their daily ritual with purpose and a strong sense of themselves and their place in the world 's order .
seth figured it was his place to answer that one .
the chiefs and their pride was perhaps the greatest problem , some would not fight unless they had the place and status that their honour demanded , while others would not join an army when a rival clan was on the same side .
osullivan is giving ardshiels regiment the place of honour .
i have a message from the colonel , desiring your company to take up its proper place in the line , which was allocated to us by lord george murray .
i knew such business took place here .
if i were god , it would be enough for me , but if i were god , this world would be a very different place .
a commoner , like the mackenzie runt , has no place in english society , and i intend to make an example of him , so that everyone who knows him will learn what happens to commoners who try to marry into the nobility .
shouted one of the ships seamen as he ran along the deck to where the altercation was taking place .
but there was no place for a wife at fort cumberland , and alex thought that the frontier environment was much too rough and dangerous for a woman .
i wonder why we bothered to move in the first place .
annabelle and emmett had been busy making amends for all that was out of place .
but there was something else about the need to feel as though a place existed , which might not have been a place at all .
but there was something else about the need to feel as though a place existed , which might not have been a place at all .
just like light and darkness had its place , so did the casualties that bonded its unbroken cords .
it was not his place to argue with ea - pe , he could see that .
swears that a miracle has taken place .
as if in a dream , wade crawled out from under the bed , forgetting why he was hiding there in the first place .
wade would have a solid education , and he would slowly win the hearts of the old guard , securing a place in society for his unborn child that scarlett carried .
aunt melly placed her hands on their shoulders , not knowing whether it was her place to disclose such personal information , but she did not want scarlett or rhett to have to do it .
so she sent him on the long trek toward another place of burden , where he would sit in torture , as far away from emily as he could manage in the small , claustrophobic schoolroom .
will shrugged slightly , i do nt rightly think its my place to talk to her .
wade , i want you to know that any time you decide you are ready , you always have a place here .
wade searched each face only to find an emptiness as each woman that surrounded him thought of the place that will held in their life .
he laid his head on the strong shoulder that supported him , and felt himself relax in the arms that held him naturally , as if they had always been there , as if this place in time was exactly where he was meant to be .
once they had won their true loves , they understood their worth and their place in the world through the reflection in their lovers eyes .
we at iona are concerned that if you commit a mortal sin you may be denied a place in the heavenly here - after .
when hephaestion 's body arrived in susa , alexander had it put in a place of honor in his palace .
` ` your place is here in alexandria to serve me .
he teaches that certainty is unattainable , and since all theories are probably false , one might as well accept the conventions of his own place and time . ''
sometimes i wonder why i ever wanted to be a sheriff in the first place .
i have seen so many changes taking place in you .
he thought he would be overjoyed to have him back , but actually he felt a little out of place now .
do n't you know your place ?
perhaps i did not always like what you did , but neither did you hold to a moral place in society as stolford was wo nt to do .
how can such a questionable existence ever allow kelthorne , or any children we might have , a proper place in society ?
there is only one proper place in society , her uncle said .
the truth of the matter was is that in his expression of gratitude toward isaac that night for having buried his son and the others , he discovered that this young lad seemed now to almost take his place in his heart .
~ victoria was shocked at what was taking place within the arena and the effect it was having on the mass of people , even the response of the other girls around her puzzled her .
he once again turned to look toward the place of his aching hearts pain .
it was as though he could not find a place in the future for himself beyond this tragic event .
~ all of these events took their place in the existence of time at such a rapid pace that they were completed before anyone could reach them , though many now rushed upon them .
his mind was trying to find a place for this , but all he could find was that he was not capable .
` ` but , it 's funny how being far away shows you the special place family holds ; hey ? ''
i hope i get into unit six fairly soon though , i ' m supposed to have a research component to my program , and i understand that u6 is where all the research takes place .
in the center of the reception area , there was an odd fenced - off zone that looked out of place in the otherwise business - type environment .
he was convinced that the units were a place of abuse , neglect , involuntary commitment and unethical experimentation .
you have provoked me to that place , madam , please .
rather both the friends were guided by god to his place .
everything is possible in this world , satyanand explained , circumstances led my destiny to this place .
violence has no place in our protests .
everything is not solidly into place yet , though .
he spoke very little , but when he made a request to move about in the crowd , his manner of speech made him sound out of place , more like he belonged in one of the seats above , not tramping about in the mud .
trying to get it clear in his own mind , after reading his books and seeing several patients come and go through the portals at the beach house , along with hearing their stories , joshua blurts out , time is like a jig saw puzzle where each piece is put into its own place .
however , he was always present for dinner unless something urgent took place .
rather , i would like to make my own place in all your lives and hope that we could be happy together .
seth said , geoff , its not exactly my place , but i do nt think you re gon na get an answer from either of them at the moment , so ill tell you .
i love you , too , and i m so happy to have my own place in your heart , dean .
he conceded that gold had a rightful and worthwhile place in the world , but he disliked the condition that gold mining left the land in , and he particularly disliked the fact that anywhere gold was found or mined or stored or hauled or spent , men found countless ways to kill each other off in alarming numbers .
you know , gentlemen , i ' m fifty - two years old , and at my age , i finally decided that i had this world figured out for the wicked , unjust place that it is .
a charitable explanation would be that he never had time to carry out all the experiments he wanted , but ... [ return to story ] ~~~000~~~ fertilization fertilization takes place in angiosperm plants when the haploid male nucleus of the male gamete fuses with the nucleus of the female haploid gamete .
the wily fouche moved to the right , abandoning his place on the ' mountain ' of the convention and by december 8th , the middle class had once again recaptured the revolution .
not a single moment in a day , week , month or a year goes by without some form of evil taking place somewhere in the world .
there was no place left for me in this world anymore .
they had spent several evenings together both here at the house and out around town , but after the initial expressions of gratitude were over , they had kept their talk light , indulging in a lot of banter and avoiding more serious topics like the future and what place they might have in each other 's lives .
drohita was a quiet , studious young man who seemed out of place as a soldier .
he might survive me but even if he does , it wo n't be long before he walks the same path to zabrazal 's place of judgement . '
zaliek sat down , sniffed , scratched his nose , and asked , ' do you have place for one more commander in your army ? '
they believed they would put those redskins in their proper place .
nah , i mean yeah , is okay luke , is jest been sittin here thankin bout my place in carolinny .
that feat alone had been quite enough to ensure bass a prominent place among the living legends of his day , but in the ensuing thirteen years there had been other great kills to keep the legend growing .
folks were pretty good about not monopolizing his time or their place at the table , and so there was a constant shift of people and places .
it needed knowledge of ones place in the world and a sense of history and geography .
i shared a place with one , and one learns .
only things that had some function had a place in the home and hard work substituted for mechanization .
her father often told her that magic took place on birthdays one just had to believe .
here i was trying to move the conversation into a place where i could give him a long overdue thank you , and i got caught up with his rough personality .
do nt get near the railroad tracks , stated fulgencio , looking a little out of place in his uniform and without his guitar .
katalina waited for the day her life would fall into a place that made sense , but that day never came .
on this account alone , selena was resolute not to challenge her best friend 's supposed place in mr . hewes ' heart - however , charlotte felt quite differently on the matter .
speaking of duels , miss savannah pomroy seems to have lost her glowing place in mr . hewes ' fine eyes , which should appease our lovesick selena to no end .
` ` however , comedy has no place in a tribute to a celebrated war hero . ''
mr . hoffman 's passion and devotion for maintaining lafayette 's rightful place in american history is exemplary .
` ` pups ' ave no place at sea .
to me he had stepped into a new place at a new time .
no , it is not our place to interrupt the spirit guide when he is alone with his thoughts , sitting crow said .
worse , they believe they can punish people as though they were doing our lords work for him , but i believe tis not our place to judge .
` ` i do n't like people talking about us either , but if our friends here are the kind to look down on our whole family because of what mollie 's doing , then it makes me begin to doubt that they were ever our true friends in the first place .
when i was with them , they made me feel like the world was a wonderful place to be .
` ` we can expect the majority of our problems to take place in these four central border counties , '' he said , pointing to platte , clay , jackson , and cass counties .
arkansas has an important place in our past .
no one mentioned how jolliet had come to be so injured in the first place .
you have made certain our place in society is lost .
heres what he told me , word for word : it seemed like we d just gotten our place in dakota to where we could make it when the drought hit us .
hilda followed as the american troops marched them off to a place of confinement .
in the meantime , i hope that our nations progress does not further rob its families of their roots , a place to always call home .
all the pieces are falling into place as we speak .
they were turning this space into their own place within the hotel .
cathy pulled her own mum aside and asked her what she thought , it felt to her that it was like her daughter was sliding into a place from which there was no way back and she needed to stay by her side .
catherine found herself praying as they drove , for what she knew not , not for her daughters life , that seemed an impossible hope , but at least for something good to come out of this awful place where she had been .
would that this be the way of the world , permanently and universally , we would all live in a kindlier place .
after all , you do nt get intimately involved with someone , have three babies by them , share their highs and lows , without developing some little special place in your heart for them - even if they do storm off in a fury one day .
he worked for many years with australias biggest selling newspaper , the herald sun in melbourne , including a seven year stint writing its popular daily column , a place in the sun , catching the vibe of the city for more than 1.3 million readers every morning .
everything has its place , and its important to keep this area neat and clean .
his ex - teacher reminded him of lessons which involved historical places in boston , when he was in her class room .
jack had a special place on the plantation yet he could not be allowed to forget who was boss .
tanaquil had said nothing out of place , nothing that another young girl of the ruling class might not have said , yet he 'd felt a keen intelligence at work .
he remembered the first time he 'd understood his place in tarchna .
i wanted to find my place here ; but i do n't seem to have a place .
there was no god in it , no unambiguous omen ; rome had spread to the whole etruscan world , yet she had no idea of her own place in this , whether rome was to be resisted or enjoyed .
she had begun to wonder whether rome was the place of freedom she 'd hoped it would be ; for her , it was a prison , though perhaps it would be the place where lauchme could find his future and his true self .
but later , she felt that emptiness within her like a tumour , a bleakness that would never leave her ; it was a numb place , indigestible .
his place in the household was ambiguous ; he was a student , and he was an extra pair of hands around the place when anything needed doing ; a general in the making , perhaps , and at the same time a boy not yet grown up .
not much place for me in her little world of noblemen .
it was impossible to teach her to float , to swim , to drift into the augur 's place ; she was rooted , firm , clenched into the world she felt and saw .
all things in their time , she said , and all things in their place .
some with their families ; some without , leaving wives and children behind till things were more stable , till they 'd carved out their place in it .
every god had a place ; or rather , every place had a god .
it was important to commemorate the boundaries , the divisions between places and times and nations ; each thing had its place , and if you did n't know what that place was , how would you know when you 'd ended up somewhere else , somewhere completely different ?
( as for tanaquil , normally commanding ; she was n't in any state to lay down the law , and anyway , she 'd been banished till a few weeks ago , her loyalty to rome and her place in it still in doubt . )
and i do n't know , i think while he might not have known that his own death was coming , he thought the old velx was dying , and there was no place in it for him or his kind . ''
fabia saw a flat and colourless world where tanaquil 's was shot through with gods and ancestors and spirits and signs ; rome was a place where the roots had been cut away , where the past was incinerated daily and only the future seemed to matter .
` ` that 's not our place , '' the older fabia said .
she had no idea what he meant ; and he was almost too angry to explain , but she managed , eventually , to find out that it was n't only tarquinius who 'd been upset by the changes in the army , and that manius had lost his command , and been demoted , or rather , that in the merging of two centuries , someone had forgotten to ensure he was given a place in the new entity , so that he was left on the strength , but without a posting , and , if you took the rules literally , subordinate to a man vastly his junior .
` ` but he had no place in the battle . ''
` ` and in any case , rome has no place in the council here . ''
` ` romans have strict views on a woman 's place , '' tullia said .
and even so , he felt inspired by this society , in which a woman could be on easy terms with her husband , in which the joy - denying ordinances of old rome had no place .
i ca n't afford to lose my place in rome .
a place more venerable than all in england was the prey of pagan wretches .
once again , my spirit burned with longing to take my place in the sagas .
but alas , i fear the war department has no place for newfangled artillery pieces like this since the princeton affair .
each rock and outcropping you see here has a special place in the lords house .
his discourse was complicated and somewhat confused ; he said he had all things shown to him from this time to the winding - up scene , or the great battle of gog and magog ; there were great things to take place , but he did not tell what the saints should do to save themselves .
parley p. pratt came forward and took his place at the podium , and began his keynote speech .
as he looked down from the hills just beyond north point through his spyglass , he winced at the destruction taking place on fort mchenry .
many were left scarred by it , unable to find their place in this new france , whatever it was to be .
he said but his mind was in another place .
see him at matins and make sure that he does not suspect anything out of place .
why were you put in that place when it was so clearly wrong for you ?
he had brought her to this diabolical place in her dreams .
it was all falling beautifully into place .
i already have my place in hell , de floyran said indifferently and then casually pushed catherine over the edge .
i would have delayed until tomorrow but the king wants me to escort de molay to his new place of incarceration .
and i. john st clair said , i think it is a viable idea , maybe it is time we found our own place in this world , perhaps our true place .
and i. john st clair said , i think it is a viable idea , maybe it is time we found our own place in this world , perhaps our true place .
but how could i undo the secret place in the floor and get possession of the treasure with soldiers all about ?
the dream itself took place at night , which made its already surrealistic imagery even more fantastic .
everything was falling into place , he thought with satisfaction as he left his chambers .
i only mean for you to remember your place .
he d asked the passengers to gather on deck so that he could advise them of the procedures that would be taking place .
had he some place in his heart left after lucinda ?
she was beginning to feel that her roots may find their place in the hot southern soil .
he had to find a place for this child now that miranda jane had refused to raise it .
as the captain 's boat scuttled back towards the long - ship , the other man 's boat moved towards one of the strange and seemingly fragile vessels , which ambrose had earlier thought looked out of place amongst the sturdy ships of the northern seas .
there is no place amongst a warrior band for a coward . ''
each warrior knew his place .
while mother church taught that each person had his or her place in god 's hierarchy and should accept it with humility , yet ambrose vividly remembered his own personal experience with slavery .
we have something great of our own to talk about , an opportunity to be a part of the expansion of this growing country , to make our own place in history .
mother always said a woman is defined by her place in society and her social activities .
it is not our place to discipline half - starved ruffians .
without the voice of the wind she would be lost , her place in the great weave unknown .
it is your place to be concerned for the well being of the people .
the helvetii are a resilient people , and i believe they still have a place in the great weave .
you must hold a special place in your fathers heart for him to entrust you with this union .
since it had flourished so deeply in sin before , now it would be the place of death for all who sinned .
` ` finish this loose marauder before the dawn or be prepared to lose your place on the council . ''
it had already been hanging in the balance , his place on the council .
peter was not about to lose his place on the council .
he never delivered the message and , now that his father was about to follow diana to that cold place beyond the known , he would never be able to , either .
i will give your brother a special place in my council . ''
he was now seeing the ancient mayan port city of tulum through ishans eyes as ishan continued his search for the place of the ancestors .
it was n't long before he found himself having to leave before the medicine men found him in his place of slumber .
he was as primitive as the maya but from some other place .
he had accepted this place as his home from the moment he woke up in that infirmary next to ishan .
if you are unable to survive on your own , you will be unable to share this place of leadership with me . ''
something felt out of place and there were warning bells going off in his head .
then it started getting a bit more scary when i d see you trapped in that dark place .
although she still considered herself a skeptic , part of her did wish and hope for a better place for herself and her loved ones .
unlike relativity , which deals with the macrocosm of outer space , and quantum , which deals with the microcosm of particle physics , chaos science takes place largely within the mesosphere the world as we experience it in everyday life , from dripping faucets to banners flapping in the autumn breezes .
nothing seemed to be out of place or came to his attention immediately and he sighed .
finally , it said , i find it amusing that humans see hell as a place where the evil are punished by demons for their sins .
by the eighth i was back in my body and it was a terrible place full of pain and lurching nausea .
but i knew why i d let her go in the first place .
i felt something out of place straight away .
i was nt sure he even had an open minded place .
well - dressed in a smart woolen overcoat and expensive shoes , he gave the impression of someone of importance , of someone who knew his place in the world .
i know its probably not my place but i wanted to ask if i could do anything to help .
an undercurrent of kooks and weirdoes also had their place in la .
he laughedactually laugheda sound so out of place given the situation .
if she dreamed of sebastian , she closed her eyes again , desperately trying to get back to the place where he was real to her .
the one to ensure their place in heaven . ''
i beat on the door , the banging seeming loud and out of place here , and waited for a minute or two , gauging the area to see if it attracted anything .
guilt and sorrow is out of place when dealing with the undead .
my world was a hazy , false place that no longer seemed real .
everything had its place and there wasyou guessed ita place for everything .
everything had its place and there wasyou guessed ita place for everything .
she would back down and she would settle back into her place in the hive .
there was no sign of a break in or anything else out of place , sheriff roger wilton said .
dis ai nt a holy place in his eyes .
the demon of walkers woods every town has one , the haunted house , the creepy neighbor , that place that exudes darknessfor us , in the town where i grew up , it was crazy mary .
he did n't see anything out of place but something definitely was n't right .
my place was with my men .
he figured that once he made it through the front gate , the rest of his plan would fall into place .
i m not guaranteeing you a place in the day soldiers .
but i just felt my place was here .
its our responsibility to stay ignorant , just so you have a place on this team .
finally , humanity will be in its proper place .
when you killed phillip , dennis was given a place on the council .
learn your place , dennis , daciana said .
there s a special place in my heart for procedurals and crime novels .
drover clinic : z place - zz hallucigenia - 3.0 wallace 's physical therapy centre .
washington state correctional facility : z place - zz parallax - 3.0 a prison .
the very subject was set to send nathan into a paroxysms of laughing hysteria , and mark was nt keen on being the brunt of a long line of in - jokes that would stretch the chasm between them and lock their relationship into a most mentally unhealthy place .
her wedding ring lay significant before it , a plain gold band that rendered pauls place in her world a crowded complication , one that at any time she was free to break off .
science has its place here , not spook - talk .
there s this whole other world , this place that s superimposed on this one .
but mars had nt done two of the thirty - two compressions before pauls eyes fluttered open , a hoarse cough sputtering out of him as he slowly regained his place in their universe .
paul certainly had no wish to revisit the place of his torment , a fact mars could easily empathize with .
sarah loved staring at the stars , pondering our place in gods universe , and believing that the impossible kept itself just one good idea away .
* * emma fell asleep in cassidys arms , and cassidy found her mind glazing over from the soft glow of the tv cartoons , and returning to a familiar place .
and a big , goofy grin was as out of place on noella as it would be on eeyore .
after he has removed your brain and internal organs ( an old egyptian tradition that has found its place in the modern world ) , sapped your body of its life - giving fluids , put a little rouge on your cheeks and combed your hair , you will regain your beauty in the coffin .
but a new world held no place for my kind , especially without training , and i d had none .
problem is , boy , your hatred has no place in the human world .
sit here , i said , pulling out the chair that had once belonged to my father , its the place of honor .
he told me all about it , and there was no friend had a closer place in his heart than you .
again i felt that horrid sense of the reality of things , in which any effort of imagination seemed out of place , and i realized distinctly the perils of the law which we were incurring in our unhallowed work .
the power of treaty may yet prove a vast engine of enlargement , when the monroe doctrine takes its true place as a political fable .
you , gentlewomen , who by nationality , by heredity , or by the possession of natural gifts , are fitted to hold your respective places in the moving world , i take to witness that i am as sane as at least the majority of women who are in full possession of their liberties .
things are quite bad enough for us , all women of the world , and who have been in many tight places in our time , but it is no place for a man , and if he had remained in touch with the affair , it would in time infallibly have wrecked him . '
there was no place for words in her sublime misery .
she understands her place and what she must do .
when the nightmare and thoughts of marcy would nt leave his mind , he threw on his coat and took a walk in the unusually frigid late - afternoon air , heading for the place where real recuperation would take place .
she closed her eyes again and tried to send her mind back to that place of passion , that place where the horrors closing in on her could nt intrude .
she recalled each of them clearly , a trio out of place in their surroundings , what with their kindness , sense of humor , and lack of hostility .
he was in the only place he wanted to be , the place he d known as home for the entirety of his life , the place where he was always welcomed with open , loving arms .
as a construct of pure will that existed underneath the ether that sheathed the physical world , the netherworld was his place .
these experiences seemed to take place in another time , another life .
looking back at the entire growth of the tree goddess , i believe the initial spark that put the story in motion took place while my wife , kids and i were packing up boxes to move into a new residence .
to dave , it sounded like this game was a fantasy , and may very well have taken place in the minds of those pursuing the women on route 4 .
socializing , today , takes place on sites such as my space , facebook and twitter .
chapter 14 obsessed with the vastness of deep wilderness and the dangerous seclusion it can bring ; joe laid awake on the night that followed easter sunday with his mind in those untamed woods that bordered creek highway , wandering and searching through a place of imagination that terrified him .
but then a great transformation took place which suddenly gave mapleview the appearance of being the ideal vacation spot .
and although his first couple years were very eventful , nothing supernatural or incredibly bizarre had taken place .
the very confused officer ralph took the delirious report and concluded that a possible murder of a child had taken place in the circle point subdivision .
i have no desire to go into the earth and tour some dark and musty place .
but as a man ages , the whole fattening - of - the - cow phenomenon takes place .
its eery wailing plaintiveness seemed to give place to a quick , eager yelping .
the laws of humanity dictate that such notions be separated from the realm of logical reasoning and be suspended in a cell of forgotten knowledge ; there is no place among the populace for such an action as the one that floated in my soul .
try as you may , your whole being is wrapped in destruction , from the food you devour to the place you call your home .
i felt out of place , as if every ear was attuned to the conversation i just had and all knew my deeds .
i was not calmed by its speech , but nonetheless felt a slight deviation from my previous mood taking place within me ; i was not as afraid as before , although fear still gripped me tightly .
a flabby , grill - shrunken piece of pork can not hold any special or unique place , since it is only food now .
i cautiously observed them all while trying to figure out my place in charleys life .
it made me question why we went to the police station in the first place .
we did nt need words , she held me while i made sense of charleys death and his place in my heart .
a different sort of vibe took place in the murky attic at the top of this strange house that lay in the middle of nowhere .
a bark , or a whinny , lulu or magic dog above , had expressed something as being out of place .
women got no place learnin ' from those things .
for travellers have heard such sounds before , and know that they float only from the cold desert plateau which healthy folk never visit ; that haunted place of evil and mystery which is leng .
suddenly the dense blackness gave place to the grey twilight of inner earth , and there opened up ahead one of those flat sterile plains on which ghouls love to squat and gnaw .
night fell , and the grey twilight gave place to the sickly phosphorescence of low clouds , and all the while the leaders watched the high peaks of that accursed rock for signs of the night - gaunts ' flight .
in that half - waking dreamland which is yours , no power of uttermost night may pursue ; and only you can send the selfish great ones gently out of your marvellous sunset city , back through the northern twilight to their wonted place atop unknown kadath in the cold waste .
not hard to find is that roseal fever of the gods , that fanfare of supernal trumpets and clash of immortal cymbals , that mystery whose place and meaning have haunted you through the halls of waking and the gulfs of dreaming , and tormented you with hints of vanished memory and the pain of lost things awesome and momentous .
the dream just put my emotions in a strange place and i need to get out of it so i can go back to sleep .
the counsellor explained to me how not eating or sleeping causes chemical changes to take place , which make it harder to deal with grief .
his smile grew , hostile , that s cute but a woman should know her place and that place ai nt making smartass remarks .
from this piazza the wondering ichabod entered the hall , which formed the centre of the mansion , and the place of usual residence .
all of her other dreams took place in the hallway beneath her house .
the dog started barking and we both rushed toward it , almost forgetting why we d risked our lives fighting zombies in the first place .
out of the darkness at the end of time , from the great place at the end of all space and existence , comes into being the visage of the terrible eshan abol .
it is a long road that leads to the factory , to my place of terrible slavery .
the day is n't far off now , when it consumes the earth and moves on to greener pastures , to reclaim its rightful place in the galaxy .
he had forgotten so much about this place of magic , with its light and its dark .
' little alteration , except the growth of our dear children , has taken place since you left us .
some conversation took place between her and her mother , and the young stranger knelt at the old woman 's feet and would have kissed her hand , but she raised his and embraced his affectionately .
' what a place is this that you inhabit , my son ! '
well , be it so ; a deadly struggle would then assuredly take place , in which if she were victorious i should be at peace and her power over me be at an end .
there was so much work to be done in the world and there was no place for a child in it .
forfeiting his place in heaven , he became the disciplinarian of mankind .
level zero was its own place .
the human world is no place for this old dragon .
she smiled and declined the offer ; shed stopped taking money from geoff years ago when he d stolen a little place in her heart for being a genuinely kind old man .
i want to return to the world i ve known since my death a place much like this , only different .
the first order of business was to seal the breach in lynches shielding that had allowed morphy to sneak into the house in the first place .
a name was a fixed person and what stood in front of him now was a fixed place in a specific moment in constant replay .
as though he was slipping away , into a dream , into a place full of white sheets and the heady aroma of a roasted steak .
i did n't feel it was my place to tell them what to do or how to do it .
not much place for that left in this world , but good to see it ai nt gone completely .
something deep in their makeup caused them to go , to seek , to find a new place .
he felt hopeful and was nt entirely sure what had been squeezing his nuts in the first place .
his new life was no place for a human .
as the legend goes , they are either lost souls or souls so evil that they have no place in either heaven or hell .
during the day we act like everything 's fine , because i do n't think either of us wants to admit that eventually there will only be a place for one survivor .
` ` i ' m sure you honestly feel that you 're helping them ... and it 's not my place to judge you . ''
he begged of the ship , his gruff baritone voice strangely out of place in his seemingly adolescent frame .
a project that was began long ago by the dwarves , the keepers ' crypt was the resting place of all those who guarded the seventh world before him .
the air of the room that by now seemed an ancient sacred place , as if you / he / she was found inside an egyptian pyramid , really where the mummy of the faraone was deposed together with its treasures and to the utensils that would have served him in the other life , it was vivacizzata from a pregiatissimo odor of musk and amber .
there were some redwoods that for hundreds of years you / they had resided in that eternal place and what time they inexorably saw extinguished their future .
it was it deprives of ocular bulbs and their place he / she was vacant , without not even the eyelids to cover that two black holes that seemed to lean out on a tenebrous abyss .
she tried to say something to make the statement less bitter , but she could only find words that would have been out of place .
and to teach muttonbird her place in the order of things so that she would never , ever forget .
the nest is that place of the mind where the visions are born , they grow , they nourish him and they attend .
in once without time , in a place without dimensions , imprisoned of his / her unconscious , angel howled to his / her self to wake up himself / herself / themselves , while on top of a mountain he saw under of itself an expanse of candid clouds .
paul walked in behind her , and even the sound of his boots clopping on the floor was out of place .
rachel and stephen were a different class of people from herself and paul , and she felt incredibly out of place when with them .
1964 castle of blood directed by antonio margheriti written by jean grimaud , sergio corbucci based on the story danse macabre by edgar allen poe tagline the living and the dead change places in an orgy of terror !
plot synopsis known as the godfather of gore , italian filmmaker fulci does nt have the stylish polish of a dario argento or the suspenseful creepiness of a mario bava , but he holds his own and is certainly deserving of a place in , at least , the cult - classic chronicles .
it will be a religious service , but there will also be an open discussion about the future of this community and our places in it .
- their skin is gnarled confusion , bruised and ripped in , revolution , used then , to state the place that anger takes , they , - faces blistered , fused and twisted , lose the reasons they resisted , and regret , and lament their hard and wicked visit - they left a scar where they existed .
wearing his long handles under the tabard again , looking like he was about to tell them that armageddon had no place for sitting or laughing or pipe - smoking , he said , forgive me for intruding .
it was their place to feed before bringing kills to the prides tree .
you of all people should know that luck is what the working classes pitifully believe will help them win the lottery , so called luck my friend has no place in modern warfare , never has by god and never will .
then , and only then , will we have our redemption , and our rightful place in the netherworld , where we shall live free of curse and torment for time eternal among our own kindred beings .
statue after statue - all of me - all , in their way , out of place in this world .
her face has lost its place in reality for me ; i see her now like a curled photograph discovered in some lost attic trunk .
not that he d ever needed to be anything in the first place .
he must ve said that a hundred times in the last month , always with that faraway , dreamy look in his eyes that is so out of place on his inhuman face .
hollis had gotten some heat for dating her in the first place .
maybe i want to know why he wanted to kill you in the first place .
it looked out of place next to the stained carpet and the old couches .
shed been forcibly mated to hollis moore , which had severed her connection to cole randall , the werewolf serial killer who d done all of this to her in the first place .
so many decades had come and gone , so many compromises had worn away his confidence and freedom , since that day when he had wandered along the canal to that vague , far - off place .
he said , ' then i beg you , father , that you send him , ' speaking of lazarus , ' to my father 's house , for i have five brothers that he may warn them lest they also come to this place of torment . '
but the more he was shown , the more he was seeing why he was sent to hell in the first place .
but i never knew why they were made in the first place until i met zeke .
he sadly avoided the hand - caught - in - lift - door - as - it - rises bloodbath i 'd hoped to see take place .
the regular zombies hung back like a fearful pack who knew their place in the food chain , ambling along in a predator 's wake with hopes of stealing scraps .
because of this , nicola knew she would never hold a special place in his heart just a place among all the others .
because of this , nicola knew she would never hold a special place in his heart just a place among all the others .
the sanctum was the place of the worst torture .
` ` i ' m exhausted and my emotions are all over the place . ''
in the end , however , they could n't really help thinking of it as their own place .
memories clicked into place .
there s a special place for you within one of the regions , if not all of them .
the daily kisses and intermittent phone calls that were common place for years in their marriage were gone .
i had to somehow get him to understand his place in the world was the graveyard now that he was dearly departed .
in the dream , when i realized i was with child , i snapped , a mother bears ferocity coming from a place i never knew existed within me .
there was no place for that , not anymore .
to be honest , i was nt even sure what it was and i did nt know what possessed her to pick it up in the first place .
her thoughts were all over the place , and i realized i needed to keep her focused .
all this organization is trying to do is find a place for zombies within our society .
she went down into the kitchen and busied herself with making coffee , thinking about tasks she had to take care of later in the day , seeing rachel , work she had to do the following week anything normal to occupy her thoughts ; but every thought turned and went down the same path , to a dark place where men with blood - stained faces fed on a creature that could nt exist .
he refused to go any further than the substance of his ordinary world ; anything he could nt see , touch or hear for himself had no place in his reality and no amount of talking would change that .
the woman had changed places with her and made her a witness to the massacre it was happening again so she could see .
kara shrank back in convulsions , and froze as a dull light in the distance advanced towards her , followed by another , and then another ; with their approach , suffusing and lightening the details in her surroundings , uncovering a place that should nt have been familiar but was it was the place she had visited in her nightmares ; a rock - hewn , large , circular open space with a tunnel ahead , feeding the light , and a tunnel on either side of her .
kara shrank back in convulsions , and froze as a dull light in the distance advanced towards her , followed by another , and then another ; with their approach , suffusing and lightening the details in her surroundings , uncovering a place that should nt have been familiar but was it was the place she had visited in her nightmares ; a rock - hewn , large , circular open space with a tunnel ahead , feeding the light , and a tunnel on either side of her .
swaying where he stood , his mind all over the place as it struggled to absorb what had happened , he jerked his head back .
despite his previous display of alpha - male aggression , the big man actually drew back from his men , the mistreated look , so out of place on such a large and sun - dried face , returning to his eyes .
around him in the clearing , he heard the thud of shovels , the mutter of chit - chat , the wet slap of sweat - wipe dabbing at his face , the dull shushing of calf - muscles on sand as the last of the dead were dragged by the arms to their final resting place in the ground .
perhaps this could find its place on my mantle .
whatever rested beneath this cursed place was awake once again , and hungry .
he could feel the secure place behind the walls , but just as a smile of relief spread across his face everything came tumbling down .
just out for a ride , patrolling the town and decided to include your place in my zone .
like it was out of place .
the voice seemed familiar but out of place on the monster .
this was the place of my dream .
oh , they are sent to the place of chains with locks and guards .
how come he has not been sent to this place of chains ?
he has not been sent because he created a place for himself in the physical world before he died .
and the man who did that has since been sent to that place of chains and darkness .
the place of chains is a dark , awful place that scares most of us to even think about .
the place of chains is a dark , awful place that scares most of us to even think about .
break one and you were banished to the place of chains .
i emphasized the place of chains to give more weight to my threat .
marcie had said those in the other planes feared the place of chains .
i get to the creator of life as soon as i can and report your deal breaking actions and you lose everything as well as ending up in the place of chains the next time you poke your head out of here .
i have my place in the scheme of things and can not become the evil that balances out the good .
the spirit would ascend or descend to its proper place and remain there until they are to be reborn and i always thought vampires had no soul .
whose place is that ?
i have to remind myself that he had a hand in spreading the rumours in the first place .
it is not my place to tell you that .
then whose place is it ?
at death , every human of this plane gets to choose their destination unless they have been wicked and are already earmarked for the place of chains .
it will seem like they come and give you a long time to decide , but it actually takes place in less than the span of a human breath .
he did have a soft place in his heart for enrico and juan .
that was one of the things that had attracted her to him in the first place .
any other thought was a foreign intrusion that had no place in her world .
bear up under it and achieve a place where others wo n't come .
this was her place , under her control .
real love , in the full presence of the creator of life blossoms like a giant flower that will not be denied its place in the sun .
obviously she was looking for a way to get him to continue the idea of fixing the evils of the world that had gotten her dead in the first place .
you may have killed the physical woman , but the place she went to received her blood and water and spirit energy with a wonderful welcome .
if you are not careful , you can fall into their place , even as you look around in it .
her transportation from her place in the physical plane to his place was exhausting .
he had almost killed john last time except for some quick thinking and mentally outmaneuvering him by forcing him to break a deal which is tantamount to asking to be sent to the place of chains in the spiritual planes .
with hideous calm , the larger teen turned to his terrified companion and said we have some burying to do chuck neigless then saw for the first time the dead place behind his long time friends eyes ; a place that remained hidden , but only just .
with hideous calm , the larger teen turned to his terrified companion and said we have some burying to do chuck neigless then saw for the first time the dead place behind his long time friends eyes ; a place that remained hidden , but only just .
shuddering at the horror of that place , was it purgatory ?
` ` i want that there is a place for people like hitler , people like ... you know , the evil fucking bastards of the world .
i looked at my reddened hands , the hands that could heal them , and the blood on them seemed out of place .
it was here in the real world of those who spent their lives on boats that they had found their place .
lets just say , she had no place looking down her pretty little nose at me but that did nt stop her .
delia patiently sat in her chair as lucy tried to shake off the effects of the head wound which had left her unconscious in the first place .
if he thought he , a mere child , was gaining entrance to the sacred resting place of founder paines precious collection !
they demanded to know what was taking place on the other side .
edwin o'malleys voice sounded out of place to lucinda 's ears .
it was not my place to mention such a thing to him , however .
it 's not my place to comment on my employer 's choices .
someone pulled me from the pit , and i let go , slipping into the cold emptiness of myselfa place that was never far from my reacha place where nothing mattered , nothing existed but the darkness and me .
but there did nt appear to be anything out of place , nor was there sign of a break in .
the castle itself was a place he had seen from a distance but never been to .
the shadowy shop appears out of place next to its modern neighbors , itself a vestige of lost americana , a business with a barely perceptible heartbeat , much like the patrons who visit it from time to time ( old folks mostly , themselves also of museum quality ) .
it seemed out of place in this discussion , irrelevant .
a subliminal understanding took place between them , each aware that a lie of omission had just been spoken , and that an underlying truth had yet to be discovered .
it was the stolid silence that had hold of his attention , that dead quiet which was quite out of place in an organization of strict rituals .
and angelo did nt know which was worse : the fact that someone had come up with the sick idea in the first place , or the fact that it had worked .
there was a deal in place , but someone made a very fatal mistake , fatal for all of us .
he drifted back to the oft - visited place inside his mind , between the warmth of the fire and the warmth of his cooked fish .
was all this taking place inside his mind ?
but , not my place to question .
i need you to acknowledge that there is another way , a higher calling to our place on this earth .
he wore a one - piece frock thing , in brown and gold , belted at the waist , but something just looked out of place .
there was information about the people ernie treated , their records and their place within the vast scheme of the military organisation .
it is better to be a slave in the vampires coven , than a vampire yourself , sister oana stirringly began , for all of you here , i tell you , your place in the afterlife is secure , so long as you continue to be virtuous and to seek forgiveness for your sins .
something just felt out of place .
unaccustomed to such violence , the sleepy town of bludenhale which sits comfortably in south central indiana , has had its share of the usual petty crime throughout the years , but never has the community been subjected to the violence and quite frankly the absolute horrendous bloodshed that took place in this garage twenty years ago .
she covered her mouth trying not to scream , even though she knew it was another visit from her dark world ; a horrid and frightening place where that witches bell rung loud and long .
but it was their place .
it was nt out of place for amy to smoke in front of her grandparents or cuss or drink coffee with them in the morning .
he experienced the same pleasure in watching his theory fall into place as he did when he was performing symbolic logic derivations .
i did nt know what to do with my thoughts because they were all over the place .
terrill knew that this was one of the reasons the council of vampires had been created in the first place .
you re not just going to tell me where this place is , marc ; you re going to show me .
until a transition can take place , he can be a figurehead .
at first , that had been equally confusing , but then he d found the rules of vampire , and everything had fallen into place : rule 1 .
no , my place is here .
this place seemed real but it had to be in his head .
our world is an imperfect place , costas went on .
23 slowly tom became aware , first of his body , and then of its place in the world .
these fallen angels want you to open de door because dey want to escape their prison ; a place that drains their power and keeps dem weak .
the idea that there was nothing here , absolutely nothing , had no place in his mind .
the halls of the factory were abandoned a long time ago , but life finds its hiding place everywhere and so do the dead .
its just that i get so lonely and feel so out of place everywhere i go and with everyone i meet .
where was the place in the puzzle ?
fear had no place here .
why had i been so attracted to this stupid well in the first place ?
the world was a rational , physical , completely natural place , and anything to suggest otherwise was just silly old superstition .
some of the pieces were beginning to settle into place for me , but for every so - called answer , i had about twenty new questions .
the coroner came and went as did the undertaker and his macabre entourage and meeta was alone , captive to a haunted place .
or had never known existed in the first place , she realized now as she looked around , suddenly glad the impala had a big empty trunk .
just a tiny little sliver , something she really had had no right seeing in the first place , but there it was all the same .
he d called her his little zombie when her mother had not been around and as shed gotten older and his memory had receded to a comfortable place in her mind , shed thought of this moniker as a well - intentioned play on her personality .
so much of her life took place back there , behind that closed door .
that had been a good thing , a thing that gave it a nice little safe place in his mind .
he d been gutting it out lately , trying to plow through the impossibility of his thoughts to some safe place , but as each day passed he felt that figment of a place receding into some lost darkness .
all right , the now - hesitant voice said from its place in the sane world .
everything here nothing but a dead echo , and patsy could not ascertain whether she meant the place behind the glass or the world itself .
odd , really , that such pains would take place to set plans into action , and then be foiled by one womans infertility .
she began to run forward , charging towards the three , and as she did a strange transformation began to take place .
lucys distressed voice came bellowing from some unknown place .
tenzin sprinkled salt from the shaker into the pot , you know , in buddhism there is nt a hell i mean we had this place called naraka , but it was nt a place of punishment .
this place , although still within her mind , was grounded in reality .
some unusual movement took place above her head and she looked up .
it seemed to all fall into place with dad looking for an obscure place to do research and mom getting a transfer .
when they killed emily and hank , we should ve known they d be coming after us for not following them in the first place but they were wrong , roscoe , asserted toby , no longer the lone voice of reason .
freddy found his freedom within that first hunt , his place in the night woods , where his hauntings would continue , and those who wandered the dark forest were lost and never heard from again .
she seemed out of place , not only because she was alive .
she dressed looking at the wall gallery , pride of place went to rubens ' ' the mantuan circle of friends ' , it caused her to pause , friends ... she sneered at the concept , ...
sentiments had no place in business .
five years had passed since xavier and his alexis secured a place in the new millennium for their people .
he felt out of place around so much royalty .
instead , the police show up at their door and tell them that those sweet , little old people are just more victims of what takes place during this cursed season .
their paths would cross , solidifying their place in history .
but he himself was a father and did nt approve of the abuses that took place under the state run facilities .
an ongoing situation was taking place that church and local officials neglected to inform him of .
the meeting took place in the church office .
he explained that he had a purpose because of what took place during his trip to eastern europe .
chapter fifteen laythan rode his steed to the entrance of the place all the others feared .
then again , what do you expect , this is the place of the living dead .
they prayed that nothing like the events that took place in ostrava would take place in germany .
what happened to you took place because you were with me .
near the end , a signal from laythans eternal place in the sun answered his descendents .
she truly felt she was giving her students the other side of the story of religion and its place in history .
well , i admit you always did seem out of place here .
ill take his place in hell , but forgive him .
that place should be given to someone , who values beauty you know one of these days you are going to get into serious trouble , vijay .
funk has a really special place here in the whatever hell this is .
a little hitch in their step here or there , a wavering foot in the middle of a turn , hell , it was these little things that made me okay with walking around in the first place .
many of his questions seemed highly out of place to his visitor , especially those which tried to connect the latter with strange cults or societies ; and wilcox could not understand the repeated promises of silence which he was offered in exchange for an admission of membership in some widespread mystical or paganly religious body .
at any rate , here was a place unpolluted by men , kept clean by the winds from coarsening human influences , a place where spiritual agencies were within reach and aggressive .
i could not think that this earth contained a place for sufferings and terrors so unmanning ; and you can do but one thing , utterson , to lighten this destiny , and that is to respect my silence . ''
but you and i , at all events , have known something of the terror that may dwell in the secret place of life , manifested under human flesh ; that which is without form taking to itself a form .
` ` from beyond : h. p. lovecraft and the place of horror . ''
as he searched out my hunting grounds for the evening , he had come across another who seemed out of place in the back streets of the cobb 's creek neighborhood .
the murmuring of the crowd and the smell of decay , oil , and ozone put him in a comforting place .
they felt out of place in such a building .
once he started questioning his past and his place in the deadlands , i knew that i might have to give them back .
he seemed out of place in these surroundings ; the only african american in the bar , dressed like he was going to a black - tie gala affair .
` ` big red just holds a special place in my heart , that 's all .
she did nt seem to really see me , but looked through my eyes , right through my head and out to some place far past me .
the sky was clear , dotted with stars glittering like they wanted to say hi , making me feel the world is a welcoming place .
he was sorry , but there was no place for any of the rest of us in the group .
a giant plastic santa claus christmas decoration peeked out of a pile of shingles with a jolly expression on his face that seemed oddly out of place as the flames steadily crept toward him .
the two cooks came over and stood beside isabella listening to the apparent fight taking place over the speaker .
some places become tainted over time .
` ` hell is a place inside you ... '' step ... ` ` the end of time is a razor 's edge ... '' echo ... step ... echo ... chariah chose a hallway and ran down it at full speed .
no more than a blind , legless , bloody piece of meat , she wriggled and squirmed her way to hell like a grub , denigrated and mutilated , to finally take her place in the afterlife .
when he met her everything had fallen into place .
and all these things took place on a saturday morning in june : haughty , newlywed wives ; bitter , resentful and haggard moms ; and women like amber who pranced about the store while silently begging for attention .
i was just looking for my place .
nothing was out of place and no one was there .
it could nt be the counterfeit shriek of the rock star mimicking pathetic rage to keep the fans happy and keep their coveted place on the charts .
suddenly i remembered why i had come to the bookstore in the first place .
i followed her out and we began our meandering path to a place which , by the end of my whole long ordeal , would become for me something i could never have imagined if i had wanted .
i wondered at the place such stories occupied in the human psyche .
as the bottom of my foot connected with his stomach i prayed it would have some kind of effect in that strange dreamlike place .
i shook it off and then remembered why we had come to the bookstore in the first place .
it felt like something important was missing or out of place .
then the hand shook me a little and my lucid mind returned from the foggy place it had been hiding for almost an hour .
there was blame to place but it did not belong to me .
if he were nt such a nice guy and a hard worker , he would have wondered why his sister had ever bothered to marry him in the first place .
now they were doing the kind of work that they had been intended to do in the first place .
an island of life in a sea of death , a sea that was trying its best to flood the island and all of its inhabitants , to scour them away as if they never had been in the first place .
his face held an expression that was completely out of place on this bastard child of pan and loki .
the stars were appearing one at a time , blinking into existence and taking their place in the deepening sky .
why had she left in the first place ?
though it had been annoying on more than one occasion , jane wished she could go back to that place of annoyancesimple annoyance , simple , zombie - free annoyance .
i simply helped him find his place in the zombie apocalypse , and simultaneously secured our own safety .
there was a well in the side yard and i started to pray that there would be water in it.this place looked completely out of place in this nightmare landscape of scorched sky and toxic grass .
then , we left to go to the red river so i could go into the tunnel there that led to this place .
all healing that had taken place while i had been in the psychiatric wing disappeared .
that there was a magical place where angels flocked and devils mocked .
i ' m no dream analyst but i think this is my vision of death ; those huge birds with sharp talons carrying me off to some horrible place .
prison rumors about the magic place below .
` ` so this place that kyle thinks sar told seth about , do you think it really exists ? ''
sometimes i have my dream with the birds carrying me off to the dark place and the birds all have kyle roberts ' face . ''
maybe tonight he 'd find sar 's secret place at last .
paradise is n't a place ; it is being loved and loving , and you can never truly know when and where you might find it .
it was her inner sanctum , not his : the place she retreated to after they argued ; the place she felt comfortable within .
it was her inner sanctum , not his : the place she retreated to after they argued ; the place she felt comfortable within .
i laughed , and the sound seemed oddly out of place .
it was another of those norman rockwell moments that would seem so out of place anywhere else , but so perfectly normal here in corydon .
now for the bigger question , his place or josh 's ?
` ` if you wanted help stopping then why did n't you get it in the first place ? ''
he thought that humans had their place in the universe and something had to create , commandeer , and look after everyone and everything .
i never told anyone this before bill , i felt it was not my place to talk about a friends personal feelings but now , under the circumstances , i will tell you what made pete dislike guns so much . ''
` ` i was crazy to get mixed up with you in the first place . ''
he had picked up some ground this afternoon '' some of the set theory that had stumped him so badly just before the christmas break had fallen into place with an almost audible click '' but it was impossible to think he could pick up enough to scrape through next week 's algebra test with even a d. it was five weeks until the end of the world .
any distraction will break it up until the actual hypnosis takes place . ''
elizabeth has n't a place in the world to go .
everyone has to have a secret place in his mind .
what it 's accepted as meaning is simply this : the mental function by which paranormal cognition takes place . ''
we 're the biggest pair of lunks in our school , which is what drew us to each other in the first place .
and there are loads of important places in egypt today - burial chambers and the like - which are covered up .
bill - e and loch are more convinced than ever that we ' ve unearthed the final resting place of lord sheftree 's buried treasure .
at first , i ' m so distraught i do n't understand why that should be so strange , why it strikes me as being out of place .
the sound was one of those utterly contented noises that have no spelling , no place in a dictionary , but they are often the sounds that say more than any full word just how happy we are .
then the world was eerily and completely silent , waiting for the dark to give place to the day .
not your place , not your time .
it might have had a place in the old world , but it had none here .
he seemed to gather himself , or perhaps he was only finding his place .
` ` might as well ask why they let us live in the first place , '' tom said .
i could tell , just looking at him , that whenever leigh smiled at him that way , christine was the farthest thing from his mind ; she was demoted back to her proper place as an it , a means of transportation .
he may be fined , and the judge will probably lecture him , but nobody wants to put an indelible black mark on the record of a nice young suburban white boy who is bound for college and a fruitful place in society . '
she said it was as if she were no longer on earth but on a different planet , a place so alien that the human mind could not even begin to comprehend it .
peter walked to the driver 's door of the car , wondering why he and mary had been so afraid in the first place .
professor krayzee had yielded his place of honor in her heart to the motokops ( especially cassie styles and the handsome colonel henry ) over the last year or so , but the old prof still seemed like the right answer to david .
it was as if sex and murder had somehow changed places in this horrible little town .
the lizard which usually kept its place on the back wall of her brain suddenly leaped forward , chirping in terror .
stereo terry now ; she had a place in his head , and she also had a place on the wall under you must wear a hardhat .
stereo terry now ; she had a place in his head , and she also had a place on the wall under you must wear a hardhat .
is this - ' ' my place ?
because long before the grayboys knew there was such a place as earth tucked away in this dusty and seldom - visited carrel of the great interstellar library , there had been a little thing called instinct , the specialty of uniform - wearing homo saps such as himself .
of course , it would be mel - and that was when i saw them , threading their way through the crowd of artistic gawkers , looking very northern and out of place amid the tans .
` ` i should have trusted you in the first place , '' she said , and jack went out .
i looked at him sitting there , holding the letter on his lap , and thought that he looked like a boy who has been denied a place in the college of his choice instead of being offered a fat scholarship incentive to go there .
not just denied a place in college , maybe , but in life itself .
he dropped his newspaper on the desk ( he never would have been allowed to take it out of the desk drawer in the first place , if the boss had n't been overtown paying for his sweet tooth ) and got up just as the roadmaster 's driver opened his door on the far side of the pumps and got out .
this was followed by a pause ( long enough , he told sandy later , for him to think he 'd imagined the sound in the first place ) and then there was a second thud .
yes , that was clear enough , but how a thing of such size could ever have fit into the closed trunk of the buick in the first place was beyond both of them .
' this stuff comes from a place we ca n't even begin to comprehend , ' curt said .
i deny its place .
the neidermeyers had a float equipped with a diving platform , and it was there that jessie began to develop the form which won her a place first on her high school swim - team and then on the all - state team in 1971 - what she remembered second - best about diving from the board on the neidermeyers '' float ( first - for then and for always - was the swoop through the hot summer air toward the blue glitter of the waiting water ) was how it felt to come up from the depths , through conflicting layers of warm and cold .
for one confused moment she was convinced that time had whiplashed , flinging her to a place that was neither dark score nor kashwakamak but some other place entirely , a place that was on the ocean rather than any inland lake .
for one confused moment she was convinced that time had whiplashed , flinging her to a place that was neither dark score nor kashwakamak but some other place entirely , a place that was on the ocean rather than any inland lake .
for one confused moment she was convinced that time had whiplashed , flinging her to a place that was neither dark score nor kashwakamak but some other place entirely , a place that was on the ocean rather than any inland lake .
she was busy ignoring the jangle of angry , perplexed voices , and wondering just who had let all these weird people into her head in the first place .
if her mother had told her , trisha no longer remembered , but she did n't think her mother had told her in the first place .
` ` you dreamed we came to this place . ''
bathed with light , the great hall was another place entirely .
perhaps , someday , the reversor would occupy a place of honor in the smithsonian institution .
no , there were still a good many years ahead before parapsychology was conceded its rightful place beside the other natural sciences .
` ` it is not my place to speak for our queen .
` ` if my prince wishes to discipline him , it is not my place to interfere . ''
i felt it click into place , and i felt something else stir .
if not , how come there 's that cold place on the couch between your mother and father ?
a male cardinal would be hard to mistake for something else - it was as red as a fire - engine , if not so large - but stan was a creature of habit and convention ; these things comforted him and reinforced his sense of place and belonging in the world .
he suddenly understood that death was in this place with him , that death was coming for him out of the dark and he could not run .
her sister , my aunt jean , was a miserly bitch who had to keep telling you what your place in the great scheme of things was , how lucky we were that my mom had a sister who could give us charity , how lucky we were not to be on welfare , all that sort of thing .
i think each of us ought to go back to the place in derry he or she remembers best ... outside the barrens , that is .
your mind kept coming back to it , pawing it lightly like a kitten with a ball of string ... until eventually , of course , you either went crazy or got to a place where it was impossible for you to function .
this thought was followed by another , one she suspected her friend beverly must have had more than once , that the worst of the beating took place inside , where you were apt to suffer something that might be called interspiritual bleeding .
they- and suddenly something else clicks into place , something new : it clicks into place with such firm force that he actually puts his hands to his ears .
they- and suddenly something else clicks into place , something new : it clicks into place with such firm force that he actually puts his hands to his ears .
but parents know better than their children ; the reason god made parents in the first place was to guide , instruct ... and protect .
now do you think that would have happened if you 'd listened to me and stayed away from them in the first place ? ''
where 's the place for me in any of that ?
where would my place be in a life like that ?
that clicked reality into place .
but also quite bizarre , deserves a place in ripley 's believe it or not , that 's what i think , happened right around the same time you had that writer 's block , you must have felt him go , little buddy i do n't believe that , either coh you 'll believe ... you 'll see .
they have to be talked into it , this essential human link between the world and the infinite , the only place where the bloodstream touches eternity .
i ' m almost done with this diary now - and i suppose a diary is all that it will ever be , and that the story of derry 's old scandals and eccentricities has no place outside these pages .
` ` the world 's a confusing place , '' dervish says .
` ` what - ` ` he tried to shrink away from her , but there was no place to go .
she would have been forced to acknowledge one of those lines leading to a place beyond her control .
they were all in league against her , they could get the number if they wanted , probably the lawyers who had been against her would be glad to pass it out to anyone who asked for it , and people would ask , oh yes - for she would see the world as a dark place full of moving human masses like seas , a malevolent universe surrounding a single small stage upon which a single savagely bright pinspot illuminated ... only her .
but when he came out he had looked almost cheerful , and there was nothing faulty about this recollection , geoffrey felt sure - that expression was too out of place in that room of grief and tears , a room where mrs . ramage had already hung the black funerary curtains .
and as hope of finding kushner alive began to fade , questions about why he had been out there alone in the first place began to grow louder - and while paul doubted if the state of colorado had money enough to finance a buddy system for its vehicle police , they were obviously combing the area for kushner in pairs .
he suspected that pete jerzyck would have a lot less anxiety if he never left the office at all , but of course it was not his place to say so .
it was the first time he 'd grinned in weeks , and the expression felt strange and out of place .
his voice seemed to be coming to him from some other place .
and none of that explains why it 's so hard ; none of that even explains why i told him the lies in the first place .
` ` polly , it 's not my place to tell you your business , but i just ca n't keep quiet any longer .
it was not friendly now ; it was cold and it was commanding and it came from a place deep in the center of her brain .
she thanked god that mr . gaunt 's voice had spoken to her in the nick of time , forgetting that mr . gaunt was the reason she had been in buster 's home in the first place .
scarlet 's smile seemed so out of place for the discussion , but i was waiting for joey 's reaction .
now that we were alone , and he was half nak*d , i fought to recall why i was angry in the first place .
the eight of us had carved a place there , and we were more than surviving .
maybe they were a couple of buck - running paternalistic bastards , but they had a sense of place , vinnie .
during the next day 's enforced bout with sobriety , he had torn the prospective monograph to shreds and burned the cartoon - there was no place in catholic doctrine for either , unless you wanted to add a helicopter labeled ' christ ' that was dangling a rope ladder .
it looked strange and out of place in the hospital room .
they were all lying in the dark shadows of ancient trees that had been the visualization for my inner place since a certain very ancient vampire had messed with me .
i tried one more time to explain how precious our time was , as we waited for yet another team member to get into some distant place .
there was not a thing out of place .
everything had suddenly clicked into place and he had stared at the picture with fearful wonder , unable to believe he had missed it .
he could begin to sympathize with his father the thing he 'd never asked himself , jack realized now , was exactly what had driven his daddy to drink in the first place .
it all gave nick a sense of place .
he rarely had out - and - out nightmares , but more and more often lately they were ominous , giving him the feeling that no one in them was exactly as they seemed , and that the normal world had skewed into a place where babies were sacrificed behind closed blinds and stupendous black machines roared on and on in locked basements .
there was a new dimension to the world he had never missed because he had never experienced it , and now it had fallen into place .
her place was not to judge god , although she wished he had n't seen fit to set the cup before her lips that he had .
she was like a dinosaur which had no business still wearing its flesh over its bones , a thing whose proper place was in a museum ( or a graveyard ) .
a kind of metamorphosis had taken place , a feeling that she should , must wait .
her business she thought rather complacently in her rocker , her place in their councils and deliberations had only to do with the dark man .
murder was the theft of a life , adultery the theft of a wife , covetousness the secret , slinking theft that took place in the cave of the heart .
she heard the old woman raise her voice to god , but her tone was weak and whining , a petulant voice , not begging humbly that god 's will be done , whatever her place in that will 's scheme of things might be , but demanding that god save her so she could finish the work ... her work ... as if she knew the mind of god and could suborn his will to hers .
my sin has been pride , and he wants me to find my place in his work again .
she did n't know if harold was the sort of man she had hypothesized - not yet , not for sure - but she knew in her heart that there was a place for people like that now .
that displayed a slightly different aspect of harold 's view of society and his place in it ... maybe .
some uproar from the committee , also profanity which , while colorful , does not have any place in this record .
and when there are enough outsiders together in one place , a mystic osmosis takes place and you 're inside .
she said she 'd been wondering what her place in the zone was , and guessed that her place in the zone was out of it .
she said she 'd been wondering what her place in the zone was , and guessed that her place in the zone was out of it .
` ` it 's not my place to argue with you , or convince , but only to put you in the way of understanding god 's plan for you .
his special sense had led him to this place , but he had known it was here all along .
the terror of being unable to make the simple leap of faith which is the place where any artist - singer , writer , painter , musician - begins .
( if jack had been older , and had he had an occasion to care , he might have done the necessary subtraction and discovered that the alhambra had been the place of his essential beginning . )
the thought of getting stuck there , in that mystical other place , while his mother was sick and sloat - beset back here , was awful .
it came to him that his mother had brought him to a place very like the end of the world .
he would come back here to finish teaching jack what his place was in the great scheme of things .
' he made himself a place in this world , my father says .
that had been after the partner of jack 's father had ' made himself a place in this world , ' wolf told jack again and again - only now he seemed to mean sloat , in the physical guise of orris .
wolf dropped his voice and , with an expression of fear and superstitious awe on his face , told jack that the ' limping man ' had taken some of these wolfs into the other world , the place of the strangers , and had taught them to eat of the herd .
he made himself a place in this world .
made himself a place in this world .
' is there any place for the evildoer here in the sunlight home ?
and this noble being , so out of place in this world , had died for him .
beyond here , he said , the world became a monstrous place .
on that day - which seemed to have taken place in prehistory , so far must he look back - the crowds before the pavillion , the entire scene , had in spite of all an undeniable aura of peace , of order .
he would come back ; he was single - natured , and he did not believe it was possible for such a person to become lost , because he had a place in all of these worlds .
' sparrows and their place in the invisible world .
their job is to guide newly dead souls to their proper place in the afterlife .
is there a place for me in your plans ?
it was not her place to ask , but sarah could not help it .
he looked out of place in the banker 's office , somehow , as if at any moment he might rise to his feet and begin an aimless , destructive charge around the room , knocking over furniture , sweeping the expensively framed remington prints to the floor , pulling the drapes from their rods .
he had come out of that corridor and into this bright placental place .
he can bring in new rats , but it 's not his place to bring in new lions , '' i said .
not my place to share , so i let it go .
ghosts themselves , following herds that crossed the short - wire grass like the great clouds which cover the prairie with their shadows ; the clouds remain but the great herds are gone ... and so are the buffalo soldiers , madmen from wastes that had as yet never known a fence , men who came striding out of nowhere and went striding back into that same place , men with buffalo - hide moccasins on their feet and bones clicking about their necks ; ghosts out of time , out of a place that existed just before the whole country began to bleed .
he could just offhand think of a dozen accidents , most of them shootings , which had taken place in big injun woods , a dozen hunters who had been lugged out bleeding and cursing , bleeding and unconscious , or just plain dead .
if he was right , this was a kind of freak - show parthenogenesis whose proper place was under tawdry carnival lights and in cheap tabloids , not in undying myths or religious creeds .
it looked out of place in the middle of that yegg 's face .
she crossed her toes inside her low - topped sneakers and squeezed them as hard as she could , concentrating on the sensation , using it in an effort to draw herself back to reality and away from that too - bright place she knew was the threshold of a faint .
things in the house began to seem subtly out of place , as if unfamiliar hands had been moving them around .
and joe had discovered it was impossible to stand aloof from cujo ; as he grew ( and he grew damned fast , developing into exactly the sort of eating machine joe had foreseen ) , he simply took his place in the camber family .
mike wanted to shoot cole in the head , and regretted like crazy saving the bastard in the first place .
the running lights on the train penetrate just barely into the scrub as they pass by it , a scrim of weeds and thorns from which , every so often , she can see the pale faces of the dead watching her progress , as though these rails lead directly to a grim asphodel meadow where the host of the haunted give guidance and pay meet respect to these pilgrims from another place .
for the breezes that blow and for the rainwater drying in the gutters , for maury to find a place of safety in the world , for malcolm to come back from the dead and ask her about birds and jets .
the answer , he feels , might tell him a great deal about himself and his place in the world .
on the great scale of academic excellence , its place resided just a little south of mediocre .
she looked about her immaculate home , with the capo demonte and cut crystal , and knew it had no place there .
sandra northgate was certain the ugly had no place in her home .
i ' m mostly doing things i hate , in a place that might as well be in the ussr .
it looks as if there is another place , behind this strange prison , showing fragments of its contents as the light pokes through the changing gaps in the forest of reality .
its some place outside of time , and its no place at all .
its some place outside of time , and its no place at all .
for all i ' ve borne witness to in the last half an hour , though , i might not be so surprised if this were a place filled with things from the future .
maybe it 's some place outside of time .
this is the place beyond the precipice over which dreams strain to peer .
but really , there is no place for it .
after that kind of dick - shitter , happen he 'll get to figurin on what kind of place the world really is , and how if he 's ever gon na make it better for himself , he 's got to get some grit and gumption .
when i left this place for the first time - this so - called telstar - it was still in control of the illusion that was me .
ai n't hardly crazy to think i ' ve been dead ever since i got here , circling around forever in some place outside of time , where i get to be whatever i feel is befitting of me .
at natural settings where wild animalstheres a place the nature conservancy has over at aravaipa .
the tables on the restaurant patio stood close together , and at every table , the brunchers were brunching furiously , enjoying themselves , their money , their place in the world .
jakob flint , from fool to king was one of my very first books and still holds a special place in my heart .
the smoke represents peacefulness arising from this candle and slowly making its way to the sky , the place of the spirits .
now i intended to enlighten him on my theories regarding the wisdom of not bearing a grudge and also my philosophy on it not being my place to judge and oh thank you so much , will .
i doubted a shooting would actually take place because jasper did nt look as if he had the gumption to lift a shotgun but , maybe , someone might get arrested .
he might have been a wealthy man many times over except he always had a soft place in his heart for those folks who were getting run over by the judicial system or big business for lack of money .
therefore , if we humans insist upon living in a world where ones place is defined by skin color , then so - called white people need to understand that they are a very weak shade of tan resulting from an unequal mixture of the three primary colors that ultimately make up the color black .
millions of owners are beginning to walk away from mortgages they never should have gotten involved with in the first place .
it was easy to see that every flower had its place and all the colors came together expertly .
there will always be a special place in my heart for englands capital city and i wo nt rule out moving there again .
the image of old man abernathy rising from his grave to resume his place among them was more than anyone would care to contemplate .
this is the place of my song - dream , the place the music played to me , whispered the rat , as if in a trance .
zeke felt out of place as he watched timothy place his arm around her shoulder in a proud stance .
zeke tried to comprehend what she was saying , but her mind was still in another place .
rebecca wished he would can the role model talk , it did n't have a place right now .
its great that shari is on the path to success , but maybe we could figure out a real place for her ?
` ` zeke 's place is flying . ''
profanity has no place in lost secret , zeke insisted .
i will eat , drink , rescue , play and share a place with someone who wo nt even tell me for sure whether she is bringing harmful influences or not to lost secret .
death had taken him , emptied and assessed him , read his envelope and posted him , a mailing of his soul to this intermediate place where many questions were asked ( not least of which , why ? )
a chasm of stars superfluous , having no place in any sky , filled him with dread and wonder .
ritual behaviour , everything in its place and a place for everything .
to what had nt been his in the first place , he admitted , an existence modelled on an individual unknown , who had presumably been disappeared .
i think that 's why they gave the aliens the wrong instructions and the wrong directions in the first place .
it had ended as these things often did with tonys dad , with him telling the head how he had fought a bloody war for buggers like him and now he was denying his son a place in his lousy posh school .
the red mgb looked very out of place sat there with the rusty marinas and old volkswagen beetles etc .
its success hinges on how out of place trevor appears in an otherwise boring business setting , and how creepy boss makes the audience feel .
the two versions of this slightly corny skit put a modern spin on the conversation that may have taken place in jesus parable about taking care of others .
superhero : i see your name is bob , and that you look out of place here .
morte di pasta dinner theater unlike the 20 odd 3 - 5 minute skits you ve just perused through , this highly interactive production is meant to take place during an entire evening , with short breaks for people to eat the different portions of their meal without having to look for clues .
his beautiful voice was what had drawn me to him in the first place , and it was still the thing i loved about him the most .
he had all of us under his spell , and i was no exception ; and it made me remember why i had fallen in love with him in the first place .
i examined the menu , trying to hide how out of place i felt .
i was elated to be back in my own place .
i do nt fit in at all and feel really out of place .
first of all a great shuffling of desks took place as those students thought most likely to offend through ignorance , appearance , or objectionable personal habitsor in the case of clive barnett , all threewere moved into the less conspicuous corners of the classroom .
they have sadness in them and are difficult to tell without making the listener think that the shrine is a bad place , a place of evil .
the house was so out of place among some of our neighbors rundown homes .
and it certainly was nt adams place to order his friends about .
i wanted to conquer this just like i had the fear of letting him into my life in the first place .
the man was out of place in the african dessert ; he wore a very expensive italian suit made of cloths onaiwu had never seen before and was carrying a leather briefcase he wore shackled to his wrist by handcuffs .
he was pale - skinned and fair - haired and , even with being dressed in exquisite garments , and reasonably never having met a sun ray he liked , he somehow did nt seem out of place .
um , plowing ahead with dana plough , she repeated herself softly , trying to find her place in the speech , she stated that all women should learn from past mistakes in history and use those lessons to build a better future .
satan whistled and nodded his head , trying to act impressed about the hunk of brown steel and wood paneling with the words the beast scrolled onto its rear bumper that mr . plough had given a place of honor in his yard , between the hideously nightmarish pipe smoking lawn gnomes and pink flamingos that lined the driveway .
the ploughs did nt believe in caffeine in any form [ he had decided after hour two of mind - numbing , excruciating boredom that without caffeine there would be , if he had anything to do with it and he most certainly had , a special place in hell for these types of people ] .
with his feet in the air and head nestled in the tousled bedding , his mind drifted back to a place where his body was more relaxed with the painlessness of slumber .
after they have been forgotten they are sealed into a place where spirituality will not penetrate .
i do nt know why you guys wanted them to worship you in the first place ?
maybe a newer and better species was meant to rise from the ashes and take its rightful place as masters of the third rock from the sun .
it was to another world he travelled , in which he toiled , a dry wet place outside of time ... a permanent bad trip .
it had started with the month , november rolling smoothly into place as october faded , the advance of time subtle and watched , permeating the city like breath .
beyond stretched a dim corridor that had no place in reality , being fully thirty metres long , a hundred times the depth of the wall into which it was constructed .
beyond the factory gates , in a world not governed by the clock , by line speed , by sequence , by strange goggle - eyed amphibians ... a world in which his place was not submerged , adhered by his own sweat to a forklift truck .
rules had been written that had no place for whimsy .
he grew familiar with fractions and decimals , indicators of chance , powers negative and positive , characters the orientation of which hinted at their place in formulae .
mom caught a snake while fishing , a snake ate butchy , and now there s a snake in the outhouseand i hate to think about what it was doing in there in the first place !
the flow of the conversation was finally falling into place .
i do nt mean video nasties or horror films , i mean films that were once acceptable but now , thanks to changing tastes and the wisdom of time , now seem offensive and have no place in a video shop .
it said , read here ye who shall learn the resting place of gods treasure , buried in the british isles by his servant , king arthur .
johnny skipped the issue of whether his place was in the marital bed by passing out in front of wayne 's world ii .
` ` it says in the good book a woman 's place is in the home .
it 's the warrior 's place to provide , '' he told her .
` ` i have just returned from a trip to another plane of existence , or maybe to some strange place inside my own mind and yet you do not seem to take any notice of that . ''
` ` there is no place in these walls for such an unholy act ! ''
do not grieve for them , there is no place in our new world for the lazy or inferior .
hidden well within her heart she coveted the big boss authority , his place as sole leader of the fabulous corporation .
my place here is to just do my job as it develops each day .
contents prologue chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten chapter eleven chapter twelve chapter thirteen chapter fourteen chapter fifteen chapter sixteen chapter seventeen chapter eighteen chapter nineteen chapter twenty chapter twenty - one chapter twenty - two chapter twenty - three chapter twenty - four chapter twenty - five chapter twenty - six chapter twenty - seven chapter twenty - eight chapter twenty - nine chapter thirty chapter thirty - one chapter thirty - two chapter thirty - three chapter thirty - four chapter thirty - five chapter thirty - six chapter thirty - seven chapter thirty - eight chapter thirty - nine chapter forty chapter forty - one chapter forty - two chapter forty - three chapter forty - four chapter forty - five chapter forty - six chapter forty - seven chapter forty - eight chapter forty - nine prologue for those who have n't read t is for time , the prequel to unintended heroes , there is information concerning the earth they inhabit , and the funny little rock 's place in the affections of the universe at large , that you will need to know .
he wanted to skip the awkward stage and find his place in the social hierarchy of his new work environment .
dollop was nt much of a historian but he was sure such furniture had no place in medieval england .
firstly : you could nt offend us even if you tried , because if you re trying to offend us then whatever you say is born from a biased place and thus can not be given any worth as an opinion .
` ` here is the place you 're at , at the point in time you ask .
artistic integrity and financial considerations aside , salahudden had secured a place in ardens thoughts as he was indirectly responsible for his first meeting with chandy .
everything had its place .
timmy too felt an immediate place in his heart for francis , a man who suffered in many ways similar to himself .
in three days time , the remaining members of the troupe would march alongside an extinct harrington , lying upon a wagon bed , as he was transported from the rats tail tavern to his final resting place at seppler cemetery and moratorium .
they saw smith and many of the other ill so - sos at several of their performances , but other than noticing them talking to various townsfolk , there was not a thing out of place .
he did nt want to wake george , and it was paramount that his cellmate not notice anything out of place .
it was a sad story , one that obviously still held a place of grief in georges memory .
criminals and cronies shall have no place in your government .
the sooner men like you realize your place is at the bottom of the barrel , the better off you will be .
you might be nice young ladies , but the music business ai n't no place for nice young ladies .
the lyrics : i see you hippie dippie chickie with your silver jewelry and black lipstick keeping your necklaces untangled must be tricky you 're not empathic ; you 're dense as a brick leather - bound journals and athames of plastic spangles and bangles on polyester gauze casting spells with your coven of the clueless with no reason to use magic than just because refrain : emo , poser , faker , fluff bunny goth wannabe you do n't know magic , you do n't know ennui pretending to be cool but you 're such a disgrace prancing around in crushed velvet and black lace you have plenty of religion all pantheons are open to you whatever everyone thinks is cool well , those are your gods too yesterday you worked with the greek gods today you 're into celts and fae the gods and spirits guide you to enlightenment by telling you to do what you were going to anyway refrain you 're so clueless you do n't think this song is about you you ' ve do n't need trite props ; you have a different view your words of full of wisdom ; you 're so mature well , your words are full of something ; that 's for sure as long as facts and logic are incidental and no one is the least bit judgmental except of course to things you find detrimental then depth and substance are merely accidental refrain if what you believe is complete fabrication and orthopraxy and orthodoxy have no place nor does reason nor does investigation then you 're just crushed velvet and black lace .
the living have no place beyond until they cross properly .
but mikes heart still knew its place , and never gave up its secret love .
inside g.o.d.s humdrum offices , cheap , efficient partitions provide a place for each employee , and an easy way for management to make certain each employee is in his , or her , place .
mike , as kind as you know me to be , i ve no place for ugly , or the friends of ugly .
because of my place in vampire society , i am not privy to the secrets of our origins , so i can not tell you exactly how our species evolved .
what is your place in vampire society ?
i have no right to beg your forgiveness , but if there is any way for me to free you from this place , i swear to you i will find it .
but i m guessing the royal family failed to mention that although you were a part of vampire society , your place in it would be radically different that the ones in the original first fraction , i said dryly .
i would have stolen mercedes even if necoc yaotl had never ordered me to in the first place .
believe me , child , if i were a misanthrope , i would never have fallen in love with mercedes in the first place .
it was not my place to know .
its not our place to ask or to know .
what a fool i was for believing i could hold such a place in her life no matter how unworthy i was of it .
it is not your place to know .
clearly there was some family drama taking place that was deeply upsetting to her mother but it was obviously not considered serious enough to justify bringing her mother 's sheltered only daughter within the circle of trusted informants .
she had the same dark hair and green eyes that so attracted him to bella in the first place .
and together they sat for long , two women in the shade of the canopy where the corners of buildings meet , and the world suddenly seemed a bigger place than either had ever imagined .
this inclination wandered around his limitless soul , seeking a place to connect with other intentions in a communion of the spirits that guided material action in the realm far below .
our theory of the universe is that its a static place that follows strict rules discovered by kepler , galileo , newton , einstein and others .
god got inside peoples heads to convince them that they had to change so that the world would be a better place for everybody ( i d like to teach the world to sing in perfect harmony ) .
as soon as the theory of evolution recognizes that networks learn and change , then the question of how genomes were built up in the first place is answered .
ever since science discovered that a universe exists , the microbes have puzzled over their place in it .
` ` lets face it , he took a sip from his steamy mug , whatever you do , era is no longer a place for you , i stared at him blankly before i chuckled darkly , shaking my head .
not that we ever were in the first place , of course .
we stepped into a grand black and white foyer that completely out of place in the futuristic theme of this institution .
mister goldwrite , you re in a very special place .
and where is your place ?
because its not as omnipotent a place that everyone thinks it is .
they were nt so different than kens tenants in their outlook : originally a little unsure of how their experiences would turn out , but even in the short time on earth , they found their place , and each day they learned more about the small blue marble in a secluded area of the universe they lived on .
sharing the back seat with the dislocated cycle , mary listened attentively to the conversation taking place between the two men .
they therefore entrusted antonio to deliver borrow and his guide to their place of judgement ; but such was antonios craving for alcohol that he stopped at so many inns on the way and drank such an inordinate quantity of wine while he was there , that he was thoroughly inebriated by the time he handed over the prisoners .
neither would it have looked out of place in istanbul : if it had had a minaret at each corner it would have easily passed muster as a mosque .
that s because i like to think that the world is a place in which people should say what they mean and mean what they say .
were discussing natural justice , your lordship , there s no place for sentiment .
eleuthera felt like a second home now , a familiar place of heavenly sensation and rapture , the place where she had first felt sexual ecstasy for more than forty five minutes in a bed on her own without touching herself , in the heat of a tropical bahamas night , in total focus with her mind , in complete sexual union and harmony with herself , fantasizing about statues of serene women coming alive to please her and comfort her , taking her pleasure seriously , focused on pleasure .
eleuthera felt like a second home now , a familiar place of heavenly sensation and rapture , the place where she had first felt sexual ecstasy for more than forty five minutes in a bed on her own without touching herself , in the heat of a tropical bahamas night , in total focus with her mind , in complete sexual union and harmony with herself , fantasizing about statues of serene women coming alive to please her and comfort her , taking her pleasure seriously , focused on pleasure .
later still , cosseted by pillows and bedclothes of soft wools and cottons , in that uncertain place twixt wake and sleep , his toes stretched out to claim new unconquered territories amongst the sheeting , and he reflected upon barneys maxim of scaring with change , and how odd it was that some people found the prospect of change daunting and fearful , whilst others found it exciting .
there were also laborers , office workers , school teachers , monks and missionaries and professionals in all fields who scored well on the pridemeter , and had a much more realistic view of their place in the world than most others .
she was left wondering why she bothered in the first place .
it also had her wondering why she was out there in the first place .
two neglected recliners sat against the back wall , both straddling a couch in dire need of cleaning , or better yet a place in the dumpster .
and its not my place to reveal their secrets should i know any .
reflecting on the book he had been reading on the flight , merlot felt he had become the character called christian , and was struggling through the miry slough of despond , where such a place as can not be mended where the sinner is awakened about his lost condition and where there ariseth in his soul many fears , and doubts , and discouraging apprehensions , which all of them get together , and settle in this place ; and this is the reason of the badness of this ground .
therefore , at this fair are all such merchandise sold as houses , lands , trades , places , honors , preferments , titles , countries , kingdoms , lusts , pleasures ; and delights of all sorts , as harlots , wives , husbands , children , masters , servants , lives , blood , bodies , souls , silver , gold , pearls , precious stones , and what not .
the two punters moved apart and made space for her , quite reluctantly as it necessitated them moving slightly aside from their usual bar - real - estate , their comfort zone , their places in this world .
she had seemed quite out of place amongst the multitude of low - lives .
as merlot drifted off he considered the likelihood that he was already dead , existing in some kind of divine comedy of his own making ; forced to return to this ground hog of a paradise between interminable torturous trials and endless excursions into some sort of karmic purgatory , each repeat resulting in dismal failure and an ultimate descent into a dantean inferno , a place where the sun never shines .
in fact , high sex is not safe in general , there s no emotional infrastructure in place to engage in it as a normal professional , or simply as a lay person , while you work as teleoperator in a company for instance .
there s no place for that in a rock band .
we created these without thought to their place in the whole storyline , but rather as standalone pieces or series around the theme .
warning signs were going off in my mind about something familiar i should have known about in the first place .
your place is here , he said .
it seems natural that ralph , or the second coming of ralph , would be drawn to a place of intense belief and sacrifice .
character still does have a place .
responsibility has its place .
we ' ve put in place some major drives to reverse this phenomena .
discrimination based on race had no future , as it was inevitable that the unjustly stigmatised would eventually rise up against their oppressors and claim their rightful place in society .
so he feigned interest , was courteous , made an effort to smile , pretended to be shy and a little out of place in such magnificent surroundings .
above all the child needed to learn to respect his elders , to learn some manners , to understand his place in the order of things .
there would no doubt be a very good explanation , something that would make it all fall into place .
cela lui remettrait les ides en place .
des meubles bougs de place .
you can see why those popes and middle - evil people wanted michaelwhatshisname to do it in the first place .
even his movements were gracefully effortless , like someone who was dexterously comfortable with the world and completely secure with his place in it .
even from an early age , i was at peace with my family and my place in it .
i tried to find my place in the conversation , but the way he looked at me , the closeness of him , the feel of his handsone on my thigh , one brushing against my neckmade me feel fuzzy - headed and unfocused .
however , in your daughters case , i am forced to agree that a certain amount of circumspection on your part would not be out of place .
the reverend colin wheatsheaf dislodged his venom in a single word that would nt have sounded out of place in one of poes worst nightmares poetry .
as the anodyne driveling stream of the television had been trickling in one ear and out the other , arnold , as usual , had been contemplating his miniscule place in this ginormous universe .
i did nt want to blow my chance so i slowly crept up on my target and there it was , right above the liver and bacona sign that read buy one , get one free well , everything clicked into place and suddenly became clear as day and that s what you called your next novel ?
it 's just my place to hate life right now .
not besieged by the raw class being displayed by the two boys , daves senses quickly changed place , and his hearing moved into first position as the overload of sights became too much .
thanks to his simple but effective plan , everything was falling into place .
kitty - boy has a place , but i m just not convinced it is here in this cut throat world of business .
dave was secretly very pleased at how every part of the puzzle was falling into place tonight .
fear had an amazing place in relationships .
just as the girls became acquainted and the pieces of the puzzle dropped into place , dave was interrupted by his mobile .
i m sure if i keep slogging away things will fall into place .
and then it all clicked into place and i decided to forgive you , and i felt as if god had reached down and taken a huge load off my shoulders !
the words clicked into place in his mind , like the pieces of a puzzle .
the occasional paranormal apparition or miraculous manifestation would nt have been out of place .
because i do not hope to turn again , because i know i shall not know , because i know that time is always time , and place is always and only place , because i can not hope to turn again , why is he reciting ts eliot from a book by jack kerouac ?
in any case , there were times when thought needs to take second place to action , and this was one of them .
here she was in a new place , in a time yet to come , and yet nothing was strange .
he found it entirely unacceptable to have anything out of place .
we ve talked a lot on the phone for the last few days and i ve started to remember what attracted me to him in the first place .
for what seemed like the next six hours he showed me the details of each fork , knife , spoon , and plate which reflected another place in time .
the only place of sanctity is within one of the three arched , soundproof listening booths positioned against the far wall of the department .
julian has been listening patiently and says , if we do tom , there ll still be a place for you in the band .
it seems after you has no place in a liverpool pub in 1972 .
i hear the sound of hi ho silver lining at the party upstairs , and its upbeat mood has never appeared so out of place .
my eyes follow it , but sofia is in a trance , her thoughts lost in some deep , impenetrable place .
it was not until 2008 , as part of the city 's european capital of culture accolade , that liverpool had a venue befitting of its place within the pantheon of musical history .
there s just no place for the traditional supervillain any more !
no place ... for doctor baby ... goon waited patiently .
the boss was sorry he 'd constructed the tautology in the first place .
his thoughts fell into place and his emotions quieted .
but once the children came in , it was an entirely different place .
we know its a very important and significant place in american history , and we respect that very much .
( note : wild bill and hardwick assume their rightful place in tall tree chronicles , volume 2 ) sometime during college , willie started smoking .
with stanford , a three - and - a - half - point underdog , now covering the spread by ten and a half points , and a fresh kodiak resting in his lip , roger was pleased with the world and his place in it .
he told me that he felt completely out of place with the family members he had not seen in ages .
i do believe that it has its place but people , please i m begging you , show some restraint .
my kind of place is right here , with you , doing your bidding , and through you , the bidding of the really big guy , who we both know watches over us , for better or for worse .
his asian face did nt show a lot of emotion but he did nt look like he had a great sense of humor in the first place .
i mean , i m glad i was there to knock jason down , but he might not have been shot at in the first place if it was nt for me .
i leaned my head over and was really enjoying it when i thought about why i was at his house in the first place .
that s why i went after morgan in the first place because of revenge .
the scratching was impossible to hear , not so much because of its muffled naturenail and knuckle raking porous rotting pinebut because it was taking place under six feet of sandy soil , soil that lay under two feet of wet snow , snow that was piled from fencepost to gravestone in a cemetery two miles out of town .
he wanted to understand the place in french culture held by the wine , and how it was part of frances heritage , and catherine had said yes , of course .
it requested that ms . gwen june secure the services of ms . glissy stirg to participate in a spielberg productions documentary film about the place of champagne in french and world culture , and indicated that ms . catherine deneuve had guaranteed that ms . june would accomplish this task .
they walked farther away from the house and edged into the vineyards themselves , hallowed ground for bordeaux lovers , the actual place from which came the elixir .
blistov was spellbound by the performance ; his life again elevated to a new place .
the sub - conscious knowledge that if he got caught doing this he never again would make love to gwen , or drink a glass of great french burgundy , or sit on his porch and play with his dog , or eat a plate of langoustines , added to his bloodstream a very large dose of adrenaline , or whatever chemicals were involved in creating the divvy sense in the first place .
things fell into place , slevov participating when she felt like it .
i , i could be anything but for the fault that i ' ve acquired on my way we we were the end of it but now we see the sun shining in our face we see the sun shining in our face so come on , come on we can be saved the lives we live , the wars we wage when everyone just tells us how to feel we 're sleeping at the wheel and i i would give anything but for the grace of god i ' m here and still aware we know the end is overrated we ' ve became the walls we raise we do n't believe enough but we still cared standing on the edge without a prayer so come on , come on it 's all we got our hands are full , our lives are not the loose affiliation with the real we 're sleeping at the wheel all of the time we ' ve lost all of the love we gave and now these hands are tied i ca n't help thinking that i was in the days i was losing my place i was screaming out at everything waiting for the walls to come down before my moment starts of fade but everything that 's perfect falls away so come on , come on we can be saved the lives we live , the wars we wage when everyone just tells us how to feel we 're sleeping at the wheel we 're sleeping at the wheel just sleeping at the wheel ` ` go , go , go , go ! ''
there is a strange phenomenon that takes place when people see the assistant is on .
` ` what i was starting to say is that superstitions have their place , within reason , of course .
finesse and honor had their proper place , after all .
i do n't think it 's my place to tell you any details , but let 's just say that the messiness in your jurisdiction had competition for worst event of the day , and i ' m not sure it won . ''
richard thought they seemed familiar , but out of place somehow .
chapter 50 putting the pieces into place , part 1 months later , two men sat in the prime minister 's library to hold a private chat .
chapter 51 putting the pieces into place , part 2 henry rochester ( lately richard hugh ) was riding in the back of a regular limo making its way through australian traffic .
he had a place in my life , a permanent place , and i did n't know if he was the one i wanted in there .
he had a place in my life , a permanent place , and i did n't know if he was the one i wanted in there .
however , i am troubled by your declaration that , the church is a place where you can lay bare your brokenness and sin .
probably my life has been taking place in this way because i have been acquiring the materials merely on my impulsive calling , and not as per my thoughtful necessities .
you are not how you take place in your life , but instead you are how you take place in others life .
you are not how you take place in your life , but instead you are how you take place in others life .
and that particular line had hit me hard , ... you are not how you take place in your life , but instead you are how you take place in others life .
for the most powerful oneself like god , this entire fascination taking place in the worldly congregation , must be feeling nothing but merely as a sport .
slowly but in a steady way , some kind of a divine reflection had started taking place in me .
this union will take place only when you can identify your self with the self of god , and not otherwise .
as though there were no place for the present in a world built on the strength of a well - executed mission statement .
i asked , searching for my place in this world .
this equation of uncertain circumstances has led you to this place .
although we think that the world as a playing field may have already been leveled , many women still compare their relative places in society to that of presidents and other great war - mongers .
in a reverie he had felt strong and slender arms hook underneath him , and he was dragged from the rain to a place that was warm and full of healing , and though he could not wake he felt their ministrations , the owners of these faces with white light behind them saying ` ` no , not yet you ve work to do , you ca nt come home yet , '' and so he let them clean his suit and tend his wounds and place a strong - fragranced poultice of wild herbs on his forehead that instantly relaxed him , and then he sank into even a deeper sleep in which even none of this mattered , save for the remembrance that they were some of the sexiest angels he had ever seen .
` ` where this level breaks , at those rocks in the distance , is a place i imagine as a second tier or grotto . ''
i wanted to tell him that i was simply having a bad day ; that i did nt like my place in life , my non - existent writing career , or my turbulent relationships .
after all , chauncey never did exist , but alexs belief in chauncey made him real in some sense , and once i began to think of things other than chauncey , the protective layer my son created was stripped away and my bitterness towards my place in the world were exposed once again .
kolb was a tall , freckly kid who physically seemed out of place for his generation .
i felt like a bastard doing it , since it was nt really my place , but love and jealousy tend to supercede all bylines of the social contract .
and in that strange turn of events , my room became a metaphor , a place on an ethereal plane that was all mine to visit .
i ' m not sure what made me ask in the first place .
i ' m drawn into a place where thoughts are n't welcome .
their brains send messages to their bodies to pump hormones to convince the deer that the risk is worth taking ( human teenagers understand what it is like to be in the grip of such hormones ) , but at some animal - level risk assessment must take place .
this concentrated consciousness to deal with a problem in the present moment is the reason that consciousness exists in the first place .
will was clearly being put in his place , and he knew where that place was .
this is the place of the non - believers ?
clearly , this was its home , its abode , its place of rest .
i could feel the transmogrification take place , the cellular structure of skin seeping through my pores , the growth of hair ...
i started to truly believe that i had finally found my place in life .
gratitude in place , i interrupted , and we both laughed from our mutual understanding .
the world is going to be a much different place when i ' m through with it .
i just put my head down again and tried to get back to that place before it faded away .
we also got some sneak peeks at dr . red working on an evil machine , which led up to superkid and the clone , book # 3 where dr . red accidentally creates a clone of superkid who thinks superkid is the clone and so goes off to take back his rightful place as the real superkid , which he finds out later he 's not , so after they join forces and battle doctor red , they give each other a teary goodbye and then the clone drifts off into the sunset where he went , i ca n't say yet .
immediately afterwards , silver - brown smoke rose from the roots -- -- a strange purple mixture that seemed to be composed entirely of electricity leaped from the bottle onto the roots and crawled all over them like hyperactive spiders -- -- a sickly yellow mixture that smelled like rotten eggs , sewage , and puke seeped into another set of roots , turning them pale -- -- a blue , glue - like chemical adhered itself to yet another set of roots , which gradually began to glow -- -- and many more concoctions were flung , many more effects took place -- some invisible but most with interesting if not bizarre shows .
a toy was thrown , sand flew , squiggling took place , pushing , not putting toys away you name it .
he assured me that the benson room was the place for me .
` ` there 's a place on the scaffold for creatures like that , '' said digger jones darkly .
` ` he probably offended her because he would n't stand aside to let her have his place in line . ''
if ever men work out what it is that causes this bizarre reaction in them , then the world will be a far more harmonious place .
some tried to renegotiate their former places in the line , without much success .
at the time this story took place , he was working on a deal to sell a large quantity of swords to some strange people in a far - away place called the pre - columbian era .
once you ' ve blown up your own planet , you lose your place in line . ''
that made everything fall into place .
your place in history must not be blighted by such trivial trough - feeding .
yes , there you have it folks , even though the question was about the good guys and the bad guys , the answer is only about the bad guys , and their special place in psychologists agenda .
giving examples of obesity , drugs abuse , smoking , alcoholism , he insisted that this was the place to start .
that was one of the things that he found so attractive about her in the first place , that confidence in each and every one of her actions .
it was just that david felt out of place .
university was a place for teenagers to prove themselves as adults .
seeking penance for his sins , the sexual conquistador told a television audience of hundreds of millions that technology and mathematics have no place in finding true love .
there were other shows on network television that would have clearly been out of place at any other time .
the second cup comes around and suddenly the world is a much nicer place .
i knew from experience that he would n't eat fluffytail 's gourmet crab tails and shrimp heads again that day because it was the awfulness of that putrid offering that made him throw up in the first place .
she does , and the children of the forest bear daenerys underground , to a place of healing beside bran among the weirwoods .
but on that their way , he dreamed darkly about the probable place of safety for all the probable ugly girls , unemployed , or wherever they were , wondering what it was , where unbelievably it was in a sanctified and cleansed , purified and holy .
no more unreality game without meaning could take place .
he was deeply spell - bound , locked into to his taken place forever , spiritually bound by death and lost to the god - fearing anticipation of his horribly inexorable fate .
ed bitters was bitterly vying for a place in the game 's conversation .
veda had lost all sense of time and place .
it is n't your place to decide who is harmless and who is not , '' said avermann .
it had no place here in modest midland .
not a hair out of place .
i found them but they seemed a little out of place .
i do n't believe any inappropriate sexual contact took place here and i did personally observe the situation myself . ''
most of their attention was focussed on finding a new employer , knowing that hooya incorporated had no place for them after the takeover .
yes , only then shall i know my place in the greater scheme of things , my stitches in the fabric of the universe , my place in the cosmic order .
yes , only then shall i know my place in the greater scheme of things , my stitches in the fabric of the universe , my place in the cosmic order .
lost and lonely , silent near a fountain in place monge , she wept for inaction man and his heroic struggles not with the forces of evil , but with the evil of man .
seek symbol out in place monge .
he refused point blank to rescue symbol from place monge .
she was in her own place .
evolution explains changes in living things , but not how living things came to be in the first place .
inconveniently , like politics and banking , the bulk of science takes place behind closed doors so that this process of scientific scrutiny is not subject to much external scrutiny .
he had convinced himself that the man was not the same as his daughter and that he did n't contain that same horrible light of truth that had given him his affliction in the first place , but he had been wrong .
this town and its basketball titles just were nt the place for him .
five minutes later he came running out the door and ran straight into the locker across the hall and fell to the floor on his ass and did the cockroach on its back kicking legs in the air dance before he realized his place in the universe at that moment in time .
he went back to his place in california and never went back to chicago after it was determined that he was no longer a threat to leprechauns or anyone else .
sometime i lose my place when i m here and i see a mall and i think i might be in pacoima or burbank and i realize i m nowhere near anyone i know , i m just in a mall that looks like anywhere , anyplace in any states of the great united ones .
what other young actress of her generation could pull off a scene where the majority of the action takes place in her womb ?
it was time the universe realised he was more than a name and his rightful place was at the front of the queue !
struck by a moment of clarity his hormones relented as he turned to the wall to face his reflection , ponderous of his own identity and place in existence .
all words however are aiming for their ultimate dream , a place in the dictionary .
as we all know time has no place in the land of sleep , and its grip over the concept of when , will loosen .
a place that offers shelter from the harsh universe , a place that nurtures friendships and allows our lives to go about their daily ways , a place that reaches in to our minds and souls and teases emotion from within so that we may fully experience the gift of life , a place that will remain ours until the fight within our hearts has been extinguished .
a place that offers shelter from the harsh universe , a place that nurtures friendships and allows our lives to go about their daily ways , a place that reaches in to our minds and souls and teases emotion from within so that we may fully experience the gift of life , a place that will remain ours until the fight within our hearts has been extinguished .
a place that offers shelter from the harsh universe , a place that nurtures friendships and allows our lives to go about their daily ways , a place that reaches in to our minds and souls and teases emotion from within so that we may fully experience the gift of life , a place that will remain ours until the fight within our hearts has been extinguished .
its not my place to say , paddington said .
its not my place , my lord .
the acquisition of knowledge is everyones place , especially a policemans .
well , there s a place for him .
if they could nt accept their places in the new world , he d remove them .
i had no place now , no track to follow .
i did nt think it was my place to tell celestine about it because she was above all my guest and rule number one is never make a good guest feel bad .
no georgia family tree was complete with out a branch bearin those white - flesh peaches , vyin with each other for a place in the sun but stayin out of its glare sos not to ruin their complexion .
but do nt worry - theyve reserved a place of honor for you in hell .
the towels will not wash or dry properly like that , but it is not my place to tell her off about it so i do not .
but you can be sure that ill call that favour in one day , i answer whilst drifting off to another place in my thoughts .
sorry to hear about you being homeless and pregnant but to be honest , i m not surprised because i figured that was what would happen to you , eventually , she replied and smirked and i can not remember why i was friends with her in the first place .
i happen to find out from paige as it turns out to be none other than that cheery dude that got me back into kims place .
i know that i should not get involved and it is not my place to interfere , but when he raises his hands to push her over and down onto the grass where he actually spits on her .
the internet is a strange place , you never really know who is on the other end but youyou just sound bubbly and innocent , which is quite a relief i can tell you .
but this is the story of headier days , days when the overton park shell was a magical place , the later rainbow implied .
a place as bright as sun , as holy as stax .
and i can go to himto his songs -- when i am blue , when i am feeling that the world is a place of malefaction and discommoded energy , when i am feeling that there is nothing to be said for the human race , and i can be readjusted .
its that old question , whether , you know , writing comes from experience or from , like , some deeper place that you tap into , something mythical , the collective jung - thing .
everyone from jaggerwho copped his singing styleto the animals to jimmy page have accorded him a special place in their learning .
his outfit , though nice , appeared out of place on this side of town .
i felt it could be a place of new beginning for me .
i was happy to be sitting there with her , and wondered why i had been so opposed to them staying with us in the first place .
my place in heaven is already secure .
dad dropped his eyes and shook his head , and i thought he looked suddenly lost , like he was searching for a fixed place in the shifting corridors of his mind .
art had no place on maslows hierarchy of needs unless it fell under self - fulfillment .
i tried to think about what it would mean to have more power , to have real , direct , actual control over my place in the world .
watching lennon on the television in the bar , he thought that he had arrived at a stable place himself well beyond revolution and rock and roll .
ok , recited baltazar , accepting his script - writing purpose with pride , if this script is an action script , then we need to have actioneous events taking place within this script , recited baltazar , pacing back and forth in the log cabin , with his body standing upright , still naked , still speaking in rolling rs .
then she burst into tears and begged the superior to let her join the convent and to come home to live , offering , as an inducement , to turn over her entire salary to the convent in exchange for a place in the community .
there was a black - holea lack of wanting things , that maybe could only come up when you were born into everything , and were standing to inherit so many millions in so many years , and this was beautiful , this was why she did nt strive after things or ride the corporate ladder ; even the accession to director - level at a non - profit was something that happened accidentally , and she was doing it because it was a process of making the world a more organized place .
the japanese family questioned the koreans ancestry ; the koreans commented on how cheap the material of princesss handbag and sweater were , but all of this was taking place under three layers of politeness , such that nobody looking on could have any clue whatsoever what was happening .
but it was not necessarily the fulcrum where the real action takes place ; that is a question involving subjective judgment and the definition of success itself .
she was the first to immediately call everybody a friend and she in her unsophisticated way believed the world to be a fundamentally friendly place .
consisting of korean traditional physical games and activities , the third and final ' field trip ' would take place on campus and save the programme money .
the fifty year old engineering major was much the same as the fifty year old drama student ; they had just gotten to that place ( that silence ! )
wednesday brings an underground place ; thursday morning reveals alpha smells of kim - chee .
barbiedoll : pride of place went to this top - most of top - mosts who not only perfected the entrance exam , perfected the 2/1 class speech , came from the perfect background , did perfectly well socially , had a boy come up to her at the very end of the program , and most perfectly of all , was definitely a particular personality type and so did not succumb to the flaw of being perfectly boring .
but is us the place for me ?
as you move forward you will see things beginning to fall into place .
for once things are falling into place , she said as she laid her head on the pillow .
emma , he said as he swallowed , hell is not an actual place .
like hell is not an actual place , the devil is not an actual entity .
they would nt realize the planning and work it took for the seemingly simple evolution to take place .
i do nt know if , being so , there s any seeing your place in the world .
his place was the san souci .
more than this , you saw your siblings of the first generation , how they had each awakened to the world in their myriad places within it , and how they had each come along their paths at first ones beckoning call , to the meeting place .
as i have said before , once you get past the anger phase , the rest is all going to fall into place .
that s the only reason why i dragged you into this in the first place .
all existence in the first place occupies a singular perception best explained or defined by the word now .
the new fridge looked totally out of place in the dimness of her museum - of - a - kitchen .
it looked as new and out of place there in all that aged , century - old furniture , as the new fridge did in the kitchen .
i saw how the earth would be thy dwelling place , at last , because thou had made us worthy and taken us back into thy divine home .
he saw himself in a light - filled place with no horizons and no sensation of standing on any hard surface .
by this enigmatic revelation of my sons painting , only recently discovered as an actual place within my realm , i believe that god is showing me the location of the home world .
and now the remembering was as though from some other place which no longer confined and confounded you .
i would arrive at his house in the morning , led by his wife to the parlor where he gave my lessons , and where a coal stove occupied the place of honor .
festivities are taking place throughout the land , and of course that momentous happening is at the forefront of every consciousness .
she must think she has put dad in his rightful place in heaven .
what he lacked , jerian realised , was a place outside , a place to go .
the sun took its rightful place in the sky and there began a healing process ; but it lacked the vigour of old and could not maintain its original cycle .
the summer was no longer predominant , and winter , having established a presence on land , now had its place on the calendar .
if he were in some cage , artificially contained , then that caged world was a fantastic place .
they were the fallen , the wretched , the diseased , the abused , the vanquished , the blighted ; the weak and the strong , the rich and poor whose restless bodies disturbed only stagnant gases ; the murderers and the victims , all ghosts suspended in this place that was no place , a void given substance through the interaction of negative forces .
they were the fallen , the wretched , the diseased , the abused , the vanquished , the blighted ; the weak and the strong , the rich and poor whose restless bodies disturbed only stagnant gases ; the murderers and the victims , all ghosts suspended in this place that was no place , a void given substance through the interaction of negative forces .
and time there was in this place , albeit time detached from the revolving earth , unhinged as the stygian lid of the sky .
she just wishes that she could discover this reason , or why it she has forgotten it in the first place .
there is no place for hatred within me .
i suppose that is the nature of living and attempting to understand ones place in this world .
i do nt know why i never thought of doing that in the first place .
he wonders if he has passed on to some other place , but the pain in his body roots him back into reality .
i ve seriously been stressed every since my mother died long ago , and i think that if people left me alone for a minute a day , i would nt have snapped at everyone in the first place .
his niece and two nephews had a place in his heart but were cut off from any contact .
last night he had refused by saying that not being part of the organization he would be out of place at the meeting ; today he had a new and better excuse : he said he was tired after sleeping little last night and from the work he did in the morning .
but quite suddenly she discovered the calm place inside she was searching for .
and when the newspaper stories hit the stands , those folks just had something new to hope for , some new escape route from the reality that had driven them crazy in the first place .
and yet , rose felt out of place in the gracious colonial hotel .
but what has taken place under our very noses , to make a grim pun , can not be explained away or dismissed .
out of a conditioned respect for the corpse , any corpse , and grudging admiration for both wife and daughter in overcoming their squeamishness in working on the lifeless member of their husband and father as he lay in his final resting place , i swallowed the glibly offensive words .
i do believe were getting to the place where you can proceed on your own .
sherrie was tall and slim , with the energy and enthusiasm of a twenty - something taking possession of her place in the world .
maybe she just lost consciousness in the middle of a thought and suddenly was in a strange place fighting and kicking like dale described , and feeling alone in a silent space .
and the bedroom is out on the front lawn with the threat of rain , well , the whole place of it is lost .
but his place .
my body is almost ready for the close and comforting place of the bed , but before i turn in , i sit here in semi - darkness , the pools of dark finding the corners of the room and the light beside me driving it from the center .
i sit with the accounting books or what - have - you , looking out the window on an afternoon like this , and there it is : there is the place that holds me , the hard unyielding process of working landi can not tell you what it means .
and the he found his place in time .
she had places in her person which were inviting and spacious .
back somewhere past these words , these years , was the place where he was young again .
as he mowed , drews path made a trail in the sea of the grass , a temporary path which marked his place in time .
the words and the language of response to this new place were being played out in muscle and bone , carried to the circumference of their bodiescarried to skin of shoulder and flank , to nostril , orb of eye and loose soft lip .
this was their place .
his only solace would take place 15 years later when lloyd found out rick was gay and living in san francisco with their 8th grade spanish teacher mr . javierito .
in this early stage of the young ghosts existence he found that his place in society was in the dregs , the ghost towns , if you will .
i had the wings alright , but nowhere to land , no roots , no place for me .
well , i wanted that place bad , bout six months before i found this place and i was standing in my kitchen doing the dishes and begging him to give me a sign , talk to me and he just said clear as day , ida , that place is not for you .
for them , there was no place in society , so she found them a place in the wild , savoring sunrises and roses , birdsong and singing creeks .
for them , there was no place in society , so she found them a place in the wild , savoring sunrises and roses , birdsong and singing creeks .
she was perfectly aware that the reason the world to her for almost three years had been a dark , menacing place was the same reason she could now see it as eden : it was the state of her mind she was seeing in the backyard , and it had changed primarily because of myron seavey .
all the stuff that takes place at the subatomic level those sci - fi writers take and apply to the regular universe .
it meant there was never a place for meanness or selfishness in love .
that does nt mean that scientists do nt think religion does nt have a place in life .
there is a place for god in human life and in the life of a scientist , but not in a scientists work .
but he said science has no place for personal belief .
for a while they paused and discussed just what was meant by foolish , but then after picking at the meatloaf , powdered mashed potatoes and peas , jeremy brought up a passage he particularly liked from thoreaus essay on the duty of civil disobedience where thoreau says that under a government which imprisons any unjustly , the true place for a just man is also a prison .
the highest honor he who thought womens place was in the home could achieve was to succeed his father as a church elder , where his duties would not be much more than rubber - stamping what the minister wanted .
he thinks a womans place is in the home .
when she told him that jeremy was a straight a history major at the university of wisconsin , everything fell into place .
her husband thinks a womans place is in the home .
alexander graham had enjoyed recreating a part of new orleans history with his old fashioned horse and carriage but now he felt like he was the anachronism with no place in a new world .
so i walk and listen to music and am transported to places i ve never seen to times before i lived and live in those places and times and speak words through the mouths of phantom strangers who i may once have been , who think they are me now .
this time he had wandered into a place so beautiful that all the sighted travelers who passed through it ached with a longing to become a part of it .
i feel so out of place , a misplaced person .
it was right , of course , too , he had no place there , amongst that height of willessness , a man of the land , an earthling in truly alien surroundings .
strange expressions that i could translate but not understand , a slurring of words that took me minutes to decipher , and straightforward sentences that they seemed to accept but to me sounded out of place and disconnected .
we feel out of place , menaced even as we cut across their land .
we have to find a way to take her back to that place in her mind .
he seemed out of place in arajinna and as vicar .
i have asked alfred to take him aside but he feels it 's not his place .
you said it made everything fall into place .
what i meant was your behaviour fell into place .
max paused and looked at caroline before adding , its awful , but things do fall into place .
your place is here !
the hours melted together and it was not until 3:19 that he fell asleep , the last conscious words were those of a man selling knives to a supermodel , his brain falling through his pillow and floor into a place where dreams birth reality .
he spoke too fast and his accent had lost it 's place amidst the years he spent away .
hitchcock and every other filmmaker to ever push record on the camera has n't understood that words have no place on camera .
it looked like his grades were good enough to let him finish his senior year , but he wondered why he had picked such a tough school in the first place .
they are looking for this place , although it is always inside of them .
the lotus flower has a significant place in the beliefs of different nations .
externally it may not be shown in any way , but internally , rapid , global changes take place in him .
we understand the inconvenience this places on you , so well be compensating you for it .
its a place where people grow and develop and learn to be intellectually - contributing members of society .
soon , we come to a lush green valley , strange and out of place in this wide , bare land .
how wonderful that we ve brought morgen to a place where she will experience them .
the greater good i wake up to my obnoxious alarm clock , beeping so loud and out of place in the peacefulness that for a moment i do nt know where i am .
stress and negativity were so out of place that there was almost no choice but to leave them behind .
they both use word games , subversive ideas about reality , and creative logic in attempts to understand the world and their respective places in it ( joyce came to see himself as an archetypal scribe ; kealey sees himself as something of a prophet ) .
everything in its place and a place for everything , as vacine 's fond of saying .
like you 're doing , trying to figure out your place in the world .
i still think my place is in ohio .
serious of questioning had taken place .
lucy asked continuing to admire his place .
that meant the world was , by definition , a place of grief and sorrow .
i explained to my wife that she and her foal could come to church early with me rehearsals were at least an hour before midnight services and thereby , secure their rightful place in the forefront of the christmas activities .
leo allwood , in all the glory of his regal name , would carry on the family line and insure howards eventual place in the pantheon of a fickle and forgetful universe .
it 's their place .
more to make sure his new detective knows his place and pays his dues , vince suspects .
it was his place , his ministry .
bett gathered her strength to pass into a place with clear bright light , knowledge , others and whoever it was she had become .
the claus , with their ruddy cheeks and winter wear , looked out of place in the crowd of purple and yellow pansy faces .
nita found herself using thoughts of the orderly miracles taking place in the nursery as an antidote for the feelings of fear and disgust which brushed against her like an insistent cat throughout the day and bound up her thinking like a winding cloth during the unending hours of the night .
without much looking at each other a conversation took place , and the comradery was percipient .
and what a special place we have for them .
he looked out of place on such a simple piece of furniture .
it might be your chance to get away , like i told you to do in the first place .
you think you could take me back to ellies place now ?
he had no illusions about his place among these popular , well - off kids .
its your place .
i have no right to any of this place .
after half a bottle of whisky , he once confided to tim that he believed the place of a good woman was in bed and the bedroom was the best meeting place for those of the opposite sex .
stan just nodded but his mind was away in another place .
she knows her place in life and her limits .
her steps took her to another place altogether , a place she had never been , and perhaps never hoped to be .
as a scientist she does n't use words like love , but as a woman she knows that he has a special place in her heart that no one else can fill .
when myriam flagent , the catalyst for his recent dedicated attendance at st . pauls , said hello , gene realized that he was coming back from a place far beyond the packages of sirloin steaks he ostensibly was comparing .
be efficient or lose your place in the lunch line .
now , tonight , the night of khloes birthday party , any doubts about andy falsonnis place in the hierarchy of his world had been put to rest .
even after seeing the baby during the ultra sound , the transformation to fatherhood was only slowly taking place .
i tried to figure out why he would have wanted to bring them up there in the first place .
i mean , it 's almost as if everyone has to be different in order to accommodate all that takes place in the worlddifferent occupations , lifestyles , goods , services , family responsibilities , and so on .
chapter 13 direction and a proposal school was a joy and everything seemed to be falling into place and i knew why , which made it even better .
chapter 14 checkmate i had nt really thought about how things would fall into place after i graduated and the book was done .
do you think there s ever a place for honor during a war , aaron ?
you see , a phenomenon takes place in every graveyard , but its really noticeable in the moravian churchyards because all the headstones are horizontal rather upright .
all the pieces for a happy , gratifying life had fallen effortlessly into place at an early age for this young man ; it seemed like a divine hand guided everything his way .
leave it to sierra to remind me why i decided to become a teacher in the first place .
my arbitrary skills obviously had no further place here .
my place in their society had no consequence at the moment .
but when sleep doth advance her thoughts to another place , nothing can prevent her kind from yearning for a younger face of the strident virile wooers who brandish more spears than one , for fantasies such as these make a marriage much more fun .
my place among these beings now required a closer examination .
at a loss for understanding my place among these fornicators , i begged virgil to offer me some guidance .
for just a few minutes in an otherwise bleak day , he reminded me why i had become a teacher in the first place .
but there are procedures in place to extract tenured teachers from this school .
we love you , repeated miles softly , cocking his head a bit toward a faint sound , a tone that somehow seemed out of place given his current context .
a place where panic had no place .
it was definitely a familiar smell , but somehow seemed out of place in the desert .
the sounds of all along the watchtower by jimi hendrix suddenly filled the van as it rumbled across the desert , forcing miles out of the emotional morass into which he had been sinking and into a friendlier , happier place .
in my view , purgatory is a place where good souls who have nt yet been fully introduced to christ go until such time as they can be redeemed .
its a place of love and redemption , but also a place that , for many , holds chastisement and fear .
miles took half a shaking , shuffling step , and then another , until he was suddenly back in that place of magic again .
have you seen the media circus that is taking place here today ?
not only has their feedback shown me that i m on the right track , but they ve helped me re - discover the things that drew me to my stories in the first place .
so many times that even if i were to come across the truly beautiful , it would be out of place in my lifethis half dead life of mine .
she told her , peter said under his breath as if all the pieces had just then fallen into place .
sara sat down in the chair that julia brought her , and the sick woman smiled a vibrant smile that looked completely out of place in that setting .
julia felt out of place in the room and tried to make herself as small as possible as she sat in the corner .
when you watch everything you ve worked for your whole life going up in flames , it makes a man wonder why he d worked so hard in the first place .
she recognized a few of the faces that floated about the room but still felt completely out of place among them .
nothing has a proper place .
i get halfway down the hall before i remember why i came down here in the first place .
these stories take place in america , in ukraine , in africa , on a sheep ranch , in a nudist colony , and inside a poet 's head as an extended daydream about liz phair .
had they already crossed the line that normally separates professor and student , or had eric simply begun to occupy a more intimate place in rebeccas mind ?
yes , somewhere in that space between disappearing and appearing , there must have been answers , but ricardo had no idea how one reached such a place without the affliction .
he stood beside a pile of gravel , leaning on his shovel as he looked at the mound of broken stone , as though considering its place in the universe .
it had all felt so wrong , like he was intruding on a world in which he had no place .
there seemed to be no way either forward or back ; she was stranded in a gray place while the ground under her feet crumbled .
still , every year that went by changed the world a little more , and she stayed the same , drifting further and further out into a future which had no use for her , no place set aside for adelaide anderson .
imprisoned , tortured , killed , exiled : proxy - battleground : < for anti - authoritarianism to - rule authoritarian future ... < fragmented , divided , regular shelling , keeping apart hidden infiltration- targets , masked and veiled ... threats : > pestilence , and plague < s on your house ! < < yours , too ! < > assured a place in paradise ?
it had no impact on my life up until now , it was something i had no worries or fears about , it had no place in my life .
a certain rhythm falls into place as our dialogues evolve .
joseph felt a little out of place at first but the others soon put him at ease .
and it follows from this that if we as a species are able gradually to shed all negative minds , which are in any event delusional , the world may in time seem to all of us a very different place .
and , flowing from the discussions he had had with peter seymour and the retreat in muskoka , he was grateful that his experience had enabled a renewal of his understanding of the universe and his place in it .
the timeless battle between idealistic and realistic takes place amongst the three memories .
but beyond that , nothing really fell into any sort of place .
gabriel , smiling again as he saw his sister so clearly , stood up and walked over to the writing desk , apparently put there for his benefit , for it seemed out of place in the parlor .
this was a ridiculous exercise of futility , of course , since even had he wanted towhich he did nothe could nt speak , could hardly move , could not even meaningfully nod his head ; it was too tightly forced against the pungent hide of the ass who seemed to resent being pressed into this revolting dutyit was sunday after all , and his rightful place this day of rest was in the fields , or in the stables , helping himself to a day - long lazy meal of grass or hay .
my dearest friend , she said , taking his warm , moist hand in her two fine and cool ones , there is no place in my life for a man .
and so giordano bruno , shifting into natha now as he dons his tall body of light , enters once again this wondrous place called the tusita heaven .
and then things fell into place , the missing thing stepped into view : of course .
she remained where she was , silent and searching , as if struck by something out of place .
by the time school started up again in the fall , music had become a refuge of sorts for her , a sacred place she could retreat into and simply vanish .
but before the bat lands her father dissolves into a mist which then becomes the world with all of its fathers and mothers and doctors and social workers and open - mouthed neighbors and stupid teenage girls chasing boys all with bats and she looks on helplessly as they storm through the door and walls and up through the floor and she knows that the world means to rid itself of this monster ; for this miracle , this wonderful , beautiful miracle means nothing out there , its a mystery , an aberration that has no place there , and all she can do as they proceed is watch .
his reasoning was all in place , documented facts supporting his minor conclusions along the way .
well , rustled the notion , how was it that the boy had blossomed in the first place ?
it fell into place , slowly , but with cruel certainty : anne wilson , his goddamn nurse , in league with anderson and that reilly girl no doubt , had tricked him into signing it .
anne looked out of place , a bit embarrassed .
she could not put her finger on what , just an uneasy feeling of something out of place .
discreet male or female nurses ( up to you ) took care of the liberation business as needed to relieve pressuresemen buildup takes place whether you re awake , or care , or not .
said as if very out of place .
questions had already begun to accumulate , it was automatic with her , as with any of her colleagues : things that did nt make sense , or did nt fall neatly into place .
then she read : arrak , the seed of the earth , has germinated long enough , has now taken root , has now risen to claim its rightful place on earth .
its not our place to change the course of things , said harrys pine .
and place .
heaven must be an empty place , said andreassen .
it has no place in the church , said bygge .
widely held by such research that a vast purge of existing scriptures , by the order of justinian i , took place throughout the kristian world , to ensure that no heretical referencessuch as origen had pointed to as supporting his view of transmigrationremained in the official version of the bible .
she wondered from what place in her knight - in - black had that story sprung , as if born fully grown , just stepping into the world .
for wherever the misty waves touchedever produced by the ever thirsty hostorderly life , or any semblance thereof , ceased as procreation took hold and place .
all she could tell was that major and complicated restoration was taking place below the surface ; major repair that she knew was generating unfelt , though impatient to make itself known , pain .
and she had wondered from what place within her knight - in - black , which is what she called me , had that story sprung , as if born fully grown , just stepping into the world .
isherwood points out that for patanjali both heaven and hell did indeed exist , but not as places outside the realm of senses , but right here within prakritias the ancients put it : the very cosmos we live in .
found her place : nirvitarka goes beyond our reactions to the object to perceive the thing - in - itself , as kant put it .
the experienceby sheer necessitytakes place in prakriti , one large step removed from atman .
this led , this meditation led , she could see that now , farther than simple ascension , for ascension took place , of course , within prakriti , within the world of senses and the sensed .
and instantly tongues ceased to wagthat is how he later came to think of it ; not that tongues were involved , or that wagging was taking place , but the instant silence that met his arrival reminded him of just that .
for wherever the misty waves touchedever produced by the ever - thirsty angel beneathorderly life , or any semblance thereof , ceased as procreation took hold and place .
an existence expired , no more making a difference , no more having a place in the world .
we deserve to die , both of us , if only to make the world that much better of a place .
i was expanding along with my body , becoming something more than i was before , properly filling a place in the world .
and he always gives the most tasteful funeral services , one of the wives had told her , i call upon him whenever my mother passes away and he always guarantees me a special place in heaven for her .
hell learn his place among the sweat simians soon enough .
ottomans story i suppose ill start by telling you how i ended up living as an untouchable in the first place .
despite rajus misgivings , yuri remained firm in her resolve that somewhere in those books was the answer that would allow o. to be granted a firm place in the family registry .
and with this small place in the larger order , he may simply become that which senses and reflectsand nothing morenot subject to individual consciousness , but subservient to the vast and infinite forces of reason that bind the cosmos .
the karakaze seemed violent and harsh in a way that seemed both consistent and familiar to her and , yet , now in the warm stillness of the pastry house , it seemed more a distant memory : a dream , that she may once have had that lacked a functional place in this reality shed entered .
and so , the returning half - breeds had had no comprehensible place in the melic reality .
i speak to you he said in a voice that seemed to emerge from behind what sounded like a thin curtain of falling water , from a place far away : through spectral fields of such vastness that i am a mere particle , spinning about in orbitsometimes evolving , sometimes devolving in evanescent sentience over a probabilistic course of uncertain trajectory .
as such , the benefits of this facilitys design could now be witnessed by the ease with which conversations took place between the inmates , all of whom happened to be occupying different cells .
he returned to the excesses of social life in his hometown of medvar with tales of this mystical place that served to arouse the imaginations of his dinner companions and the bitter envy of his rivals .
what else we will have proven i am not too sure , for i honestly do n't ' know how this can take place , only that it does .
by then , his father had arranged a place for him at the franciscan university of steubenville , ohio , which , together , they had already selected during his junior year in high school .
peace and harmony have no place in todays world .
meditation has its place in islam .
this , mind you , more than two thousand years before that notion finally found its rightful place in the annals of modern science .
kant set out by making a fresh analysis of the elements of knowledge , asking for the first time an extremely basic question : how is our experience possible in the first place ?
he further claimed that the historical development of these ideas demonstrates that what seemed humane and liberal at the time are in reality coercive and destructive , as they hold up as beacons what has already grown outmoded , and what never had any real meaning in the first place .
since its inception , vedanta has held an important place in indian philosophy and is still the subject of serious study among present - day philosophers in india , as well as among hindus throughout contemporary society .
religion as experience mediated by the sacred romanian scholar mircea eliade ( 1907 - 86 ) emphasized that religious people experience our ordinary world differently from non - religious people because they view it as a sacred place .
some structures , such as pueblo kivas , are built into the ground , thus acknowledging the earth as the place from which human beings emerged and as the source of sustenance for the pueblos agricultural society .
official acceptance the conversion of constantine the great to christianity assured the church a privileged place in society , and it soon grew easier to be a christian than not to be one .
as an example , despite the fact that jains reject many hindu beliefs , jains and hindus can still debate and thus jains are also hindus ; for such discourse does not ( and can not ) take place between hindus and muslims because they do not share any common ground .
and now , here , i find myself in the terrible place of not knowing english nearly well enough to do a job i could be proud of , and of not knowing swedish well enough anymore .
it is not my place to discuss him .
i said that if you can not get to it , any place , not necessarily eshs place , then it might as well be far away .
he opened his eyes again and looked around him , at the darkly paneled room , the large fireplace , the andy warhol prints , so out of place in this room , but his fathers favorites .
gerald nodded as the pieces fell into place .
any place where possessing is so revered and giving so despised , is a place so steeped in matter the spirit can no longer breathe .
any place where possessing is so revered and giving so despised , is a place so steeped in matter the spirit can no longer breathe .
when i was a kid and my older brother would visit he would seem like nothing less or more than a mysterious happy god to me , and he could always outwrestle me with one laughing , easy pin but could n't chip a golf ball worth a damn , and he got tired of even the most cordial visit by early evening and would shift his big shoulders uncomfortably on the sofa , herd his lovely wife and child into the car and disappear back to the glow of his own warm and orderly enclave in the inner city - a happy , geometric , centered space he understood , a place he could hold complete in his mind all at once , and loved .
as for what happened in the stories , they all took place in some ancient land that never existed and conan was the greatest of all the herosa barbarian , which i sort of imagined as the tough guys of the ancient world .
everyone else had real families and wore clothes that were nt ripped or unwashed and i felt out of place in the hallways hanging with the have - it - all crowd .
the wrens are happy with their place in the world and their new exotic digs in the jasmine vines .
they seem so at peace with their place .
he stands , open arms , and i find my place in them .
arbuthnoir let out a volley of laughter when he got to this place in the story .
i wanted her to believe me , even if i knew that i did nt even know if i would have a place in the queue when they started giving out jobs and positions in liberated keretani .
you drop out of it , lose your place , and that s it she shook her head wearily .
but as i said , if you drop out , even for a few years , that s it you ve lost your place .
lying there in the dark , physically anchored to this place and this reality , i would ache for the unattainable , for that envisioned place that had slipped away into the enveloping darkness and space .
we feared that there would be no place for us , in spite of all our grand plans and aspirations .
women have their proper place in african culture .
and however if it gives him / it , it is because it is everything to place .
mark has tried to say something but i has felt so out place that i have immediately minimized , confirming concepts already exploited in the phone call with my mother and generalizing on the age and on the scarce state of health of which you / he / she enjoyed mario .
i think whether to want well to see , every person has a place , a space , a territory defined that you / he / she tells of itself .
giving worths to simona , true organizer of the function , i could sustain that you / he / she had succeeded in turning the church into different place from my stereotype an almost pleasant place .
an awful scene took place between them on the spot in the garden ; marfa petrovna went so far as to strike dounia , refused to hear anything and was shouting at her for a whole hour and then gave orders that dounia should be packed off at once to me in a plain peasant 's cart , into which they flung all her things , her linen and her clothes , all pell - mell , without folding it up and packing it .
and since all were silent inside the gray building but for the ubiquitous soft cackles and the cackles were so uniform they had neither place nor origin and their sources went undifferentiated , and footsteps were pondered and suffocated by the slow bloodflows and the caked bloods , and lights were dimmed and all who drew silent breath were perfectly absorbed into blindness in their holistic veneration of the sacrifice , no one had any way of discerning anothers movement or position relative to themselves .
so do you have a place in gorkaland ?
these 1s and 0s resided in a cardboard box in the minivan parked outside , awaiting a tryst with a heavy - duty shredder and a final resting place in the section of the dump reserved for multi - million dollar confetti .
now i know at least that they put the wrong place on the gravestone .
remember : if one of the purposes of religion is to understand and transcend the reality all around you , pairing or assigning divine energy to the ways of nature is a good place to start .
and i would sit at the edge of this place , at the edge of my own murk and just watch .
but while the sacred moment , perhaps applied over a sacred place , is what mashipan strives for , above everything else , there are issues over what exactly that means : a sacred moment versus sacred place , those old confounding problems of time and space , are still being worked out .
i never felt so out of place in my life .
if there is no deal in place , then the prisoner pleads not guilty and the judge sets a trial date .
but then she realized the change had taken place inside the other woman in the room .
grace could nt think of anything else to say , and on top of that mrs . gentrys pleasant professionalism made graces own distrust of the woman seem out of place .
he seemed to understand his place in this historic event , and appeared to be relishing the moment .
it looked like now was the time , but she was nt sure if it was her place to explain .
the creature was not privy to the conversation , as it took place within their helmets , and the helmets were sound - proof .
steve was very concerned about his place in history , and how his handling of this mission would be perceived .
discovering an alien world and examining an inhabitant would certainly seal her place in scientific history .
her place in scientific history was secure .
perhaps , with time , the controversy would be forgiven , and their place in history would be restored .
maybe when things calm down , ill be looked at sympathetically , and have some place in this whole history .
he saw a miracle taking place , amidst a great tragedy .
i began to realize my place in the world .
every day , and as most inner city kids know , school was not an active place of learning .
piper was going to fight for her place in school for as long as she could .
you wonder what this place really is beyond the caul of the dream which birthed it .
i m sorry josh , but i do nt think its my place to butt in .
it 's not my place to ask , and i ' m sure as hell not going to tell them . ''
` ` if you are , you have no place on our court . ''
they have a lot of power behind their name and a rather twisted view of their place in the world .
somehow palmetto state grated more against him , maybe because his jersey and place on the team demanded people pay attention to him .
everything has fallen so perfectly into place for you .
it took a moment for her words to settle into place .
' it is about taking my rightful place .
it is not my place to decide what that man should and should not do .
he has no place in his life for disappointing sons .
mr . dawsley was slightly drunk and not in a good place emotionally .
he thinks gossips deserve a special place in hell .
no clear path to self - sufficiency , no impetus to break from his static place into a forward motion .
but at least his place in heaven is preserved , until he kills someone .
` ` there is a place for both science and religion .
despite the domestic mess made by his sons that day , the momentum of business and progress swelled ray 's sense of place in the world .
` ` poetry ai n't got no place here but he 's a fine man i 'll grant you that . ''
` ` something took place up there which caused them to return , i fear the hand of the shaman was involved , the children are being held on the charges of causing the death of the runner hotchas and trying to interfere with the return of the gods themselves . ''
@ awitchery has taken place here tonight , @ the commander said quietly but his mind was on other matters , he shouted to his men , aform up , the incas must be defeated swiftly before they have recovered from their shock .
@ awitchery has taken place here tonight , @ repeated the commander quietly to himself .
paddy watched him moving about , an occasional moan escaped from the boy 's lips , it was clear that his sleep was not a haven of refuge , a place where the terrors of the day were forgotten .
@ athen i shall make preparations , the carpenter shall begin work at once on a place of confinement for this creature that has crawled up from the nether world .
the exertions of celebration had exhausted them , not even the customary arguments over taking each others space had taken place , they had fallen into their berths praising the divine intervention of the good priest father salamanga .
several warriors were pointing to the place they were heading to ; set between the peaks of extremely high mountains a smaller peak jutted upwards , its sides were approaching vertical , its top seemed as sharp as a thorn .
@ awhen the power of the shaman and the crystal skulls has been destroyed by his death the child will be free to pass to whatever place her soul desires .
i have knowledge that this took place through the power of the incas holy man , known to them as shaman .
see , i realize all of this now because i ve had the time to think about the mistakes that got me on the streets in the first place .
i pondered means of escape , but they all ended in the same place hans racing to catch me , the bad samaritan pulling out some gun , me getting run over , me getting beaten to death .
if the new kid had not found a place within a couple of days , he would have no place at all and be forced into the crowd of misfits at the shallow end of the social pooland no one ever made it out of there .
~ ~ ~ thursday , may 18 the clarksdale courtroom for the fifth circuit court of appeals feels like a place that only ever existed in the imagination of harper lee .
a record shop and a head shop have no place on the square .
then word passes through the assembly of a mishap that s just taken place in one of the shops .
my instincts tell me to bolt and run , but my better judgment advises me to take my place in line and brazen my way through .
it 's a feeling that everyone and everything has fallen into place as the universe has meant it .
war is uncivilized- it has no place in civilization .
the nuremberg trial of the nazi hierarchy continued to hold top place in stars and stripes , life and newsweek , as well as the newsreels that preceded every movie .
in the last half - hour of daylight , a sleet - filled rain began to slash down , impeding their vision and making the open deck a place of freezing misery .
i was physically and emotionally in a different place than before .
a part of him could n't forgive himself , though , because it was his fault zeus had gained control in the first place .
some kind of war was taking place below and humanity was losing .
i have confirmed that my monster , my darkness , and my suffering have brought me to a place of higher learning ; and through our personal tragedy and trauma , we grow .
the only place for me to go is out of my body .
it might take years for one to feel how much one has changed in the self due to the twin soul union , but as time goes by an integration or birth of ones real self is starting to take place .
this outer search is very painful and sooner or later one will feel that there is no other way to connect with the twin than to reach for the deepest place in ones own inner self .
sooner or later you will begin to feel that you must surrender yourself to the spiritual and very emotional process that starts to take place at the inner levels .
i believe that it all flows from the self , if you know your self , everything else will fall into place .
releasing all difficult and painful feelings will lead the soul to a place of tranquility and peace .
to find my place in this new existence .
there is no longer any place for you in my dreams . ''
how long she was in this place she would never know ; without matter and space there is no time .
amelia experienced sashas childhood memories and another piece of that lifetime began to fall into place .
she knew that her lifetime as sasha took place in russia during the time of the roman empire .
no one remembered when mother animals first began training their off - spring to serve humans , or how that came to happen in the first place .
she tried her best to explain what had happened to her as they hiked up the hill and traced their way back to the canyon labyrinth , to a place that amelia remembered well .
as her knees gave way , she slumped to the floor in a mental miasma , her strange world drifting away to the sound of the old mans voice , chattering blithely onward , as she was slipped out of his world and into a place somewhere beyond consciousness where hopefully , she thought , shed be able to finally rest .
tremendous upheaval was taking place as the tectonic plates shifted , causing volcanic eruptions , earthquakes that tore the planet and towering tsunamis that wiped out entire cities .
but in this place she felt love that was beyond anything she had ever known .
and through that light , everyone felt the dimension that exists between the worlds the place where man lives along with the one who thought him up , where the dimensions of light gather together and where every loving thought and every act of kindness is held throughout time , space and dimensions .
its a place where ideas are born and dreams are acted out .
was it my place to tell barbie that she was all wrong , that such things were nt possible ?
i had a place .
the place where i was going into a trance and writing strange things and getting socially rewarded for it .
that is your place .
work is not fun , it is not my place .
here , home is my place .
` ` ... and by concentrating upon one 's minor place within the overall scheme of things , ones negative residual emotions would somehow solidify and finally pass on out of the body physical .
i damn sure know where i am going and i am sure that our elders are pulling us toward a purposeful place they are sure of , too .
` ` your embarrassment , harry , is vanity and while vanity may be a useful device in the forest of content , it has no place within the jungle of imagination .
` ` your embarrassment is vanity , random , and as i ' ve heard tell , it has no place within the jungle of imagination . ''
` ` now , now i ' m sure you think there is such a place , but i suspect that it is more apt to be found within your head than upon any specific piece of ground .
i 'll remember you as a fourth level vagabond on an ecstasy quest and you can remember me as a playful , foolish old goat , sitting on the throne of ecstasy dreaming of a timeless place !
it was at that point , that harry discovered that though he was , indeed , slow , and though his spiritual muscles were weak from habitual sloth and disuse and doubt , still it all began to fall rapidly into place and instincts and abilities dormant for untold lifetimes suddenly came to him without effort , as if they had been his -- always !
at one time in the distant past , each and every one must have been clothed in the specific fashion of a particular age , denoting his place in time and point of origin .
my past is a nothing , a boredom upon the story and of only minor importance but a place to start .
1 ( 1 ) a life of change ( 2 ) chronic fatigue syndrome - the beginning ( 3 ) finding a place ( 4 ) me and the cold war ( 5 ) the invincible land rover ( 6 ) get in line ( 7 ) working my ticket ?
section two ( 7 ) let me give you some advice ( 8 ) the best in the world ( 9 ) every psycho should write ( 10 ) after the last story ( 11 ) how i became a writer ( 12 ) a writer 's power section three ( 13 ) literary trends ( 14 ) shakespeare 's secret ( 15 ) a novel character ( 16 ) how to write twisty tales ( 17 ) how to create a character ( 18 ) originality be damned ( 19 ) an emotive writer memoirs section one ( 1 ) a life of change ( 2 ) chronic fatigue syndrome - the beginning ( 3 ) finding a place ( 4 ) me and the cold war ( 5 ) the invincible land rover ( 6 ) get in line ( 7 ) working my ticket ?
even though our conversations had only taken place inside my head , the absence of the real woman somehow put an end to them .
my c - father left me plenty of information to ensure my place in the company should the old guard oppose me .
if we want to know whether there s a god , and if we have a soul and what s our place in the universe and in the whole of reality extending to the multiverse and beyond , it has to come from physics because god is being so silent on so many details .
nothing seemed menacing or inappropriate or even out of place .
supermarket the a & p is a supermarket , a higher exchange , an inexhaustible reservoir , a place so complete it can embrace its own contradictions : it is both abattoir and garden , sacrifice and harvest , death and life .
no one could have been more out of place in cecilia quisbys elegant apartment .
could it be that i was wrong about anima , about its place in the line of literature which went from homer to rabelais to sterne to joyce and then , unerringly , i believed , to our own beloved dement .
surely , there was a place for genius still , a place for something as fresh and new and invigorating as jim nozoufist and his cracked , portmanteau tome .
surely , there was a place for genius still , a place for something as fresh and new and invigorating as jim nozoufist and his cracked , portmanteau tome .
i did nt think our rapport could translate to another venue and as soon as i saw her i deflated , unsure of why i was there in the first place , hoping that i could slip out the back or bleed through the floorboards .
she would be a collector of such stories she had said , to give them an enduring form and place in the annals of literature written in sri lanka .
a place of rest perhaps , but not one that has been freely afforded to her .
he is now reaching to an inner place of his own .
unbound in potentials for discoveries even in the most mundane ; the world is always such a large place , in childhood ... ... one thing was the seating .
a distance setting them apart in their places in time .
throughout the narrative of human inhabitation of this earth , the story has always had its place to interpret the world as man saw it .
whether it was the fear of the blank page or just that i was nt able to find the right words to express what i needed to , i was at a place that no writer likes ; a place where it seems impossible to break down that wall that haunts our nightmares .
whether it was the fear of the blank page or just that i was nt able to find the right words to express what i needed to , i was at a place that no writer likes ; a place where it seems impossible to break down that wall that haunts our nightmares .
it also leads him to question all his beliefs despite warnings that speaking his questions aloud could land him a place in the next great exodus .
i ve told you of the importance of mercy and compassion in the throne , but have i not also told you that there s no place for cowardice in kingship ?
are you absolutely sure you would like a place on the council ?
or , maybe the change was nt merely starting but had already taken place , in effect .
as well , hunger felt throughout the community had given rise to raiding and theft , in which i took chief place , i have no doubt .
what place for us in kingdom ?
what place in feallengod ?
you joke but so you are known , so take your place within the camp , use your authority to take charge .
look , friend , you have no place here .
she tried thinking back to what had attracted her in the first place .
hannah , it 's not our place to judge .
awareness of the universe places humanity in a very privileged place in the space - time of our cosmos .
awareness of the universe places humanity in a very privileged place in the space - time of our cosmos .
the day of the modern philosopher should encompass the current revolution in technology and science that is taking place without its input .
yet on the scale of the infinitesimal , quantum theory places homo sapiens in a very privileged position as the observer that causes the spectrum of possible world lines of a system to collapse into one definite world line as soon as he makes an observation .
the total spectrum of trust goes from the childish total trust to that barren place of total skepticism .
in terms of questioning productivity the cosmos provides the better market place .
the sense of smell that was once very necessary for survival now has a very subsidiary place in our existence .
no longer will we have to rely on the tribal stories , those old mythical allegories , for a basic representation of our place in the world .
to understand our place in the world we first have to know what it is that the world consists of .
it took more than a thousand years for the understanding of our place to take on the seeds of modernity .
mankind saw that it occupied a totally insignificant place in the greater picture of reality .
mankind now saw his place in a reality that extended from fiery birth some thirteen billions of years ago to the present era when the size of the known universe is dictated by the distance traveled at the speed of light in that time .
does it actually matter to humanity if it has a blinkered view of its place in the cosmos ?
where are the modern monks who , armed with the vastly changed view of our place in the cosmos , scan the distance for sight of shore ?
we are part of the world and can not escape it to really understand our place in it .
first the earth was no longer flat , then no longer the center of the world , then no longer a special place in the firmament and now potentially no longer a special world within an infinity of worlds .
in humans its complex development in the brain allowed the development of language which allowed complex human interaction to take place and it is this interaction that is the basis of all our anxieties and mental pain .
heaven will be a place where there is no pain - the soul , the disembodied person , will dwell in the aura of love emanating from the patriarchal divine presence .
boy 2 , who happened to be friends with boy 1 and was probably why he had ever was interested in her in the first place , lasted through junior prom , a great relief to both of them .
maybe the worst thing , karen now thought , was the degree to which she lazily accepted her everyday lack of direction , place , and focus .
he was anchored at home to his private practice and his place in society .
the function was to take place in a small hotel on the terrace .
i d always been a watcher of horizons as if there was some magical place just out of sight beyond the curvature .
i am writing you as kaylee but i still see you as kate , the love of my life , and now you have taken her place and have taken her place in my heart .
she paused as her mind seemed to wander to another place .
she went asleep quickly taken to another place within her dreams .
they had a very special place for me in heaven and wanted to get me there right away so that i did nt disappoint god and the plans he had for me .
the place you seek can never be found by seeking , yet only seekers find it , proclaimed the mystic .
i sank into that familiar place , purchasing sanity with the coin of delusion .
he and mike had the same short curly hair and the sensuous lips that had attracted her to mike in the first place .
they had driven the army crazy ; not hard to do because the inde believed they were crazy in the first place .
thank you and happy reading , matthew w larrimore editor / founder four ties lit review ~~~ table of contents ~ non - fiction announcing your place by kristine mcrae market days in oaxaca by nina vincent teaching chronicles by nicki blackwell ~ fiction dreams in steno by erin f. robinson gwen and kittens ground truths by kimberly cawthon division of new hope by john steinhanen ~ poetry riversongby jenny root the commuteby benjamin norris untitled bysimon perchik lovers in a cellar by kevin oberlin state of motion by paul sacksteder apprenticeship by sandy hiortdahl streetlamps as milemarkers by clair bowman fast food by jonathan holland a previous version of this poem was published in twizted tungz magazine a hard day teaching by patrick frank previously published open salon.com blog bending by sherilyn lee how to survive on ketchup and water by danielle hunt with pantyhoseby april salzano angel # 2,473 , n series by sarah brown weitzman ~ art gallery do you see what i see by greg glau new your city restraunt 2012 by ira joel haber low tide oyster harvest by pete madzelan powered sky by lean givens snake work by susana h case calvert and preston by toni martsoukos ~ about the authors ~ about the editors ~~~ snake work by susana case non - fiction announcing your place by kristine mcrae market days in oaxaca by nina vincent teaching chronicles by nicki blackwell ~ announcing your place by kristine mcrae its almost valentines day again .
i comfort myself with the thought that any amount of teaching that takes place is a positive step .
then it was his , a strange room , a place for ghosts .
a corn - fed midwesterner , freckled and big - boned , sascha had always seemed out of place at the elite mcclintock school .
the only crime that occurred took place at my clients home , and parkings tapped his fingers on his notepad .
time , as if aware of her pro - taganism , slowed down coquettishly , as if jealous of the shuttle , but proud of her place in the show , 4:20 am .
no one should enter such a demonic place .
plants must fight for their right to live , and they must fight for their place in the sun , or in the shade , whichever the plant need to live out its life and fulfill its destiny .
michael learned to revere all life and respect each and everything , because each thing has its place and fulfills a need in the larger scheme of things .
he firmly believed that loads of scientific advancements had taken place and some very good - intentioned people were evolving a new thinking , based on holistic , assimilative and integrative wisdom of old and new for making the globe a peaceful and prosperous place to live for billions of people .
the matter , the body , the action are so obsessively part of our karma and world view that the idea , the mind and the golden leisure gets no place .
i firmly believe uttu , when we will have a world view , which will be adorned by the feminine principles of love and compassion , we will find in place an alternative mental training mechanism .
first , my perception that media , where i work , has become such a place that i think i should not be a part of anymore .
if he says he wants to go to himalayas for a honeymoon with his girl then it is okay with me but i can not accept that this world , or for that matter the media has become an awful or unsuitable place to be in .
the media world is such a small place .
the wife and husband therefore pledge and accept that in the heaven of marriage , violence , both of thought and action , shall have no place .
a great power , impossible to understand , had thrust the trout into a place so different , and so painful , that the exhausted fish simply submitted , and no longer struggled to live the life it had always known .
whenever anything new goes into place , we ask the company to give an initial notification to our members in writing .
her place is home , with her husband .
to gain a place in the one hundred it is very much a case of dead mans shoes , do you understand ?
i take it i get his lordships place ?
for many fans the images of moore being held aloft , the ricochet off the underside of the crossbar and nobby stiles manic dancing are nt just distant memories , they are history that took place before they were even born .
despite the metamorphosis that had taken place , it took little effort for maggie to visualise the house that peter had occupied with his ex - wife .
jane was a mere ego trip and had no place in his life next to maggie .
there were a couple of new pictures amongst the collage of celebrities adorning the walls , but otherwise the only changes were those that had taken place outside .
grateful for the conversation coming from the kitchen , maggie headed towards the welcoming distraction in the same manner she might walk past an old friend that she really could nt be bothered talking to ; with her eyes fixed on a distant object , so as to ensure that the she did not inadvertently make the eye - contact that was crucial for such a reunion to take place .
vivian nodded enthusiastically , instantly reminding maggie of the nodding dog that stephen had won at the easter show last year , and that still occupied a place of honour on the shelf above his bed .
he did nt seem to notice how out of place he looked with the cheerful music playing from hidden speakers and the streamers and tinsel that was slung around everywhere .
i do nt believe god is mean or vengeful and i do nt think god would make people spend eternity in a place like hell , or heaven for that matter .
she would have squeezed every last ounce of summer out of the days before the metamorphosis took place and the summer of her childhood became the season she now recognised .
her blue eyes were all that saved her from looking like the walking dead , their lively shade looking as much out of place on her frightened face as red lipstick on a corpse .
she loved being high ; the world was a much nicer place .
the spa had become like a festival site , a place outside everyday life .
the dream they had shared together had been of a place of true freedom .
whilst performing stu considered how the darkness seemed to clean the sound ; crystallising it so everything found its place .
like yardley but unlike music , he understood that emotion had no place in winning strategies .
a sheet of notes shed taken from overseas calls had been marking her place in a jeffrey archers prodigal daughter , which trudie had left her to read .
their home became a kind of clubhouse the dc glaser writer 's club it made her skin crawl sometimes the way they 'd looked at her putting her in a place in what they thought her place should be she was the wife just the wife unworthy of attention or notice a cog a servant david treated her that way and they watched like children they treated her the same and she went along with it .
the girl comes and it seems for a moment as though david is going to embrace her he looks at you and there is something in his face you know that there is something hidden and malicious you know his face that well he shakes the girl 's hand instead and you make a sound a hissing a sound of anger and frustration and hurt and you drift away because there is no place for you here you can not bear to remain here and witness this .
when they first moved here david had been so proud to give her this room had presented it like a new parent to their child this is for you your place .
she is in her thirties she sits on the floor with a bottle of wine under the crook of one arm her bare toes massaging the carpet her bare cheek pressed against the cool windowpane and the clack of the typewriter fills the room he looks at her and smiles she smiles back this is love here in this room filling all of the world their new home their new place in the world to her it feels so right so whole she watches him write the wine is pleasantly bitter on her tongue he writes until he can not and he frowns at the page and she rises to cross the room and wrap her arms around his neck he asks her to read it to tell him what she thinks of it and she does she leans forward and types the first sentence of the next paragraph and looks at him with one eyebrow cocked he reads it and laughs thank you sweetheart he says and brushes a kiss against her cheek you 're right you 're right that 's it he laughs she smiles she hugs him feels the warmth of his body filling her the sunset is streaming red and gold through the window and they are here creating together and there ink - wet on the page is their child taking slow shape taking form coming into the world now they look into each other 's eyes and smile this is real this is real love .
there 's no place for art in writing anymore , no goddamn audience for it !
my grampa told me they would find them very soon after asking me some questions about why i was back there in the first place .
if others have blundered , it is your place to put them right , and show them what true delicacy is . ''
you do not seem properly aware of the wonderful improvement that has taken place in her looks .
lady bertram was not certain of anybody 's dress or anybody 's place at supper but her own .
nobody was in their right place , nothing was done as it ought to be .
he had guessed his feelings ; and , having reason to think that one interview with miss crawford had taken place , from which edmund derived only increased distress , had been anxious on that account to get him out of town , and had engaged him in taking fanny home to her aunt , with a view to his relief no less than theirs .
in time they convey all things to their proper place , and although winnie wrote his words truly and without any other motive all words have their place , and so sped his words towards those places and such consequences as awaited them there .
in time they convey all things to their proper place , and although winnie wrote his words truly and without any other motive all words have their place , and so sped his words towards those places and such consequences as awaited them there .
in time they convey all things to their proper place , and although winnie wrote his words truly and without any other motive all words have their place , and so sped his words towards those places and such consequences as awaited them there .
poor winstanley tried to close his mind , but there was no latch that would hold out this darkness from that place .
it was dependent upon favour that winnie had heaped up in a place outside of the world , and these things occurred largely there and not within in this limited world .
your place , your family , its a dream .
underneath the big letters written in countless hands and many colors of ink were song lines people had written as favorites , favorites to save and share in a place where they would be seen , appreciated and compared with all the other great lines that had come from songs that had found a place in some particular heart .
he suggested that she might want to find a place that was just her own outside her condo , a place where her deepest feelings were safe .
even my birth mother will have a place here if she wishes it .
butterscotch coloured pine needles covered the forest floor , and the only other living things amanda could see were the ferns and mosses that had claimed their own places in the woods .
lucy had gone very early in the morning to pick up christa at the private psychiatric hospital and everyone was relieved that she was in a calm place between the ecstasy and anguish they had all come to fear .
one after another the children led the camera to places that held memories that held a place in their heart that would last forever .
when tom opened up the family vault underneath dense rambler roses , ann marie was absolutely taken with the idea of having a private place to keep psychic treasures , a place that was safe and strong and impregnable .
if the fates could take decades to bring her to the place and the circumstances of her present life , perhaps that place and those circumstances might have a meaning far beyond anything she would ever be able to understand .
amanda knew he was right even though it was her room and her place with her father she was being asked to give up .
his eyes followed her , touched her and held her like it was like a place all her own where she felt she would always belong .
it made the smell seem strange and out of place and almost artificial .
it looked very much like the view from where laura used to park with eugene long ago , the same place she had parked with george marshall the night of the high school reunion when the moments began that led to her place in the soft chair were she sat .
loss could have a place as well as a time .
the house was a great success , and tom had planned a party to celebrate , and so he produced , from the refrigerator and cupboards , drinks and cheeses and snacks , and he pushed buttons on a black remote control and music came on , and it was amanda singing , there s a place for us .
he just sat on her like he was claiming a place that really mattered , and that was almost , actually his .
it was then she really appreciated eugenes effort in finding old airmail paper and envelopes to complete the illusion that gave time and imagination a solid place in the world .
the big knot of grief inside each person had its place among the great grief they all shared among the family , among the multitude .
a woman who could count her sexual experiences on one finger of one hand sat opposite a woman who had known countless lovers ; a woman withered with age sat across from a young woman of breathtaking beauty ; a woman who had only known one place in her life sat opposite a woman who had never been able to find a place in the world .
they would pause and listen and be silent and remember the poem and find its place in the heart , and then reply with a poem from another drawer where it was kept in the vault of truth and beauty .
tom saw the pain of the truth flicker over every face in the candlelight , and he was most touched by how deeply it held its place in ians eyes , so he tried to change the subject .
time found them a place together , even if it was all in their imagination .
lying there perfectly still , she had the overwhelming feeling she was falling , falling through a blackness in which space and time seemed to have traded places or meaning , or both .
all memories have a sense of place and , until that moment , she did not realize it was impossible to go back to her old life .
seeing the imaginary house on the table in front of her made amanda realize that her new life was really beginning , and it would be many years before she again had a sense of place that was truly a part of her .
anthony went on talking about poetry and how it can transform the feelings we have about ourselves and others , and even about our place in the world .
i was thinking through a series of only not even vaguely related episodes , when something clicked into place .
mother holds to her beliefs that sex should be within holy matrimony , and that it is the natural place of women to be wives and mothers .
and , who knows jimmy ; perhaps we could free her from that place and bring her home with us .
the only consolation is that at least most of this kind of construction work takes place at the level below , out of the firing line .
the reasons why it broke out in the first place are now lost in the mists of time , at least for ordinary soldiers like us .
some things are so destroyed you could never hope to know what they were in the first place .
this was the trip of my destiny , my calling , a chance to find my place in the world !
they are the controllers and doers of the land , they know their place , and the mortals know theirs .
for they are the controllers and doers of the land , they know their place , and the mortals know theirs .
for the gods are the controllers and doers of the land , they know their place , and the mortals know theirs .
but perhaps it is most essential not to entirely forget and reject what got you there in the first place .
with literary heroes and nobel laureates like pablo neruda and gabriela mistral , and volcanoes by the names of pirepillan ( demon of the snow ) and petrohue ( land of the mists ) , its no surprise that the country has earned its place in the hearts of literature lovers .
after initial introductions and chit - chat donna gave her a briefing on her history with her husband and the many incidents that had taken place over a ten - year period .
in his youth , he had wanted nothing more than to leave his hometown of bahlia , to see the world and to find his place ; now , he understood that , in doing so , he had given himself over to endless wanderings , a life of migration from life - to - life , albeit not necessarily a set of migrations one must view as physical , but rather a set of migrations between circumstances , a set of migrations where the players surrounding him were just as likely to move as he , but nonetheless , a set of migrations calling forth a life unalterable only by its lack of permanence .
suffice it to say that they allthe bunnu - of - moments - past not excepteddwelled now exclusively in a place best referred to as elsewhere : a realm unattainable and elusive , the most viable substitute for which existed only in dreams .
so much so that mon seigneur - q managed , within the first twenty minutes of his meeting with them , to earn himself a temporary place in yami as the states chief practitioner in the new scientific discipline of phrenology .
and thus , in spite of his financial failuresand in spite of his self - styled identity as an outsider the boy had nonetheless found a permanent place among the people .
listen i say : i speak to you now from a place far away ; through spectral fields of such vastness that i am a mere particle , spinning in orbitsometimes evolving , sometimes devolving in evanescent sentience over a probabilistic course of uncertain trajectory .
in bypassing the necessity for codes , there was , thus , no longer any chance for even the minutest fragment of his message to be lost in its translation , almost as though this entire interaction took place on the biochemical levelwe might view it as biochemical in a similar fashion , perhaps , to the way communication between ants may occur on the level of the pheromone , as often even evidenced through the usage of propaganda pheromones to alter the behavior of rival ant factions .
concurrent with this process of forgetting , his mental recognition of the external world grew hazier and hazier , until there existed for him no longer any comprehension of his place in the larger order of things ; he came only to perceive the universe in terms as basic and autonomic as his own involuntary reflexes .
he admired their tenacity , and more importantly , their lack of concern regarding their place in the ecosystem .
a melodious sound echoed and muddled itself in its own reverberations : i understood this to be her voice reaching me from a faraway place .
i can not explain this place to you , for it is far beyond your imagination .
such an action was not uncommon among penitent priests , but would otherwise seem unusual and out of place for those who sought to live among the worldly .
it required a special individual to wield self - doubt as one might a chisel to carve from his surroundings a universe with him in its center ; beings lesser than such gifted folks , after all , were hard - pressed not to regard as immutable the conditions of the world forced upon them and should hence seek simply to mold for themselves a place malleable to its whims .
i might be able to do it for a short time , but if i am not occupied with something myself , i will begin to feel unfulfilled by my place in things .
maybe if i had become more ambitious about the sort of work i did , or the sort of place i held in society , i would appear fulfilled to others .
ambitions have their place in the ebb and flow of species reproduction , adaptation , survival , and migration .
certainly , bhakti had been in and out of the surface city often enough ( he still officially resided in his own flat , though he had spent most nights out with his hooligan friends , as durga called them ) to see the economic and social transformations taking place .
surely , by the end of this process , he would have succeeded in emblazoning an indelible place for himself in their minds and imaginations .
bunnu had a choice : either to mend the plate with certain shards missing or out of their proper positions ; or to leave the shattered plate unmended , thereby granting those newly liberated ceramic particles their freedom from the molds which had once oppressed them and which had invariably limited their potentialin this latter case , however , it would have been difficult to determine whether these newly liberated entities would value their independence , or crave again their safer and less exceptional place in union with the larger homogeneous super - entity .
this was possibly an unsympathetic thing to sayit could have been taken to imply that the existence of such unlikely cosmic fools as the pierrot was a necessity , that these sick comedians had no choice in the matter , as though there were no other place in the cosmos for them than as the menacing brutes they had become : naturally , this was an abhorrent and depressing thought .
and so , over the course of weeks and months , this mutual interplay of dependences , upon each and the other , fused between these former foes an affable bond which grew so deep that bunnu almost did nt mind viewing the ant as his pet , so long as the little ruffian knew its place in the ecosystem of this household and did nothing to disturb the pax he had established by weight of his authority .
now spin left three times , close your eyes after the second turn , and say -- too bad for heaven , too good for hell ; what place can there be for a soul like me to dwell ?
the fly cover was missing , the spine broken ; why the woman should have risked prosecution for such a worthless thing in the first place , i could not imagine .
we came upon a three - story victorian , which seemed out of place on this street , and it did nt appear to be a college kids house .
the mechanized electrified trolleys transported and transposed people to places new or routine everyday .
when we were all together as a family , my world had been a place of joy and love .
a sense of easiness with the world and his place in it ?
i thought back to the accident and everything i had witnessed from a place outside my body , and needed to know what really happened .
that story will always hold a special place in my heart , for it was the compass that pointed me back to the true essence of my life .
then , he was alone , in one place , a place of darkness and cold .
what better place for that young girl to end her time on earth than here , at the place the utes had called the womb of the world ?
ill be able to continue my family , ill have a house , relatives to come round and visit , a group to spend sundays with and eat cake with and watch kids grow up with , a place on the pta , a role in society .
what is his place in the universe and how does it affect you ?
but for someone to accidentally register on the form that a surgical operation took place is more than just a slip of the hand .
what place will i occupy in your memory ?
he told himself it was not his place to argue about this .
and no , i do not believe it is our place to push or encourage such things at this moment in time .
this country would hold a special place in their hearts not because of the wonders they had seen , but because of the people that had touched them : whites and blacks in love with their homeland , ready to die in it and for it ; the individuals and families who faced death and terror daily , while holding their heads high ; the grieving and hurting people determined to believe that the goodness in human nature would not be extinguished by the delusions of evildoers .
does the little afrikaner girl feel a bit out of place ?
feminine entities are still struggling for their rightful place .
a woman assured of wellness has no place for dreams in her sleep .
i need to learn from you what is this place in life i must belong .
but instead of being ashamed of this fact , meredith had somehow trained us to project an obtuse pride at our removal from any place of importance .
we were of another place .
from this i learned that a writer must be prepared to accept all burdens of fear as they arrive , because fear delivers the writer to a place where they are forced to evaluate life and lifes worth .
while this drama took place off wings , so to speak , the navajo performed in his artificial case .
the implication clicks into place in my head .
he walks away as the name clicks into place in my mind .
he touched her face in the same way she was touching the cheek of his body , and his mother shuddered into tears from a feeling she could nt quite place .
i have a feeling you will always hold a special place in johns heart , aunt rose said .
my regret with sam was that i never got to experience the other side of being his stepmom , moving beyond our initial awkwardness to a place where we showed how much we cared .
it came from the place where dark meets light , a plane of wisdom unknown to mankind , uncharted , not spoken of save by gods and giantsthese speaking in shallow tones , colorless and vague .
we beseech the place of skull .
` ` your boorish behavior has no place here .
this monstrous ship has no place in this little backwater and we are the peace corps .
he went on to explain how the poet had grown to identify with the local peoples political ideals and had won a permanent place in their history , so far from his birthplace .
she made no attempt to relate the dream to her situation or interpret its meaning but it felt like returning from a distant place where there was a hint of danger .
these animals held a privileged place in the life of the village but when the time came for slaughter , it was a grisly process which many expats criticised for its cruelty .
min commented on the fact that only two of the students concerned were near each other and she wondered if and how cheating had taken place .
it was just that at that moment he was feeling that the world was not a fit place to bring kids into .
somehow a circle had been joined finally in surroundings of indescribable beauty and she knew her place in the universe at last .
he spent his childhood and youth in this manner , topping school exams and ranks , ultimately gaining a place at one of the countrys top universities to study engineering .
dhadhi constantly reassured her that everything would fall into place eventually .
quite unknowingly , he made a special place within her heart .
just yesterday it was just the two of us o i need to let go of all my fears damned ego we need to open up to new life but do nt call it love no , do nt call it love so we walk down the street without looking back girl holding our hands wind at our backs we are making it as you take from your purse for our daughter two gloves but do nt call it love no , do nt call it love because its deeper than that its purer than that its stronger than that so tired of what all the liars have said no love song needed tonight tuck her in for the night now we have time just you and i just you and i so much more like just you and i with her by our side sure as sin i m not the man you think i am i m crazy and i m cruel i once did things by the book until i burned the golden rule and if god loves me i hope to hell i fall in love with him they say this stubbornness will kill me kill me , sure as sin so damn all this loneliness this loveless lack of faith i d sell my soul to anyone who d help me find my place though that is neither here nor there someday we all will win they say this vanity will kill me kill me , sure as sin so farewell all you good old boys good night my bad news girls i can not stay another night in this hotel called the world with no cure and no care nor friend nor foe nor kin they say this wanderlust will kill me kill me , sure as sin i know the look of the man in the mirror and i feel his icy touch if he s still alive tomorrow i wo nt love him half as much or ill miss him in a different sense as if he d never been born to play this poker game that will break me break me , sure as sin so dance with me my lovely girl since i knew you long ago before we were born to love or learn or hate or heal or know that everything upon this earth and all that s ever been will fall like fruit from an evil tree unbelievably sweet as sin then sing your song soft and low or sing it loud and hard you can not choose your death but you can hold these cards a joker and a jack three skulls and two redskins they say this blood - feud will kill us all kill us , sure a s sin but if not for this sorrow the heartache and the pain if it was nt for this sad song tell me what would remain ?
it was that stint at the shop - n - save that had gotten him interested in crime fighting in the first place .
she knew how horribly trapped i was and that i was steering both of us towards a dangerous and unrecoverable place .
it was nt long after i moved down here that i realized how out of place i was .
why she ever agreed to go out with him in the first place is still a mystery even to her .
maybe my place in this family is behind the scenes .
maybe my place in this family will always be somewhere on the outside , looking in .
there was a lot of work and jockeying to take place before those words were even considered .
maybe its a matter of finding a place on the docket .
she told it about what was going on in her life , about her troubles , about her dreams that she felt she could nt quite meet , about her feelings of helplessness , about the love she wanted to honestly and intimately share , about her place in the world and what she felt she could do to be a healthy , happy part of itand then she sighed and again began to walk away .
i am a man now because that part of myself that was still a boy has grown enough to get me to that place .
in this space , there was a connection beyond place .
and the wind sometimes seemed to gust through a secret tunnel from one spot of the earth to another , making its way through the core , going to and coming from a far off place of unknown planets and stars .
a person came to a place where the interactions of relationships within the world presented certain other people as examples of warningsbut in a way where each were real people experienced as another , as possible future selves , as possible past selves , where what it was to be oneself extended throughout all of possibility .
many other experiences were explorations within the self of these someones and the persons self , taking place in different possible selves and different possible worlds .
so , yes , this unearthly place was literally not earth .
it was the place of his vision .
and now i m mad at myself for wishing it , for not being grateful that i had gotten to know her in the first place at all .
foremost of all , my brothers tushar , aayush , gaurav and karan who ve been active critics of the plot , the language , my one - time haggardly beard , and basically anything that they presumed to be out of place .
nakul nodded reverently , just like a monk in a monastery where the head priest was about to reveal their true place in the universe .
maybe those are for people who know their place in society and revel in it .
your place at offendene is too sombre .
he was ceasing to care for knowledge unless it spoke to his emotions ; and he dreaded , as if it were a dwelling - place of lost souls , that dead anatomy of culture which turns the universe into a mere ceaseless answer to queries , and knows , not everything , but everything else about everything as if one should know everything about the scent of violets while being unable to detect it oneself .
woe to the men who see no place for resistance in this generation !
she imagined a larger place for herself in his thoughts than she actually held ; but with her youth and solitude , she may be excused for dwelling on any signs of special interest in her shown by the one person who had impressed her into feeling submission .
but the rare occasions on which she could exchange any words with deronda became magnified in her consciousness , and enlarged the place she imagined herself to have in his mind .
the idea of herself separated from her husband gave deronda a changed , disturbing place in her mind : instinctively she felt that the separation would be from him too .
there seemed no likelihood that he could ever woo mirah ; yet she had taken her place in his soul , reducing the power of other fascination and making a difference in it that became deficiency .
for that gem of the sea had turned into a place of punishment .
and maybe , once that all fell into place , my career dreams would , too .
it is deep within my heart in a place so far within me that my mind can not place it as part of my body .
some place that exists deep within my heart that my mind can not place as being part of my body knows .
and since marrying josh in his protestant church , shed never darkened the door of a church or even thought about god or his place , if any , in her life and choices .
but now here she was , at a crossroad , her first true adult crossroad ( her marriage to josh being her last childhood crossroad ) , and the question of gods place and purpose in her present actions and choices pressed hard upon her with an urgency even closer than the ceiling she could ve licked , heavier than the weight of the anonymous city and the frozen night and the finality of the one - way ticket sitting neatly atop her packed bag within her reach from the bed .
this was a new place she now occupiedthe bed , yes , the room , the house ; larger still , the duty shed accepted , the voids and regrets it d begun to expose .
what place does modesty have amidst such potential carnage ?
potential or hope or the natural unfolding of life has no place .
all that was left was to place blame , and its place of residence had been clear and irrefutable since the moment of discoveryan instant of the undoing of love at least as explosive and irreversible as the doing of love in its transformation from simple touch : the withdrawal of sperm cell from egg , repair of the breach in the membrane , total rejection now of the sperm cells hapless tamping , the cells gradual slowing , shriveling , dying .
yet to me it was a place of refuge , despite the wind , heat , and odor of the water wide enough so that i could breathe and quiet enough so that i could rest .
incredulous , i halted to watch her pull a loaf of bread from the oven through the kitchen doorway astonished she even remembered how to kindle a fire in the first place .
was it my place to doubt more than believe ?
he loved this music , but compared to the songs that had been playing up until this point , his choice felt totally out of place .
his first memory took place around christmastime , although he only knew that it was christmastime from his memories of trees and eggnog , not because he was able to know what christmas was or how that time of year was different from any other time of year .
he would not have noticed the system he was born in , grew up in , worked in , and lived in if it had not run out of places for him .
home was both a soft place to land for jack , but a painful place .
she removed herself from her trance , looked down at daryls twitching body losing what little color was there in the first place , eyes half - opened but mostly closed , inviting the light in but barely tolerating its burn , and said to the class , why are you just sitting there ?
a large portion of the american people herald me as a hero or victim , when truth be known i still hold many of the same beliefs that attracted me to the church in the first place .
busy as he was making money , he could see no place in the scheme of things for love .
certes there was a place for them .
now any would believe a miraculous event was about to take place .
the old man 's mind too arrived at a place of peace .
still , the technology left her in a place between being there and not being there which produced an ineffable melancholy .
the way he let the small envelope with its ominous message just float around in the morass on his desk , working its way under all the other papers , losing its place of importance and urgency .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ my introduction to curlwinds , wayne 's workplace , definitely rates a place in the top ten epic events of my life .
he felt a flash of uneasiness , but fought it down sternly and turned his attention to a picture of david bowie as the goblin king which held a place of honor above the faux fireplace .
like his peers sterling multi - tasks all day long , but the app ( version 1.4 ) was nt sufficiently sensitive to appreciate just how much multitasking is taking place : changing itunes , while on facebook , for example , while streaming a movie in a pop - up window on - line , while texting your mother you ll do your chores during the next break .
saras concerns were echoed in the immediate actions taken by another guest , the very jeremiah who lifes goal is a place in the hackers hall of fame .
now that the room is devoid of all things with chips , the portraits take on a more prominent place .
the woman behind the bar was blonde , dressed all in black as if making a conscious attempt at some morbid harmony , and she was young enough to be out of place among the predominantly middle - aged drinkers .
manual laborers , lacking education , are conceptually limited as materialists12 , so if given higher salaries than any cerebral laborers from which to procure more goods , they who are the foundation of it in agriculture and construction will be more assiduous and proud of their places in society ; and those content in ideas and pleased to be in the seats of power and discernment should be paid somewhat less .
laughing as much as could be done when anxious about the punishment that awaited us , me aching and sordid , and neither of us neophytes to the actions of dogs and farm animals , nor that having children in family was anything other than a cheap means to obtain human farm animals , the only rarefied idea was the initiation that would take place in being beaten severely with a belt .
a chick knows what its place in life is , by cracky .
all this mechanism around my writing , the defining stupidity of my place that i thought would open it to others .
i am desperately , desperately unlucky , i told myself and instead of the pride that i used to feel , the pride in my childhood home , at my place in the sun , my unique vantage point on america , i wonder how i could ever have been more plagued .
that mix of colors and images was not the serene desert , a sand - swept clean place that it is in most desert stories from new mexico and northern arizona .
she is so sweet and helpless , living at the mercy of time and the heat and a world that has no place for her .
what place could this have in the workings of day - to - day life ?
above all , hitler proclaimed his desire to redeem and restore the reich to its proper place .
should anyone stand in the way of germanys rise and challenge our rightful place upon this earth , than i swear i will smite them and render them impotent for generations to come !
their mission was mainly to fight a delaying action while full mobilization took place , and the recalled units assembled in the redoubt .
within a generation , due to intermarriage between german men and swiss women , the former republic of switzerland comes to accept its place in the reich .
it was here , in this place of wonders , in the shadow of the great hall , that hitler made his final appearance as fuhrer .
` ` everything in its place , '' not an exclamation but a requirement ; not an expectation , but a demand - ` ` there s a place for everything , '' he was fond of asserting , ` ` everything fits . ''
she knows that it is a moment , not a place .
a melody powerful enough to light her way and take her from this place of deathly darkness .
for a long time this made her hate these classes until the psychiatrist , realizing how this need , this obvious gap , had been completely overlooked , arranged for private lessons in both languages , to take place after her physical therapy .
but not even courage had a place in her world now ; and so , after a long moments consideration , she wheeled to her dresser , grabbing the cd player and cd her tutor had given her .
go to that place , my friendthat place deep inside yourself , that place that dazzled the world for so brief a timeand it is there you ll find us and your happiness and your life .
it is not my place , nor my desire , to discuss it or the particulars , and i will serve detention to anyone who does so during class timelet me be clear .
but these sounds , these words , did nt come from a place of anger or fear .
watching you listening to you what you could do with this instrument it takes me back to a place of awesome beauty , a place i but he did nt finish the thought .
she gazed upward , under the shadow of the long walkway , and then wrapped an arm around the support , feeling a warm sense of belonging , of place , as she did .
when maggie could only splutter in reply , gawking and gaping around herself again , then shrugging helplessly , he added : when i finally found you , when i finally brought you up from that soul - trace on top of the temple , youyour spiritfled , margarita , but not back to the leading edge of your experience , as i fully expected , but here , deep within its aecxal core , in a place human beings can only intuit , but where , in your quieter moments , you suspect exists .
it is for that reason that messengers in our kingdom have a very special place , margarita .
blood ran freely down his bare belly as luis yelled : there is no deeper place within the bowels of hell than that reserved for he who has betrayed his own soul !
it was only when luis let her know that he must work in privacy and silence that yaeko reluctantly yielded her place next to the bed .
i can not help but feel awe that the individual charged to return the soul of eleysius to its rightful place finally , after twenty - two years , stands with us now .
core : the place deep within the soul which surrounds the souls origin and which , along with the origin , exists transtemporally .
there s a difference between being away from your world in the woods , and finding your place in the woods .
but what was new to the world was that archaeologists working on the islands acropolis were reported to have found traces of human organic matter on and beneath its base ; evidence enough to suggest that earlier temples and the temple to athena may have been a place of barbaric rites .
as he stood over the lioness the thread of time swept through his soul and , at that very moment , he understood his place in history .
sometimes you may hear that they wanted a place in the sun .
the doctors talk was vaguely falling into place behind mishas words ; the concern over living space , lebensomething lebenroom lebensraum .
whilst migr poles in tanganyika and elsewhere hotly debated sikorskis place in history , polands stock stood high in the world .
why then , she asked , did the british not allow them a place in the victory parade ?
wearing white cotton slacks , her best sandals , and that ever - present dignified posture , she looked out of place in the crowd .
willow was miserable , ill and uncomfortable in the hospital , as to her , the hospital was a place where people felt fear and pain and went to die .
what was important was for her children to find their passions , to explore their place in the world , and ultimately , to find happiness , or peace , or some combination of the two .
the most important place for him was a class that would teach him , realize his potential , but also keep him safe and happy .
she was scared for him , and where his place in this world was .
that we somehow were reliant on each other , and that our place on the planet was so fragile , so tentative .
grants place is now our place ?
grants place is now our place ?
our place , willow says .
of course it does allow men to hold their rightful places as superior not only to women but to about everybody else in the world .
while our educators will seldom make the kind of money that our entrepreneurs make , they hold a place of honor in our society .
at the high school level we continue to study our own society but we also enlarge on our place in the world .
dane thought it probably was nt his place to ask if they slept together .
even in khakis and dress shoes , he did nt look out of place on her parents farm .
she s touchy about being beautiful , cal offered hoarsely from his place in the kitchen .
there s no place in their world for the weak .
lately we ve all been feeling out of place in our own backyard .
the notion of surfing as art echoes a long - standing debate in philosophy about the place of creativity in sport and games .
these values contrast with japanese mainstream cultural values , particularly obligation ( on or gimu ) , one must adhere to ones place ( honbun or bun o mamoru ) , and the strong emphasis on conformity.10 a surfing way of life conflicts with dominant adult expectations and norms of adolescent behaviour such as compliance with strictures forbidding youth misbehavior , hard study , adherence to school regulations and rules aimed at suppressing individuality , and active participation in conventional youth activities .
her publications and research to date develop her phd , expressions of nation and place in british surfing identities as they focus on analysing representations of surfing , gendered and national identity through film and popular culture .
she wasfollowed by a boy of about fifteen also with green hair , but inhis case styled into a neat short back and sides , and wearing anoutfit that would not look out of place in the suburbs.indeed only the colour of his hair might ever attract any comment .
all in its natural and god - given place in the universe .
i d been told that divinity was a rather peculiar place , where you had to cover yourself up like this ... she indicated with her hand the long gown that covered most of her body , and then tugged at the hood which would have totally hidden her face if shed put it up .
but if you know your place , you should nt be afraid .
you need to know your place in endon , for sure , sir george commented as we descended .
that place seemed so remote here in the garden .
i do nt believe that the world could possibly be such a complex and frightening place if it were nt real , beta elaborated .
i d never seen a woman like her before , though of course she would nt look at all out of place in the city , nor indeed in most of the country .
there ai nt no place for them .
it is not my place to advise you to do anything , but do not be unnecessarily disheartened by those who pervert a worthwhile cause .
he told her that she was a slut , a whore and a jezebel , who was thricely damned for her immodesty in a place of the lord , but as a human , and therefore of the chosen species , was not to be harmed as long as she left consecrated ground , dressed herself modestly and asked forgiveness , although her palpable sin had already damned her to an eternity of torture .
we seek to please thee , to place before thy most unholy countenance the soul of an unborn child .
but dad and liz have a huge place in boulder .
if it broke the curse and restored enchantment to its rightful place , chastitys magic would be destroyed .
thinking about how mr . lincoln began his ordeal in the first place gave me the idea that the tar pit museum might have a wheelchair i could use for him .
they sent the arrow in the sky and it traveled down on a saal tree inside the forest and since then the saal tree became the place of their worship of the supreme god .
school was the only place where i got positive reinforcement for who i was and who i was at school was not the same as who i was at home .
she was placed in foster homes that were as dysfunctional as her home and returned to her parents because there was no place else for her .
i ve always held a place open in my heart for someone to love and share my life .
you did nt set aside a place for someone in your heart so i m barging in and staking out a claim .
there would always be a place in it for the likes of lloyd foster .
everything looks like it has a place .
we know our place , agnus said .
the shaman lived deep within the wastes , a terrible place that existed in a part of the universe that was not of the air like the palaces of the demon folk ; neither was it substantial like the world of matter where the humans lived .
he felt the ground was a place for worms and dirt , not bodies without life .
michelles emotions were all over the place and resembled the very makeup of when her internal clock shut down .
sal finally felt in place when he went to work for organic nation .
he was nearly to the door , nearly free of that awful place , when from behind him he heard euclid snapping his fingers , as if he were just remembering something .
there is no place for untruths in the forest .
and he had a special place in his heart for women , my aunt would always tell me .
to remind em of their place .
ryan had tipped off him about what was going on and dan had started an undercover campaign to get the chief to relinquish his place on the list .
being the first day of term , the boys grew restless as an interminable list of announcements that were being made about games , places out of bounds , the rugger fixtures and the annual trip to scotland .
pride of place was given to a huge get well soon card , signed by everyone from the youngest boys in their half formed writing to the likes of jonathan , owen , clancy , the johnson twins and peter .
they have promised to give you a place whatever happens based on my report and your marks to date .
like captain porter , he suspected more might be taking place than just talking .
since the day that peter had set sacha up for the cold shower initiation , pip had been there in what peter felt was his natural place , protecting his younger brother .
haley and i were engaged , but i m not really sure why i even proposed to her in the first place .
then , faced with unhappiness and hurt , we try to rationalize ourselves out of the trouble that thinking got us into in the first place .
over time he realized that writing songs did nt put him in a place of being in joy .
its the place where we can connect with our true heart as well as with the spirit of the universal .
but if you watch carefully , you ll see that without too many exceptions they re doing their jobs from a place of inspiration .
he felt himself drifting down into a place of irritation and anxiety when the phone rang , bringing him abruptly back to the present .
the morning was quiet and serene , and he settled easily into a place of being with the moment .
the union had fought hard in the early sixties to force this stamping plant to put the apprentice program in place .
ezekiel realized then that he had lost the relaxed , centered place from which he had hoped to approach family members .
the joke seemed terribly out of place , but there was warmth in ezekiels voice that made jon smile .
i felt robbed of my rightful place .
the smoke danced and swirled around the room until finding their place in the walls and fabrics of the house .
i sit here in a semi yoga posture , and contemplate on the world , and my place within it .
philosophy seeks knowledge and understanding of the world and our place in it .
i feel the future is a place i want to go to .
life is rare and precious but its place in the overall scheme of the universe is not defined by this rarity .
this is not how history has viewed infinity - giving it an esteemed place in the dialectic .
i was in tune with the earth and its place in the cosmos .
conventionally it was taken to be the moment the child exits the womb but with advancing science this moment can take place earlier and earlier in the gestation period .
as things settle down the organism becomes more aware of its environment and of its place in it .
it gets the first impression of its own special place in the environment - the first inklings of self awareness set in .
the world is a simple place of me and not me .
perhaps the island was not the place for me .
so if i have to reject the human - centred view of the world , i am forced to see the world as a complex place , where amongst other things intelligent life exists , at least in one small locale .
rather i am recognising that all evolution takes place by increments .
what if any further steps to take about him i understood kylies anger , but was it really our place to save all our fellow sensitive people from daniels manipulative reach ?
this just clinked into place , now , allowing myself to relive that moment more evidence that my mom had been the conduit somehow , the first link in the chain to my unexplained sudden awareness .
the place to start was by accessing the department course offerings to see what course listed dalton as the teaching assistant .
` ` perhaps the place to start is with what i mentioned last week : foucault 's question about the point of intellectual activity and his belief that it must be to learn how to think differently .
they all seemed to take place in an old house .
i guess , i started to reply uncertainly , but my place is kind of limited well think of something , she replied quickly as she jumped from the car and hurried up the minefield of broken walkway .
perhaps things would fall into place , and i would find the clincher that would bring langdon on board .
langdon and his detective colleagues had apparently based their investigation on the reasonable supposition that the actual murder had taken place in the field .
we wo nt notice a thing out of place .
i would have preferred the meeting to take place in better circumstances .
ohumi guess i was nt supposed to say that , sorry , my mind is in other places these days .
i mean they did not look out of place there in the 40s room .
instead , mr . gunter invites me to join the conversations of rick , jane , aldi and elsa - eska and ponder my own ` ` mission '' and place in the universe .
thirty seconds till show time , the director called out but the expression seemed out of place for the birth of the christ child .
having moved to the reading room , he recalled how what had been a lingering sense of the snobbery of the club before becoming a member had changed , upon his acceptance , to a growing appreciation of having such a place at his disposal .
cynthias own head sunk back to its prior position , taking no interest in the dramas taking place around her .
despite the main room being lined by high windows , through which at this time of day light poured as if in solid shafts , he could nt shake the idea of it being a somehow hidden , subterranean place .
then their talk turned to his job , and how his days could be anything from eight hours behind his desk to fifteen on foot and in car and in interview rooms , facing down the most soulless creatures it could be any persons worst wish to want to spend time with ; and how his nights were most often his own in every sense , she would infer to rest and unwind in , and even down a jar or two , if that was what it took to align the things he had seen that day with any kind of caring model of the world and our place in it .
but over the next couple of days ... well , actually i was thinking about this on the way down , cori startled them by saying , before quietening her voice , i do nt know if this is how you choose to think about yourself , she was speaking directly to isobel , but as someone who has experienced violence in the home , and now finds herself homeless ... well , you may qualify for a place .
i took a beer and sipped it out of politeness , but , in truth , i had never felt more out of place among all the veterans .
they looked out of place to me in her new age kitchen , but i never dreamed they actually were mine .
the final factor supporting my decision fell into place last night .
there is a special place in my stomach for dessert .
setting at the helm of his own creative techno - brain berry settled back into the place he felt most comfortable sure he felt that all the rest of the work that went along with his investigative services was interesting too but the part he liked the best his strongest feeling of accomplishment his sweet spot in life was where he was right now putting all the pieces together .
is everything falling into place for the big event saturday ? ''
the state - of - the - art computer equipment looked out of place in this remote corner of the world , but michael soon established a connection to the internet .
chapter 8 fortunately for ray , his lunch with deborah had taken place on a friday .
i wracked my brain , but no memory popped into place .
i stiffened as what she was trying to say finally clicked into place .
its not your place to judge .
so now she was pimping me out to an exboyfriend she never even liked in the first place ?
its not my place to ask , nor do i care , as long as i m paid .
not my place to judge .
he has no place here , dirt snapped .
not knowing what i was doing did nt help either , and i started to wonder why i was doing this in the first place .
its not my place to judge , presley .
anyone with more than a trace of american indian ancestry should learn their place as servants to the ruling class .
i think you ' ve earned a place in the galaxy and if your theurgen leads to a cure there will obviously be no argument . ''
i do nt know why your dad gave that car to you in the first place .
i could see a much more brightly lit area behind the door and some activity indicating that the actual baking was taking place there .
nothing was out of place on the main floor .
not much place for storage in here , the policeman observed unnecessarily .
my expectation was the preparations would take at least two , but everything fell into place .
there is a place in the registry for deaths , and both of the brothers are deceased , and the parents , too , of course .
her father decided it was amelias place to take charge of the domestic duties at home .
did he live in another dimension or a place connected to earth ?
he seemed to feel out of place when he saw the blood left on my mouth .
i woke up in such a dreamy place without any injuries when theoretically i should have been dead .
they would have noticed someone out of place hanging around the hotel , said christian .
more of the puzzle pieces were falling into place now .
he had to protect katrina and eliminate the threat until all the pieces fell into place .
but her place is guarded too well .
' life , ' for example is quite out of its proper place .
but the dining - room which opened out of the hall was a place of shadow and gloom .
' but why should you wish to go into so horrible a place ? '
it seemed odd and out of place in the luxurious surroundings with nothing but beauty and perfection .
as they pulled up in front they noticed a late model mercedes parked out in front , looking very out of place in this run down neighborhood .
even so , twice i caught handel watching me in the rearview mirror , his eyes probing as though he could see inside to the place no one was allowed , that room of my heart only i knew existed but refused to visit .
i did n't think it was my place to tell you .
a hand reached up and tapped me on my shoulder , bringing me back to reality , a place i really was nt interested in returning to quite yet .
well , now i understand better why the cia came to us in the first place ; they want to make sure the kick ass revenues are used for non - profit purposes .
i wonder that it got out of the family in the first place , mitzy mused quietly .
the internal struggle to push away the acceptance of certainty or find a logical reason to deny it remained in place .
he saw her mind drifting to anther place .
he would never allow himself to be place garcia in the same category .
ali showed his opponent their weakness , therefore finding a secure advantageous place in their psyche .
my objective was to put the guilty of the bad things that had taken place in his life to the responsibility of this imaginary being .
there was an intervention taking place , not only with her but somewhere distant as well .
if the person hitting my head ever stopped , everything would fall into place .
the black - clad manhattanite wandered off through the clusters of people , looking out of place in the more brightly dressed san francisco crowd .
he 's willing to have her visit any time and i make her go occasionally , but she feels very out of place there .
beau , its all over the place in here .
when he suggested , your place ?
he wanted to make sure they understood that mary was not a replacement for their mother and that she would always have a special place in his heart .
sentimentality had its place , but not where money was concerned .
dave was amazed at the transformation that had taken place since his last visit .
once outside , doc escorted me to my place .
eta and those that support it have no place in political or civil life .
once we learned that the attempt at the airport was nt preplanned , we figured there had to be a reason they were there in the first place .
the project was back on schedule and everything was falling into place .
and everything fell into place so easily that i knew it was meant to be .
away in the manger , no crib for his bed , the little lord jesus lay down his sweet head frustrated , the would - be - thief left the house , assuming nothing had been left out of place in the residence .
the press director had insisted that cleaning take place after work hours and had , in this and in many other demands , been granted his wish .
bobby says that pond scum has a place in nature , in the environment , but not toxic waste .
mary , and people like her , were the reasons he put up with political life in the first place .
she looked at the list and nodded in agreement , then gazed around the room for anything else out of place .
the food and the fact that puzzle pieces were starting to fall into place revitalized him .
heck , ironically they became the very thing they protested against in the first place .
he d tried to remind himself of all the reasons he had kept the operation going in the first place , but they all seemed so trivial now .
i told him he was smoking dope then my parents had to explain why i knew about dope in the first place .
vinnie was out of place in greek / german / anglo - saxon cincinnati , but that little social minority he made up for in personality .
when i cried myself to sleep , my dreams were all over the place .
in the course of a few hours , things were falling into place .
some kind of an altercation took place on the deck , from what i can see .
the younger brother looked out of place , uncomfortable , in his dark suit .
did any of the money that rosemary had hidden away actually belong to her in the first place ?
they would have been out of place in her childhood but she never realized that .
oh well , a culture is a medium , yamashuri is talking directly to the jury , searching for the simplest possible explanation , a place , usually in something like a small petri dish he holds one hand up , cupped as if he were presenting a shallow glass container , that serves a function almost like a food where we grow things under controlled circumstances for various kinds of experiments .
that 's why i sent him the virus in the first place for his expert opinion .
the best answer i can give you is because hiv itself has never been properly isolated using the accepted protocols in place since 1973 for retroviral research .
if i just keep putting the pieces together , it will all fall into place .
wearing an ugly , ill - fitting brown pantsuit accessorized by a black and tan scarf tied in a knot around her neck , evelyn westover looked very much out of place in the beautiful room .
his love of power lunches and magnificent suits was out of place amongst the open collared poppy - seed covered breakfast set .
julian was at his rightful place at the top of the new york journalistic tree .
all over the country , young boys will read this book and dream of a life of hard drinking , womanizing and a place at the head of new york society .
there was no place for him and others like him in this city .
` ` so you have n't seen anyone who might have been out of place in the neighborhood .
louis ' kitchen was devoid of the aroma and disorder that was taking place in the thousands of other homes preparing for the holiday feast .
sims thought she looked particularly out of place there , and lost , like she had found herself in a shelter for the homeless , when she had expected the lobby of the ritz .
joey figured that sophie had cleared away every trace of her old life and had yet to replace it with anything personal that might define a comfortable place in her new one .
he feigned innocence and tried to find his place in the song , but it came to an end and they sat .
charles was a mess , entirely out of place here in these opulent and well - maintained surroundings .
becky , you know i hate to see you like this and i would do anything in the world for you , but i do nt think its our place to get in the middle of this investigation .
she almost sounded as if she had been listening and taking in what was going on , and not as if she inhabited a faraway place that nobody else could reach .
if you re bad hell take you away to a place where there is only darkness .
she looked puzzled , even frightened , but at the same time relieved that she had brought me back from whatever hellish place i d been .
but what about the speech , the special place malachi strait had for kids ?
there is no place superior in these attempts , not a one ! ''
he seemed out of place .
since i did nt normally keep things like tissues around , they seemed just as out of place as michael giovanni .
their presence seemed as grotesque and out of place as ours .
it holds a special place in my heart as a result .
it was definitely out of place in her apartment .
i notice them when they seem out of place .
it would nt have looked out of place inside a flying saucer not that i had ever thought about the things seriously enough to visualize the interior .
even if we ca nt fit it into what we already know , its still something that s out of place .
he did nt admit it but i wondered if he thought there was a place for womens intuition .
who knew how nadia would handle living in a place where someone died , let alone her friend ?
nonsense nadia , my place was here .
his head found a place snuggled into the crook of nadias neck .
shannon parkhurst always had a special place in my heart , but i lost track of her after that summer just the same .
soon after betty left , carol showed up and patsy jumped up on the front seat of her truck as if it were her rightful place in dogdom .
i wonder what s really going on , she asked , like , why did he have to disappear , too , and why did shannon have to be silenced in the first place ?
he turned back to me , his crisply ironed pin - striped shirt , pressed chino pants , and tasseled loafers looking very out of place in a cold , dirty warehouse that smelled like cat pee .
a baby boomer from dallas raised up in oklahoma , linda is a born storyteller , eager collector of the details of life , and grounded in a love of the land , giving her stories a true sense of place , and bringing her experiences in the southwest evocatively to the page .
the eastern tennessee mountains hold a special place in my heart .
delaney suspected ashley enjoyed her wine more than for health reasons , but it was nt her place to judge .
walking back into the kitchen , felicity glanced around the living room , the kitchen , noting nothing out of place .
carina got into an elegant coach drawn by a splendid team of white horses , which looked out of place on my narrow , seedy street .
despite my efforts to make myself look respectable i still felt as out of place in carina 's neighborhood as her coach had looked in mine .
i could n't deny that i still had strong feelings for her , but i did n't know if i had a place for her in my life , so i just nodded , then walked in silence for a while .
the lord himself surely did not approve of gossips , and mary jeans own mother had held that there was a special place in hell for gossips where they burned as though sixteen fires had been lit under their behinds and people they could not quite hear whispered things about them that they ached to hear but never would .
i just need to know why you were called in the first place .
it felt like home and a place that never belonged to me at all .
oh nothing i was just thinking about another place i saw , harry said trying to emphasis the another as to make it sound as though that place was miles worse than the one he was now being shown .
the enquiries had centred on anything out of place .
stuart capel had mentioned the significance of the copse , that at least two of eyran 's dreams had taken place there .
much of donaldson 's work had therefore taken place in india and asia where re - incarnation was fully accepted , children with recall were not stifled by their parents .
that the first attack might have even taken place elsewhere and the child was transported to the lane for the second attack .
its a place i think maybe he did nt even know he had inside himself until this moment .
where he s been tentative and careful and happy to let her take the lead so far , she feels the exact instant that he stops thinking and worrying , the precise moment that he finds that strong , confident place inside himself and just loses himself in the moment .
and its funny ; since i told him about the nightmares he s pretty much always been in his confident place .
she just ca nt make that last jump to the place where it all makes sense to her .
in his summer uniform of crumpled linen jacket , standard black chinos and white shirt and conservative tie , he felt out place and did nt care a jot .
large flat screen television took pride of place in the average - sized lounge .
to that creepy place in his head that took him into the assailants mind .
the shock of carlos 's death had sent her into the army and the bomb squad , and there was no place in the army for a child .
` ` i did n't do nothing so i may as well tell you what happened , though it were a bit funny in places . ''
they walked slowly in the warm night air without expectation , and for a moment , he felt like he was strolling along in some other time , in a place far away .
when he did nt come back , i did nt feel it was my place to question where he was .
i guess i have a soft place in my heart for it .
then when he turned onto route 313 and saw the hitchhiker , everything fell into place .
delilah and boone sat quietly in the cafe trying to listen to the conversations taking place around them .
images and snippets of conversation flittered through ronnis head , slowly settling until each piece slotted neatly into place ; the truth , the lies , the white noise that clouded what was important .
and fourth , i find that the publishing world is in an interesting place right now .
very little of my writing has ever taken place in a normal , present day setting .
like she had a place in the world , like she had a destiny , but after graduation , her classes stopped , and everyone moved on .
he smiled and said , okay , i 'll save that for another day , but what i was going to say was the keys are a very special place , even for the bizzaro - land that is florida .
the kids who come to the university and the professors who teach there for a few years of their careers see an entirely different place .
she was never really in love with him in the first place .
you lawyers would have to go to work in the library and parsing the language of the policy , but i bet you could figure out an argument that would let us say that we never would have accepted the risk in the first place had we known about the illegal operations , so it might have been material misrepresentation on the application .
it may not be a comprehensive list , but it will give you a place to start .
so , would i , mr . straker , allen said , from his place in their little recreation , but i would have made sure to be in the elevator with him .
from what you ve said i should take a look at the site before any further erosion takes place .
because michaels death was being investigated as a murder , there was little information released , and no funeral would take place for the time being , with no next of kin to object .
i knew he was hoping for a boy to follow in his footsteps , and given that our marriage was already shaky , i wanted you to have a place in his life .
you ll finally realize your proper place in life ?
arden listened , putting each tidbit into its own place , its own category in her whirling mind .
on the day her divorce became final he had come out of that box and now held a place of honor on her sideboard , regardless of where in the world she was .
while she could nt discount her obvious attraction to the sheriff , she had to keep reminding herself why they had met in the first place .
still in that place between sleep and coming fully awake , i realized the dead girl from yesterday had made her way into my dream .
it was certainly out of place in the clean and well - manicured surroundings .
i was mad at pepper for telling her in the first place .
it was one more piece of information to fall into place .
if i 'd been feeling in a bolshie mood , i would have pointed out that it was not denver 's place to go talking about my car to the mechanic ; it was my car .
i ca n't even imagine why i let her come home with me in the first place .
i have a real place in the world .
mia , its just that he is in a tumultuous place right now and even though we all know how much he loves the children , i heard you saying that you wanted him to help them learn about their powers and how to use them .
please allow me to take her place , the place where i should be anyway .
you have obviously failed to deduce that being a hardback the case - book of sherlock holmes is totally out of place among this collection of trash .
after the narrow lanes it seemed out of place on the island .
he wore jeans and a tool belt and looked out of place among the dresses and occasional sunday hat .
and those who refuse to adapt to the new world order will become part of an odd little place in our society .
this place has suffered from lack of maintenance lately .
lewis , for the first time in his life had found his place in the world .
aardoo found himself in a horrid place as dark as the chambers of kirrin - dunn .
i was talking a mile a minute and i felt like my words were all over the place .
in my casual bermuda shorts and t - shirt , i felt a little out of place in this glamorous room .
strake moved ahead to speak with a slender well - dressed man who looked much out of place in the barn .
i do nt know why he tried to conceal his sincerity from me ; why would ve he wanted to intimidate me in the first place ?
anyway , his eyes showed that he felt like socializing with me ; why would he talk to me in the first place ?
a home is a place that holds secrets and stories , and people with whom we ve shared them .
she my millie was terribly afraid of losing that place .
i figured if i needed more whiskey , a shoulder to cry on , and a healthy dollop of wisdom , he was the man and great gesture was the place .
jeff went through , room by room , and when he was satisfied there was nothing out of place , he kissed his mother on the cheek and said goodnight .
this mess seemed out of place in a house where everything else was organized .
seven sisters was a place where life and death happened , where fear and hope resideda place where things were lost and things were found .
seven sisters was a place where life and death happened , where fear and hope resideda place where things were lost and things were found .
we walked through the downstairs , except the blue room , and did nt notice anything out of place .
but its not my place to tell you about it .
everything has its place .
it could have been a wild flight of fancy , that i even thought i smelled it in the first place .
was nt that the plot for a place in the sun ?
i held a special , fond place in my heart for libraries .
the incident held its place in club history right next to the pastry chucking incident of 1927 .
if were going to be fair about the days chaos though , everything that has taken place is nt because of claire .
the women smacking each others hands out of the way as they reached for the flower girls basket ( still being held above ashleys head ) , however , would not have been out of place in such an early childhood setting .
as all of this took place with only a combination of hand gestures and eye contact , the unmarried persons were very confused by what sort of commotion seemed to have simultaneously engulfed a significant chunk of the guests .
we will take our rightful place at the helm of europe .
the memories that took place inside the little lake house did not belong to the state ; they belonged to hitler , gracy , and me .
it will always have a special place in my heart .
the real mystery is why i ve been assigned to this case in the first place .
hell always have a place with me .
the easiest place to start , especially in the case of a rich man , is to ask who gained monetarily with the death of mr . marley .
silence in this house seemed as out of place as a kitten in a room full of scorpions .
i do nt want to lose this place , but i would nt kill to keep it either .
they were out of place even in a hospital that locks up crazy people .
i forget where their place is .
she sat on the floor sobbing , feeling inadequate to handle the changes that were about to take place in her life and stupid for feeling inadequate when she knew perfectly well ( in her head ) she 'd was competent to meet the challenges both personally and professionally .
it looked a little out of place on the beach , but she rather like that it was different from the faux - spanish stucco that seemed to be slathered over every other building in florida .
nothing looks out of place , but when i step out an elderly woman dressed like a grandmother approaches and places a phone in my hand .
the devil will find a place for her in hell .
the truth was that she had a stormy relationship with joshua , her younger brother , and more than once she had thought the jewish orphanage would be an excellent place for such a troublesome sibling .
she wondered if it was the only key for some special place and started to imagine just what that could be when she came across the photo .
plus , they also knew what had made him start drinking in the first place .
would they even be the person they were looking in the first place ?
suddenly , something seemed out of place .
i should ve never allowed that creep to start hanging around you in the first place .
if she questioned the motives of all the people around her and why they claim to be friends with her , i think she 'd find herself in a really dark place .
that being said , bliss seemed to be the place to go for everyone .
she could nt help but wonder what he saw in her in the first place .
was nt a womans place in the kitchen back then ?
mindy and i were still huddled by the window as if more action might take place .
she was a short older woman and her cropped stylish hair looked out of place in the surroundings .
i do nt think that was the reason they stuck around in the first place , but i guess after a while they realized they d be better off if they left , once they knew callahan was all right .
in my experience , the most activity took place in the bedrooms .
she had no children , other than the cat that now owned me , and shed left a mysterious message in her will about me taking my place in the world .
making my way over to the couch i picked up the remote control and adjusted the television to a reasonable level where human conversation could take place .
she was in her early forties with the air of someone who has achieved her desired place in life and is now enjoying it .
now , i felt sure an investigation would take place into all detweiller 's business .
the men looked as out of place in a four - star hotel suite as a homeless man at buckingham palace .
i did find out her grandmothers name so ill have a place to start .
cinco had inherited his place in the world , despite a complete lack of legal talent .
said she just did nt fit in this society , and as much as ned tried , she still felt so out of place .
if she felt out of place in neds world , maybe she kept her place in the world she knew before him .
true , she did nt seem to know about the restraining order being in place when she threatened to slap me with another one .
sheriff bob satterfield confirmed that ladonna collier had been found dead in her home in the bog , but emphasized that the police had no clues , and were unsure that a crime had even taken place .
walker might not probably did nt know that clarice had been blackmailing brenda all these years , and it was nt my place to tell him .
his usually kind , gray eyes were darting from side to side , like a trapped animal , and suddenly a lot of little bits and pieces of the puzzle were falling into place in my head .
it was nt really my place to reveal any of this , but on the other hand , it was just a matter of time before it became public knowledge anyway .
walker seemed much like his old self again ; suave and polite , and looking very out of place in the orange jumpsuit .
its taken its own special place in my mind and in my heart and has stood out for almost three decades now .
its like i m in this giant place were there s nothing .
a hospital is but a weigh station in life ; a place where you spend your first moments on earth , or your last before death ; a place where god giveth and god taketh away ; a place of unimaginable happiness and also of unthinkable tragedy .
a hospital is but a weigh station in life ; a place where you spend your first moments on earth , or your last before death ; a place where god giveth and god taketh away ; a place of unimaginable happiness and also of unthinkable tragedy .
a hospital is but a weigh station in life ; a place where you spend your first moments on earth , or your last before death ; a place where god giveth and god taketh away ; a place of unimaginable happiness and also of unthinkable tragedy .
why did i keep returning to this place , this empty abyss ?
it was nt bad enough that a sweet girl like amber was now gone but the next six words to come out of her mouth put us in an even darker place .
i asked , unaware that any mind exploration had taken place at all .
there s no telling what took place back then that might have set him or leo off .
she s got clarity and her new world does nt have a place for you .
they offered to let me have their place , but i did n't want to impose , so i came home earlier .
i thought that if she is ever to know , it would be your place to do that . ''
he felt completely out of place , even more there than at the store .
` ` you knew why they 'd come in the first place . ''
but it 's not my place to say anything , is it ?
grace knows her place .
i knew who was to blame for landing her square in this business in the first place .
an ensemble cast of smart , witty , capable people , each with a vulnerable place at his or her core .
the hosts understanding of how the world works and his place in it .
i felt out of place in my worn jeans and t - shirt when i walked into the formal dining room .
my vivid writers imagination conjured up the horrible experience of being confined in such a devastating place for who knows how long .
although , it felt like my muscles and such was jumping all over the place , and not to add , painful as fuck , but not painful enough to send me back into unconsciousness .
who s place is this ?
it developed a symbiotic relationship with the planets dominant species and secured its own very assured place among the living .
you tell me you got a job as a guinea pig and found out that was a scam , and then you found a purpose for a little while , now you get back to the city and then you descend back into the directionless drug use that caused you to get exploited in the first place . ''
cathleen reminded them of dr . devereaux talking to james about fish - consuming microbes and hanging onto life when the earth was one big ice ball , devoid of life , and clinging onto a place in the evolution line by the fragile hold on a few volcanic vents under thousands of fathoms of seawater .
you would have the benefit of getting to this new place of the mind without risking your sanity . ''
we can make you a wealthy man , but i feel your place is here .
its not my place to reveal his identity , henry said .
besides , mother had said , an only daughters place was at her mothers side , looking after her needs , time enough for dalliances once mother was gone .
* * * several hours later , manda , woke in an unfamiliar place that seemed familiar .
where is your place ?
sensing something wrong , out of place , i looked up .
john was cooperative until he saw that he was supposed to allow himself to be put deep into a place that pressed around him .
it is a gateway to a certain other place .
but as i contemplated her , i began questioning why i agreed to take the case in the first place , and more significantly , what my initial attraction to her was .
` ` roger owens has maintained the academic credibility of this place and in the face of some horrendous : pressures .
god knows everything and he knew that he was going to create a place called earth .
he is only a short time from going to that place where he will spend eternity .
why were such random impressions suppressed in the first place ?
there was a definite sense of crossing boundaries , invading a persons so - called aura , the energy field that surrounded their body , within which all physical and mental processes took place .
slowly things jelled into place as i recalled the events of the previous night .
but this is your place , lee .
he had no illusions as to his place in the undertaking .
there was no place for rivalry on a great cliff where each depended on the other .
there is no question that lisa misperceives situations in a manner that justifies her behavior and places all blame on the other person .
although both michael and lisa had agreed on therapy , it was another story in coming to an understanding on whom and where the work would take place .
it has no place in this forum of justice and in this case in particular .
it is true ms . alright , that issue has no place in this courtroom and i do nt want you bringing it upagain .
this is opinion and has no place in acourt of law , your honor .
janet blushed furiously and tried to look unconcerned , while noting that karl beamed and virtually took a bow from his place of primacy in the citation .
karl bumbled along with the presentation , frequently losing his place in the manuscript with the consequence that the slides appeared at inopportune moments or in the wrong sequence .
also i was n't at all sure that i 'd find a place in academia .
no matter that you are the scum of the earth , you re rich bastards that feed on the suffering of the poor , i mean , were friends , we can put that aside , right , never mind that you do nt give a damn for anyone except yourselves and that you re a bunch of arrogant he stops in mid sentence , sorry , just getting carried away he carries on , more slowly , more calmly , its not my place to judge , right .
mike said that the nether - life simply was a place where people could party forever .
her cheerful seemed out of place .
this is your place , you should dress or not as you please .
they did it because their lord ordered it and it was nt their place to question owain gwynedds orders .
he has a new life with no place for me in it .
admittedly , gareths skills are the reason i brought him into my company in the first place , but that he could read the signs so easily understanding grew in gwens mind .
so for me , its all falling into place .
she reached down and picked it up and placed it gingerly in her pocket , things started to click into place , amanda shuddered .
her funeral took place on november 1 at trinity church in lower manhattan .
they looked out of place in the stylish drawing room , like frightened deer that wandered into a banquet of hunters .
but he felt out of place , like an interloper who had stumbled into a secret society that was nt meant for him .
with that insight , the pieces of the jigsaw puzzle began to fall into place .
divergent things fall into place and a clear path is revealed .
unfortunately , even though i had brought this to light , i realized there probably would be no place for me in the action .
it was then i noticed something out of place .
if allison believed that , then there would be no place in her life for me .
everything she heard was probably swirling in her head , and she was trying to make it all fall into place .
` ` i know , '' charlie said , thinking about how rachel still occupied that place in his heart , and when he turned in the kitchen to say something to her , and she was n't there , it took his breath .
` ` i do n't understand why you let him in in the first place , '' esther said , creaky but on her feet now .
and there was a smile deep in those eyes that made him feel as if a soul had found its rightful place , a good home at a higher level .
though if you do , of course , ' he added hastily , recalling that it was not his place to tell the lieutenant - colonel who would be protecting twelvetrees 's life and property his business , ' then my sister 's quite right - mrs abernathy would be best placed to advise you .
england 's prime minister had just been admitted for brain surgery , to take place in that hospital on that day .
not like she was going to hold any special place in his little black book .
eliot will always own a place in my heart .
` ` just wanted to let you know everything is falling into place here . ''
for the past hour , other parents had called out constantly , of course , but ted 's voice sounded so awkward , so out of place .
` ` not my place to judge . ''
wendy was cleared by ntc of any sort of sexual misconduct , but work had become an impossible place .
` ` it 's not my place to punish you .
but it 's not my place to absolve you either . ''
` ` not my place , '' pops said .
i finished my belated prayer , shot to my feet , grabbed the hymnbook , and began trying to find my place in the song all the rest of the congregation was singing as the procession went down the central aisle .
everything had fallen into place until sam the man interfered .
a man nearly a foot shorter than the leggy girls took his seemingly rightful place between them .
he let this be their place .
` ` it 's not my place to say . ''
it is simply not my place .
` ` maybe it 's not my place , if it was about that - except that was n't it .
` ` not your place , '' i said .
i did , i guess , for the leaving - him part - and yeah , that 's not my place .
you see , champagne is a place , not merely a beverage .
even though he had lived there for large parts of his working life , he always felt a little out of place in stockholm , a feeling that had grown stronger with every visit he made since his retirement .
he did not even want to begin to estimate how many counts of illegal activity must have taken place .
` ` it 's not my place to approve or disapprove . ''
it was not his place to say anything .
` ` well , it 's not my place to tell her , '' i said .
and agloe is a place where a paper creation became real .
i lost my place for a few minutes , i think .
these were nice people , and their kindness and their courtesy in not asking questions reminded me of why i 'd liked shakespeare in the first place .
i asked carrie , tacitly acknowledging her place in the apartment .
` ` here we are in your place of power , instead of mine . ''
the assault that had taken place in her own office must have shaken her to her mental and emotional foundations .
my anger was taking second place to curiosity , though that would only be temporary .
jenny had probably made an appointment with tom to conceive a child on october fifteenth , and was putting in her time on the board to ensure that infant a place in the preschool .
our troubled pasts and our uncertain future had no place in that bed .
i take my job very seriously and know my place . ''
for one , it was n't really my place as jett 's employee .
because of his young age , i had thought he was gifted his place in the company by his father , until i glimpsed the sales and profits jett had made in the last year alone .
` ` his place is heavenly , is n't it ? ''
i stopped breathing for a moment as the pieces of the puzzle slowly fell into place .
so he had been involved shortly after ` ` all the evil '' had taken place and salander was put away in the children 's psychiatric unit .
she felt that some fundamental change had taken place or was taking place in her life .
then she had done away with a ring from her lower lip , and on grenada she had taken the ring out of her left labium - it had chafed , and she had no idea why she had let herself be pierced there in the first place .
` ` all the pieces of the puzzle are n't in place yet , but there 's a connection between bjurman and zala .
in fact so much fell into place that she turned quite cold .
` ` the problem with aia was that there was no real system in place for reporting on the project .
` ` it 's not my place to decide .
` ` which it is n't my place to tell you about .
martin will take his place on the board . ''
he ought to file a police report for animal cruelty , possibly intimidation , but he did not think he would want to explain why the intimidation had taken place .
the conversation took place in english .
it 's not my place to decide what sophie mayor is strong enough to handle . ''
` ` not my place to approve . ''
` ` not my place to say one way or the other . ''
` ` when i realized that clu had visited lemmon 's daughter , it all fell into place .
more pieces started to pour into place now .
their eyes met and something else clicked into place .
` ` unfortunately it was not my place . ''
a place where , as one writer had said , russian earth drank russian blood .
it seemed so out of place , this whole door , separate and apart and from another era .
someone ought to teach you your place in this world , eva . ''
it was a bedroom community with a bedrock place in u.s . history .
i suppose connor has taken his place in rose 's life .
unknowingly , i brought her to this place in her life .
the shower is my one solitude : a place where self - love exists , where the steam and my prickling nerves combust and ward off anxiety .
but it 's not my place to stick up for daisy .
it 's not your place or mine to make that decision for him . ''
we finish eating and after all the tense conversations , it 's hard to remember why we were here in the first place .
she adored milan , and it would always have a special place in her heart , but nothing could compare to new york .
but now , she was remembering what had drawn her to john in the first place .
lexi was still pretty pissed that parker had the audacity to bring that paperwork to ramsey in the first place .
he bites out the instructions as if angry with me for concealing it in the first place .
everything was falling into place ; we were acknowledging the connection between us , we were thriving off of it .
that 's the only reason i agreed to do the job in the first place .
jude i almost fool myself into thinking that the last few weeks did n't even take place .
he was normally so controlled that it seemed out of place .
it 's not my place to speculate- '' ` ` audrey , '' bronte interrupted .
hunter had been overseeing it to ensure that nothing was out of place .
dressy enough that she could pass for formal , but it would n't look out of place if the evening was casual .
surely reality did n't hold a place where someone as beautiful and sexy as gretchen approached him in his greenhouse while he 'd jerked on his cock , desperate with need for her .
suddenly , things clicked into place .
suddenly , a few things locked into place .
lucky for me , i did n't have to interact with too many high school boys and never allowed myself to get caught up in the estrogen possessed drama that took place at my school .
it had taken months and months of treatment and rehabilitation , but finally my healing process had reached a place where i felt comfortable getting back to my life .
i will always have a special place in my heart for him .
` ` scarlett , you and rat have a lot y' all need to talk about ; like i said earlier , it 's not my place to tell you his story .
you 're right ; it 's not your place to tell me .
i had been completely consumed by the pain and feeling of abandonment , that i had blocked out all of the reasons that made me fall in love with him in the first place .
i wanted him to talk to her first , i did n't think it was my place to tell him , but i did want him to know .
being my first love ... my first relationship ... my first everything really made him very special to me and i would always hold a special place in my heart for him .
i ' m not about placing blame or saying who or what is responsible for the place you are at in your life .
an overwhelming feeling of relief came over me after reading cruz ' texts about sebastian ; everything seemed to be falling into place for me .
all of my hard work seemed to have started paying off ; everything was falling into place .
` ` i 'll always be your biggest fan and you will always have a special place in my heart .
i told him that i loved mason , and would always have a special place in my heart , but he was my past and ash was my future .
where to begin , where to begin ... ahhhh , my thoughts are all over the place !
i tried to concentrate on work , but my thoughts were all over the place today .
maybe i ' m just worried because everything seems to be falling into place , especially for whitley .
the first results had come in a burst of light and inspiration , and he 'd thought that the rest would slide into place easily .
that was not his place , not anymore .
i surround myself with positive and generally happy people ; negativity does n't own a place of my soul anymore .
i ' m fighting myself for control , control against my own frustrations , control over the pain that has no place in my heart anymore , and control against my raging hard on that seems to be pointing right at izzy .
my dear wife seems to have forgotten her place in the world .
` ` this is n't my place to tell you , and i feel like i ' m betraying dee by even opening my mouth . ''
now that melissa is almost six months pregnant with their twins , and they are all finally happy , things are definitely in a better place for me to let him in .
how disillusioned had i been to believe school was first and foremost a place to learn ?
i felt his smile curve into place as he kissed my neck .
his gaze stayed fixed on that point south of my navel as a slow smile crept into place .
` ` maybe we were never meant to be together in the first place . ''
you in and back out of my life before i even knew you were there in the first place .
this was a place all our own .
` ` meaning if you did n't keep me on my toes every second of every day , i 'd have figured out a way to get you down the aisle by now , '' he said , and it all clicked into place .
jude may have wanted a fancy new truck someday , but this one would always hold a special place in his heart .
no one could fill that empty place except for him .
had come to take it - and their place in the world - for granted in a way they had n't before .
that shy smile is what drew me to him in the first place .
i feel that hollow place at the center of my chest as i walk down the stairs and think about tadwick .
it 's organized , efficient , everything and everyone has a place .
she could be a bit too sunshine and rainbows sometimes , but for some reason , it had worked to bring me out of my darkest place .
he filled a place that i could n't .
it took me a moment to put the pieces together , and once they snapped into place , i fought to get away from those eyes , from those hands .
` ` what i ' m saying is that you do n't know why you 're drawn to him right now , but someday things might fall into place and you 'll realize it was supposed to happen . ''
it was such a relief to fall back into this life , into this place where i was surrounded by people who cared about me and missed me and wanted to share things with me .
mindset to more insubstantial , metaphysical ideas , like one 's place in life , in the universe .
it 's savage and disturbing on too many levels and has no place in my life . ''
` ` you know you always have a place with me . ''
her mind was all over the place , running between her dream , the shower , brennan 's smile , and the sloshy feeling in her brain , and then back around and around again .
though , devon was n't sure how the woman had managed working the busy restaurant with just brennan 's help in the first place .
devon had n't felt like it was her place to step in .
he sounded uncomfortable and out of place , and devon did n't blame him .
but from the way candice had tried to lecture me on all i probably had done wrong on the date during breakfast , i doubted much studying would take place if it involved her .
` ` it 's not my place to tell you , evie . ''
the puzzle pieces clicked into place and nodding , i stood up to visit the bathroom .
their slinky dresses were black or navy and their lips red and shiny , making me feel out of place in my golden yellow , hot pink lips , and fair , creamy skin .
i straightened my shoulders because finally i was finding my place .
` ` and there 's a special place in hell for the men that f**k with them . ''
not because i was scared of him , but because i wanted him to be aware of his place in our ` ` relationship '' : chasing after me .
the core of what makes you what you are wo n't be appeased until you 're back in your proper place . ''
you 're risking everything : your place in the order , your relationship with vonnegut , your life , my life . ''
` ` go along with my plan to tell vonnegut that she 's dead , or tell him the truth , tell him everything that went on here to secure your place in the order .
` ` it is not my place to tell . ''
the pieces of the puzzle that is fredrik gustavsson are finally starting to fall into place .
they 're at a good stasis , but they ca n't live alone since isolation is what amplified their addictions in the first place .
the failure of my company feels not only like a failure of my dream , but a failure of my place in the family .
i try to imagine a life without rose and i see something gray , something motionless - a world without time and a place without color .
i never thought i 'd reach that place in her heart , above her sisters .
` ` maybe relationships have no place here at all .
my lungs felt far away , like they had sunk down into my stomach , and everything in me felt out of place .
falling into place .
i could feel myself falling back into that familiar pit , that place where i 'd wasted so many years .
there was so much wrong about fantasizing about the son of the woman standing in front of me , i was sure there was a special place in hell for people who did it .
i did n't know yet , but i did know the changes taking place inside and outside of me were good ones .
` ` only that there 's no place for you in it . ''
for the millionth time that summer , i wondered what had brought those totally opposite people together in the first place .
i know you see the world as this place full of unicorns and rainbows and shit , but that 's not reality .
i felt his tell - tale smile move into place , and then his hand left my breast .
` ` i guess i should have known better than to assume that once i 'd found the woman i wanted to spend my life with , everything else would just fall into place . ''
what 's got me worried is why she kept it from me in the first place . ''
garth leaned toward me , a twisted smile moving into place .
` ` okay , '' i said , feeling a smile moving into place .
i worked a smile into place and almost groaned as the water continued to heat .
damn , there was a special place in heaven for a girl who could tell you what she wanted without a hint of shame .
` ` it sucks that they got themselves into this situation in the first place , '' sam said as i handed him a beer .
that was probably what attracted me to her in my drunken stupor in the first place .
i hated the idea that ayden would see my broken - down mother and wonder why i had n't done more to help her or been able to stop this from happening to her in the first place .
i wanted to tell her i could n't see a place in my life or in my bed for anyone but her now , and that she made me feel that every love song i had ever written or sung made no sense until she came into the picture .
i knew rule had the ins and outs of the real reason , but jet was telling most people he got into a fight , so i did n't feel like it was my place to explain his family dynamics to her .
i let out a string of swear words that were totally out of place in an establishment this old and regal , but that somehow made what she was doing with her lips and her tongue that much better .
it made me even more proud , more impressed by her that she had fought back , and found her way out to a place of awesomeness .
it 's really not my place to inform sydney that the guy she 's dating is screwing her roommate .
it 's not my place , and until i get to know her better , i ' m not in a position for her to trust me .
it 's not my place to judge your situation , because i obviously ca n't put myself in your shoes .
whatever it is , the tears begin to well in my eyes , and i hate that i ' m letting either of them get to me in the first place .
it 's too much , considering what 's happened between us in the past , but i feel as if it 's my fault his shoulders hurt in the first place .
i thought back on what got me into listening to music in the first place .
it 's not my place to tell you maggie 's business . ''
i clench my fists again , wondering why in the hell i ever had those conversations with sydney in the first place .
casual conversation has no place between us right now , yet i ca n't bring myself to reply any differently .
the power of terror - filled unknown sucked me into a dark place deep inside - a place full of rapists and murderers and unmentionable monsters .
i did n't like to think about the reason we were being made to wash . that was the future - a place i could n't think about .
a woman who wanted a place beside the complex , problem - riddled man .
my place in the world was by q 's side .
i finally had one answer , and the rest started falling into place .
remind me of my place . ''
a place untouched by his father , an uninherited space .
the memory of being hurt took centre place in my stupor , replaying , hitting me around the head with the hard - learned lessons over and over until i became afraid of my inner thoughts .
` ` it 's not my place , but i do n't think you should let her have it . ''
a fallen angel that had no place on earth and fought a daily battle to fit in .
something in me clicked into place , and i was no longer just pretty f**king certain , i was without a doubt , completely f**king sure , i was in love with scarlett .
i kept waiting for something to click into place , but it was n't happening , and the more it did n't happen , the more nervous i got .
i 'd actually been really drunk , and my thoughts had been all over the place because of an unexpected visit from landon 's parents that morning .
this is the kind of place where i belong , in a place no one wants to admit exists , just like they do n't want to admit i exist .
this is the kind of place where i belong , in a place no one wants to admit exists , just like they do n't want to admit i exist .
in reality , as i look at him , he seems out of place in a home like this , littered with glass bongs and roach clips and ceramic pipes , kind of similar to the ones landon kept hidden in his room .
and now i need to find away to forgive him and figure out my place in this world .
cameronian place i burst out laughing as it all began to make sense .
i was in a weird place about my long - suffering singledom .
i tried watching another movie and eating the snacks nate had left behind , but my body was still taut from being left high and dry , and my emotions were all over the place .
open to what my fingers could do and where the music could take me , it was such a revelation - a place where standardized tests , grades , and sports did n't tell me how valuable i was .
she seemed to be a keeper of secret places , seeking asylum in the unknown , carving out her own place in a world so hostile to what she could offer .
i thought of trevor , asleep , like a little child in my little place between the truth and denial .
all the pieces fell into place as i took her mouth with mine , as she parted her lips and let me say how sorry i was .
the feeling of giving my body to him so intimately , his mouth guiding me to a place of pleasure i knew existed in theory but could n't imagine was so- sam stopped and ran his hands up over my hips , to the edge of my br**sts , and kissed my mons , the gesture surprisingly sweet compared to the very erotic nature of what he 'd just done with me .
all jax felt was residual bitterness at himself for being stupid enough to trust her in the first place .
he suddenly felt overly big and bulky and rough in the delicate , refined space , and terribly out of place .
i wanted so badly to fit in here , to find a place for myself .
` ` and here i thought surfing took place in the water . ''
until i go beyond individual orgasms to a place where there is no end and no beginning , only continuous , never - ending ecstasy .
at first i think it 's because they believe sensuous art has no place in public places , but its more than that .
the reason why i went to seminary in the first place was so that i could help people .
` ` this is your place !
she surrendered the spoon , slumped against the granite island , and allowed herself to mourn something she never had in the first place .
it took me forever to even discover why women liked sex in the first place . ''
she always had a green thumb but could n't really experiment with their place in the city .
i ' m just having trouble getting my head and my heart in the same place . ''
it showed me where my place was in this family , and i did n't like it .
` ` it 's not my place to ask or know about anything like that .
chapter 19 during the shoot my brain is all over the place .
edward looks at me , things finally clicking into place .
my fortune , all of it was made because she inspired me in the first place . ''
i ' m quiet for a moment and then something he 'd said to me clicks into place .
if i was , i never would have left you alone in the first place . ''
it looked out of place , '' the investigator told the detective .
things were taking place that simply gave it away .
concentrating , i move between the racks , thinking of why i got sent down here in the first place .
she earned a permanent place of honor . ''
i should n't , and i do n't have any place feeling possessive over dawson , but i do .
it was funny , really , because i could n't figure out why i started loving him in the first place .
i did n't know and even if i did , it was n't my place to judge .
for once , everything clicked into place .
i 'd never felt so out of place in my life .
this is the only place that is mine , and i ' m not about to share it with them . ''
i looked down trying to get ahold of my emotions that were all over the place .
i grumbled and rolled onto my back , quickly slipping back into the place between sleep and waking .
we could have told them monday , but everyone 's emotions were so all over the place with brandon 's fight and my disappearing act , that we decided it was best to continue with our plan to wait until today .
his mouth swept me up into him like his voice had , bringing me to a place of no return .
i wanted to scream and hit and freak out , but stupidity had no place in my life .
like my mind finally left the dark place and i can grasp at the light again .
i felt out of place , like i should n't have been there .
but by the time i reach the apartment and recollect what made me drink that much in the first place , all i want to do is go to my room , turn the lights off , and sleep for an eternity .
she 's wearing a white dress and pearls around her neck , looking completely out of place at the truck stop .
usually i would n't care , but right now i feel like i ' m on the verge of tears , my emotions all over the place .
how i got to this place where every rule i set for myself i ' ve managed to break .
it throws me off and i struggle to get my balance back , but i ' m hopelessly falling to a place i ' m unfamiliar with and i need to regain my footing before i do anything drastically life - altering .
i was pretty much insane and my mind was all over the place .
` ` it does n't matter , but it 's not the place for you .
my head is in such a weird place right now over the dream .
i ' m on the verge of combusting , feeling as though i ' m tumbling into a wonderful , divine , unknown place .
i think she might have smiled at me once , but i was n't completely sure at the time , nor did i care , because i was in a place where guilt was possessing my heart and mind .
it hurts my heart looking at it , because as an artist , i can guess what place her thoughts were at when she drew it because i ' ve been in that place .
when he sings the first few lyrics , the soft , melodious sound of his voice blankets me and i float away to a place of memories linked to emotions that connect his soul to mine .
this is my place , not yours !
` ` if you blow this avery , you have no place here .
the things he 's said that do n't make sense start to snap into place .
i ' m not sure why i let him into my messed up life in the first place .
janice was a new student and had n't found her place in the ranks yet , which was probably why she was even acknowledging the girl .
i saw you in the coffee shop that day and then everything snapped into place , just as everything snapped into place when you saw me . ''
the sunlight was so bright , so terrible and out of place after what i 'd gone through .
even though i knew that ellie despised javier , that she was in a terrible place and needed my help - our help - i thought about what must have attracted her to him in the first place .
yet i did not feel the anger and the horror of my own wounds , my own place in all of this .
the place inside you .
out of place in this smog - filled super city .
he raised his brows in disbelief and i knew he was close to bringing up the foolish mistakes i 'd made that allowed him catch me in the first place .
i ' m still trying to figure her out , what it is about her that i ca n't quite place , but at the same time trying to force myself not to be attracted to her because it 's like i just know she 's jailbait , or she 's going to lie about it .
apparently , he decides it 's not his place to further this particular subject .
the room became a foreign place as the song of the ocean cut off .
even though she was pregnant , she did n't have to feel huge and out of place .
i lost my place in time .
a quick rap at the door reminded us all why we were gathered there in the first place .
i hated typical , which is why i attempted to steer clear of jack in the first place back in college .
he rarely offers comfort , rather , he wants to know what makes me feel the way i do in the first place .
` ` my head 's just been in a really weird place .
` ` uganda is a forgotten place , is n't it ? ''
it was cold and perfect and everything had a place .
i completely understand that they serve a purpose and that there is a place for them in the circle of life .
denny answered for us , ` ` sure , mate , whatever ... it 's your place . ''
if and when you return , you always have a place here . ''
just as comments and the crowd 's stares and laughter slowly began clicking into place for me , kellan shoved griffin away from us and made his way to the stereo .
although , the instruments that now held a place of honor on the darkened stage were a bright pink , a deep purple and an electric teal .
it was the one that had first made me notice kellan ; it held a special place in my heart .
that was one of the reasons kellan had played along in the first place .
the range of reactions was all over the place , from shock , to anger , to grief .
but a place was just a place .
watching him like that on stage was like seeing the puzzle pieces all shifting into place .
i was blessed in the friend department , having many that i was close with , but james would always have a special place in my heart .
my head was in a dark place , and so the possibilities were endless .
i thought oliver was coming to get me , but then i suddenly realized that i was no longer trapped ; that i could leave this place that closeted my nightmares .
beth will , without doubt , be aware of jordan 's past when it comes to women , but it 's not my place to pass comment .
all i can see is him , and i forget why i was nervous in the first place .
` ` my mind is all over the place . ''
wanting to change the subject no one but me knows what jules told him and it 's not my place to spread that shit .
when i see her car parked outside the gate , all the things i did n't understand , the things she has been keeping bottled up , slide into place .
he was grinning that boyish grin that had made me fall for him in the first place .
at the end of the ninth inning , my butt was numb , i was hot and sweaty from baking in the sun , and my mood was all over the place .
it went on and on , striking again and again , and i began to move with the strikes , circling my hips , the pain taking my mind to a little fuzzy place , and i thought i would come if he so much as touched my sex .
even the restroom was daunting , huge with cream and white marble along the floor , and thick columns that seemed out of place in a bathroom .
i think it was learning about her , his wife , that got my mind back into that dark place again .
even the things that have made it hard for you to let me in hold a special place in my heart .
i only have my suspicions about his guardian , and it really is n't my place to be telling you this , but in order to understand some of what james has done , i think you should know- '' ` ` i know all about spencer , if that 's what you 're getting at .
it is not your place to step in here , stephan .
and while history has its place in the predictable probabilities of both economics and meteorology ( clever analogy , btw ) , it 's hardly useful if you need to know whether or not to invest in foreign currency or bring your umbrella to school .
even i had to admit there was something about mckenna that seemed out of place in my life .
she looked so tiny and out of place in this dirty , windowless room on her hands and knees cleaning up other people 's filth .
mckenna looked completely out of place here .
he did n't look out of place among the students .
it 's a stupid , random thought , out of place on this battlefield , but i ca n't shake it .
i can not allow such errant foolishness any place in my heart .
i ' m sure it 's not my place . ''
it would n't replace the baby she 'd lost - that unnamed child would always hold a special place in her heart - but they could start a family .
at 8:30 in the morning the yawn would have seemed out of place to anyone who did n't know just how sleep - deprived they all were .
when you meet someone and you find yourself transported into a place of calm serenity , are n't you supposed to feel calm and serene ?
the sidewalk stretched on , their feet pounding the pavement as they walked with purpose back to the hospital entrance , josie 's entire being in a completely different place than it had been when her feet had stepped out of those same doors .
so she had spent most of the day dusting baseboards , pulling things off shelves and wiping under them , cleaning the crud out of the corners of the bathroom and making sure that everything that did n't really have a place appeared to have some kind of a place .
who had , collectively , helped her to reach this place of empowerment and love so that she could face an eighteen - year - old piece of baggage the size of a small paperback book .
sometimes privacy within relationships had a place , and this was one of those times .
my parents and jonathan 's parents chatted like old friends in the car and jonathan and i chimed in every now and then , but barbi was silent and i could tell that she felt out of place .
more likely it 's a telemarketer trying to sell me a place in italy because some cookie i downloaded is announcing my location .
` ` it was not my place to say anything . ''
a place where i can be myself and know i belong .
the woman could n't have looked more out of place in the downtown detective agency office , new holmes .
it did n't fit how he 'd imagined her place .
if they had any sort of relationship , she 'd have to tell him about her job and what had brought her to him in the first place .
pleasure had its place in his life , but nothing was more important than the business he 'd built for himself .
we ca n't change that it was n't the place it should have been for us , but we can create something for ourselves .
how he scorched his place in my soul , assuring that any man i dated would be measured against him .
i can appreciate your concern but it 's not your place anymore .
` ` it was n't my place to tell you that . ''
i definitely felt out of place .
my heart that was once so devastated with thoughts of losing him was now being stitched back together , like it was never shattered in the first place .
there 's a flat - screen tv mounted to the purple wall , which seems poignantly out of place in the otherwise archaically decorated room .
everything rose told me , how out of place i felt , how out of place i am .
everything rose told me , how out of place i felt , how out of place i am .
it was as if her curves had rebelled and multiplied in her sleep , as if some sort of mitosis had taken place against her will .
fear had no place in skiing .
dumb , i know since they 're the ones who convinced me to go after matt in the first place , but i ca n't help it .
soon , my world spins off its axis , sending me into a place of pure and absolute bliss , like every molecule and atom inside of me is vibrating , and i ' ve never felt more alive .
it was like she knew all the right buttons to push , making him feel f**king unsure of where his place in her life was - and he did not f**king like it .
i also have a place for something , yes i do .
goddammit , why had he even agreed to that kiss in the first place ?
he obviously had n't realized the mob had been keeping such close tabs on him , or that kelly might have been in any kind of danger in the first place .
he did n't feel anything out of place , did n't have that sense that someone was with him or that he was being watched .
when i found that emotional place , i roared the last notes of the song , getting rid of all the accumulated junk feeding the angry girl in my heart .
it was too late to have a gentlemanly conversation about monica and her place in the musical lexicon , of course .
they intruded , bullying me into remembering my place when he and i were alone together .
everything was exactly what i expected , like i was walking into a familiar place .
i was his , and in that last definition - that i was owned by deacon i knew my place in the chaos .
he 'd closed himself off so suddenly that touching him seemed out of place .
everything had a place , and everything was in it .
i did this feeling the contradictory feelings of weird and maybe a little frightened we had n't yet gotten to the place where i could unload my life on him and elated i finally had someone to unload my life on .
and my baby was that place for me .
further , shit was falling into place and i wanted this job done .
i just did n't know what was on his mind , where he wanted to be and i would never have guessed he would take for granted wherever that place was , it would be with me .
they 're puttin ' her in some state funded place .
i see now you two got history but i do not have a place in that .
` ` just over six months but gray and i ' ve known each other for over seven years , '' i told him , decided , considering he seemed willing and able to dole out justice for me , i would leave out the history and buddy 's place in it and finished , ` ` it 's a long story . ''
* * * * * almost to dreamland , tucked close to sam , feeling freaking phenomenal , memphis sprawled on her side of the bed , in a voice gruff with oncoming sleep , sam muttered , ` ` it 's good you did n't find a place in heartmeadow , baby .
` ` you got your place with the club , i got mine . ''
i thank you for takin ' your place in my world and likin ' it .
it was on unsteady legs in silver , strappy , stiletto - heeled sandals that i walked out finally determined to explain to mitch about mara world and his place in it .
you do your time , sort yourself out , you get out , we can talk about you having a place in their lives .
his eyes got intense and he said softly , ` ` not my place , lost that place and i ' spect you know it but i ' m gon na say it anyway and i hope you know i got my son 's best interests at heart but , like olivia , you are far from hard on the eyes and , like olivia , you 're sugar sweet and i need you now , tess , to promise me what 's under all that frosting , '' he jerked his chin at me , ` ` tastes just as sweet . ''
she 's alone here with a man she barely f**kin ' knows and , bein ' dad , he thinks it 's his place to have a conversation with my f**kin ' woman about her bein ' violated . ` `
` ` so , if you ca n't feel that for her , it 's not my place to tell you this and i do n't mean to offend you but i ' m speaking on behalf of the sisterhood here , you need to let her go so she can find someone who feels about her the way she feels about you . ''
you never shoulda hooked up with that dickface in the first place .
then it all slid into place , the thing that happened that was priority hit me like a bullet , and i turned woodenly to shy who was also staring at the door , that muscle ticking in his jaw .
i told him my father had no place in my life but my father kept his place in it and he did this by keeping in touch with niles .
i told him my father had no place in my life but my father kept his place in it and he did this by keeping in touch with niles .
your brother 's place means somethin ' to you then we 'll work somethin ' out . ''
i pulled in breath and in pulling it in , life as i 'd come to know it re - established its place in my brain .
of course , this was not my place to say so i kept my mouth shut .
and , back in the day when they could get away with it , any black man who stepped outside of what the fullers and their brethren felt was their place , fuller 's daddy , granddaddy and their brethren took them to that cabin and taught them their place .
some people , like krystal , you got ta earn a place inside .
` ` we doin ' your place or my place tonight ? ''
and i walked in on you while you were dealin ' with some serious shit you were not in a place to process with me .
that place is with me .
his place is .
this is your place , do what you want .
they had no place here .
i 'll have the papers drawn up to ensure you know your place , and we can put this idiocy of you not believing this is your future behind us . ''
the rules of everyday life had no place in this new existence , and if jethro thought i would play by his rules , he was a fucking idiot .
swallowing the overwhelming emotions that had no place in my world , i muttered , ` ` i 'll make you proud , father . ''
she seemed out of place in the rotund room with its six windows , lush chinese sewn carpet , and treasure trove of small lead figurines from indian and cowboy child play - sets .
v and tex used it more than any other expression , keeping me in my place of uncertain , fumbling daughter .
i could n't think without her being centre place in my mind .
another man had threatened what was mine and the urge to slam her to the ground and claim took second place .
for a moment i hung suspended in a horrible place of ignoring my inner righteousness and coming .
tears had no place in the black void i existed in .
goddammit , my thoughts were all over the place .
this is your place , devil .
you 're going to realize your place in all of this .
i 'd hate to think i ' m being taught by a self - righteous pig who thinks a woman 's place is in the home , '' she replied .
for whatever reason you need to come to the library , it 's not my place to cause trouble . ''
would he ever have a place for me in his heart ?
her senses were all over the place from the pleasure of having two men paying her attention .
like she had a place in the world no matter how minor it actually was .
i want a wife who knows her place .
lunch time was over , and now her thoughts were all over the place .
her mind was all over the place , and all she could do was feel .
her parents wanted the marriage to take place to solidify their own future in the business industry .
` ` i do n't think it 's your place to tell me what i can and ca n't do . ''
` ` women need to learn their place .
she saw the mock smile appear on his features , and she cursed herself for the time spent dwelling on why he was there in the first place .
after so many years of looking out for herself , his care seemed a little out of place .
` ` i ' m going to tell alex i ' m the one who had to disturb his sister 's resting place . ''
her thoughts were all over the place and not making any sense at all .
they would get to her apartment to find nothing out of place .
for a reputable businessman he sure looked out of place in the seedy part of town .
angel was so out of place within the club , but lash would not have any other woman by his side .
i know the time we ' ve spent together has been all over the place .
crap , his thoughts were all over the place , and he could n't think clearly at all .
we do n't even know why he got addicted in the first place . ''
` ` you earn your place back in the club , then it 's yours .
after the month you can then earn your place within the club .
there 's always a place for you here .
her body was also out of place in the bar .
angel was the only woman who 'd ever have a real place in his heart and his life .
then i met cadeon , and everything has fallen into place .
only he 'd been the bastard to capture her and put her in the system in the first place .
seeing no salvation in his office , he left the room and made his way down to the dungeon where the real action was taking place .
he hated other men talking to her , and he 'd been the one to put her in this position in the first place .
` ` this is not our place , '' violet said .
how can a half breed ever have a place in your pack ?
i was going to wait until you accepted your place within my pack . ''
she needed to know her place .
your place is not in the skulls .
you were the one to put him at risk in the first place . ''
` ` aye , aye , captain , '' seemed completely out of place .
` ` it was your family 's place to make sure your fiance was worthy of you , '' he said .
she wanted to believe that she 'd finally earned a place in her family . ''
` ` so when she thought he was going to name her as his heir , it made her feel as if she 'd finally won a place in his heart . ''
for two years , she 'd made certain that she did n't sweat , or smell , or have a hair out of place in his presence .
hundred - thousand - dollar rugs and cut - crystal chandeliers had no place in her world .
lord , how she wanted to believe it , wanted to believe that come morning she 'd be back in complete control of her world , of her place in it .
had never wanted to look into someone 's soul and know that there was a place for himself there .
and no more worrying about the real world or either of their opposite places in it .
one of the first things he 'd learned as a doctor had been that emotions had a time and place , but not in the operating room .
no place to live .
as pieces of the puzzle fell into place , she buried her face in travis 's pillow and wept .
but it 's not my place to tell him anything else , or even that we ' ve met before .
it was always fun to watch the realization dawn on someone 's face - i did n't just have a place in this building , this building was my place .
you 're only allowed to ' know your place ' as long as it does n't bring you any pleasure . ''
maddy and daniel returned from their corner , without actually having disappeared into one of the mysterious back rooms , where i assumed all kinds of debauchery took place .
if i 'd known how much you want the look , i never would have offered it in the first place .
my thoughts are all over the place , and i ' m barely making any sense , but at least i realize it .
obviously this woman he visited held a place in his heart .
standing in front of his door , i take a deep breath , and allow my mind to go to a place that 'll put me in the state i need to be in when he opens the door and looks at me .
that i ' m no longer sure of my place in this world . ''
my emotions are all over the place , and i do n't know what to do with the feelings that overcome me .
i figured he 'd be more than a little understanding considering he was the reason i was so exhausted in the first place .
one of those days that made you wonder why you got out of bed in the first place .
it did n't mean she 'd earned a place in my life . ''
the plush , roomy thing seemed out of place in a hospital .
you said you want to earn your place at the table and prove that you belong here .
you want to earn your place at the table , this is how that gets done .
megan was pulling me to the stairs , but there was still the older lady that was staring at her like she brought back memories and the guy ogling her like she was the reason the word ' sexy ' had been created in the first place .
even as jacob 's assistant , my place was still relatively low on the totem pole .
or a fish out of water girl who had the attention of two celebrity suitors , cementing her place on the shit list of females all over .
i did not even have a place on the chain of command .
` ` i ' m not sure it 's my place ... '' ` ` just tell me , '' she snapped .
but when he strode forward , backing me up until i was against the wall with no place to go except through him , there was no mistaking his intentions .
the terms ' dominant ' and ' submissive ' must have gotten lost in the haze of lust , but it all clicked into place when he dropped the bomb .
but she needed to learn her place .
i 'd let delilah seep in like a poison and i was spiraling down a rabbit hole that did n't lead to my paradise ; a place of belts and restraints and safe words .
i needed to see the moment it all clicked into place and she realized the power in submission , the beautiful gift she was giving me - and the life altering pleasure i 'd give her in return .
as much as i wanted to caress her and watch her come undone in my hands , it was important to establish the scene and our place in it .
i thought these flowers were a do - over , a second chance with logan , not a too - late apology from the ex that never really got me in the first place .
i embraced my need to dominate and my place as a force in the business world .
it felt like an eternity since we took on the roles that drew us to each other in the first place .
i faced her , needing her to look into my eyes and see that i was coming from some place real .
an anthropological trip to ... well , some place far away .
my brother ca n't make a commitment , and you do n't want to be in a family who thinks you ought to be put back in your rightful place , do you now ? ''
he is seemingly transported to another place ... and that place is inside her .
he is seemingly transported to another place ... and that place is inside her .
he wonders why he needed them in the first place .
she was still learning her place in their world and was , at times , unsure of her boundaries but vince and nolan were always accommodating of her education .
we ' ve done things ... well , let 's just say , there 's probably a special place reserved in hell for the buchanan boys , and that includes dillon .
it 's been a pleasure writing this amazing series for my fans and i ' m so honored to have found a place in your hearts with this wonderful story.if you loved this story , please tell a friend or feel free to ` ` like '' or post a nice review !
especially since he 'd been the one to approach her in the first place .
` ` my sister 's the one who got my wife riled up in the first place , '' carson snapped .
he had no place in her life , for pete 's sake .
moistening the pad of his thumb with his tongue , he wiped the dark spot away , then ran his fingers over the tiny freckles that looked so out of place against the backdrop of her olive - tinted skin .
he may have been born and raised in marin county , but he 'd always felt so out of place there .
` ` i ' m still not sure why it happened in the first place . ''
it allowed some of the puzzle pieces to slide into place and explained the shadows in aidan 's eyes .
dylan smothered a laugh and had to wonder why he 'd bothered stressing about this conversation in the first place .
chris had never shared that piece of information with her , but the moment she heard it , so many things clicked into place .
whether she liked it or not , chris was still dylan 's family , and so she was making an effort for dylan 's sake , and would keep doing it until his relationship with his brother returned to a place both he and chris were comfortable with .
brenda weldrick - jordan - davis - schwartz - parker - hassan - reilly - diaz - reynolds had no place in their lives .
it was never your place or responsibility to talk him out of anything , and i ' m sorry for saying what i did . ''
last year i went with him to angie 's parents ' house , and i felt totally out of place .
these males are somewhere between guydom and manhood , with guydom being that place in which the masculine form of our species gets stuck for the several years after high school and surrounding college .
i read somewhere that every broken road in life leads to where you were meant to go in the first place .
` ` i could n't stand to see you in that awful place they transferred you to !
he had no place here , in her home .
it was almost as long as the list of reasons why she 'd allowed him to seduce her in the first place .
he had no place here .
it was an act of tenderness , so out of place in the theatre of their sex games that it brought a lump to her throat .
when he turned off the spotlight of his charm and humour , being around him was suddenly a cold and very dark place .
it had no place here , and lucien 's opinion of him would inevitably change .
lucien watched dylan 's expression go from easy to stricken , and the pieces tumbled into place .
it was hanging out of his tight jeans in a way that made elroy wonder how he 'd packed the big thing into those tight jeans in the first place .
for an instant , all his fears and frustrations disappeared and the world was a comfortable place to be again .
there was no place in my world for a lady or her ways .
addy was supper - model beautiful , which made this odd looking man look so out of place beside her .
in that strange and unfamiliar place sean had taken me to in my mind , it did not occur to me that the man i was now clinging to was the man who had taken me there .
i turned around , feeling that awful , hollow place bane 's absence had forged in my being so long ago .
and yet , there was a place within me , a place so small , compressed by these very voices that seemed stronger than anything in the world .
i stuffed a french fry in my mouth , feeling a little bummed about the current situation and kicking myself for not staying totally away from him in the first place .
my thoughts were shattered into a million pieces , and i tried desperately to focus on his question , on why i had come here in the first place .
also , it was nt my place to tell anyone about luke .
a frown marred the line on his face for a second before it was gone , and anne was not sure if it was merely her own imagination that it was there in the first place .
anas excitement increased the very next second ; this time , the gasp gave place to a little cry of amazement when she noticed lucas also passing by them very fast , wearing pants - for - training and a tight shirt that allowed one to guess his well delineated abdominals .
however , his look of beloved grandfather deceived : for him , everything had its time and place .
however , if lucas had nt showed up to support her , maybe she would nt have left her safe place despite the insistence of the teacher .
the tv occupied a central place in the cabinet .
closing my eyes , i go to my peaceful place : my grandmothers garden .
we never get back to that place we were before the accident .
the three jerky sticks did nt look out of place in our sad little situation .
the scope of it all fell into place .
every thing , or person , in his life had a place .
my father is the supervisor for the mmw factory in hamburg and he persuaded herr meyer to have my training take place in london .
its not my place to tell you what to do with your life .
and it will be a relief to me to have several days to myself without the intrusion of suitors who wish only to have a place in the azarmonian council .
just as he had decided to purchase a wide piece of land on the outskirts of maya and build a kingdom of his own , the place of his past was being forcibly shoved at him .
i was miserable without him , yet when with him my emotions were all over the place .
the problem was i had no idea what i d done to make him fall for me in the first place .
but now , she 's secured herself a place in my heart forever , and i ' ve realized that i ca n't and do n't want to live without her . ''
she was clearly the center of the group , leaning on the table in the bored , self - assured attitude of one who was positive of her place in the world .
as i waited for my mom to arrive , my mind wandered back to nell and what i had seen and heard in the scary place that was her head .
the lunch table was its normal noisy , chaotic place , and i tried to play along as usual , although my mind was still on amber .
i m about to let it rip about how she s the one who got us into this mess in the first place , when i look around the empty road and realize , i m still running late for work , and fighting over it is nt going to solve anything .
i ca nt even process it , only respond from some place of pure instinct , like were dancing in perfect harmony to steps i never even knew i learned .
his blue eyes caught my focus and drew me , holding me prisoner in a place where time did not exist .
she knew that katie had no special place in her heart for lisa , but old loyalty prevented her from agreeing .
still , she knew that jon bostoff did not hold a warm place in his heart for her , but maybe , just maybe , she could manage to change his mind by turning jon 's wife into an ally .
ill find a place somewhere .
everything dropped into place .
that s when everything fell into place , mandy explained .
yes , i would agree to home care , if you could show me that everything is in place .
so when she had taken her a levels it seemed a logical step to apply for a place at the chelsea college of art and design and train to be a fashion designer .
so you ve come to talk about a place for your daughter , i believe .
today the church looked a drab and dismal place under the grey , gloomy sky and as she opened the lych gate its noisy creaking cut through the stillness of the churchyard and caused a robin in a nearby holly tree to take flight .
slowly matthew lay back on the shower wall and just let it happen , his mind was in a faraway place .
he deciding to say nothing , it has pride of place in the lounge he told her , in that special spot where it can not help to be noticed .
something lingered in his expression that she could nt quite place .
but once your lifes back to normal , i probably wo nt have a place in it except as part of an unwelcome memory .
anyone who had been at mercy for more than a month could have explained the folly of such intervention , but newbies always convince themselves that they can transform mercy into a place worthy of its name .
no , only death would take me from this place .
the inner door contained a shuttered window ; if a guard suspected that foul play was taking place within the closed cell , he could reach through the bars of the outer door and open the shutter .
i tried to explain then , about the enjoyment i 'd received , knowing that i was taking him into a place where he had never been before .
i never wanted that responsibility , and honestly , they should nt have given it to me in the first place .
went to bed with all my faculties in place .
it all seems to be falling into place .
hell always hold a special place for me , and i miss him every day .
we stared at each other , his gaze was distant like his mind was in another place .
the brain is the place that the vampire venom and the shifter gene go to when injected into us .
caring for him is nt a bad thing , i know that you will always have a place for him in your heart as a friend , but do nt solely think about his well being .
if anything seems out of place were coming straight home and jenn and scott are going .
not that he 'd known she existed until he came back to idle point after his father 's first heart attack and everything fell into place .
their world might be bleak and lonely , but there was no place for them in the world above .
still , there is no place for us in the world above , so that hope was cruel and meaningless .
he enjoyed talking to her , wanted to spend time with her , wantedwanted things that had no place in the shadow maze .
peace , however tenuous , had no place in the world below .
unless the women want to become soldiers , what place do they have in such a facility ?
it had nt been his place to ask .
its a place where i can not help my fellow students see things as clearly as i do .
there s always my place .
the city of angels held a special place in my heart ; i loved everything about this city .
shed peered into all his dark corners and still made a place in her heart for him .
and for being foolish enough to love you in the first place . ''
i was an idiot to think he cared about me in the first place .
i would have thought he d look really out of place in a bar like this , but actually , he seems very comfortable .
honestly , i do nt know why you were dating her in the first place .
it was n't until he regained his composure that i realized how out of place it felt when he 'd started yelling at me .
i whispered , meanwhile ice cold dread sloshed through my stomach when i realized bloody clothes might have been what drew them here in the first place .
your genetic sequences rearrange , autumn said , her understanding slotting into place .
he brought me to this place .
she was a woman who d fought to the top of her career and who , before the last couple of days , had known her place in the world .
she was back before he came out again , but the short run had cleared her head and made place for doubts .
she needs extended rest and since i ve being performing her duties for these past months , she feels that the transition has already taken place smoothly and this is the best course for stability .
gabriel and andrew are nowhere to be found as i start my rounds , steering each patients session toward their recounting of the events that led them to this place .
i know that you and your siblings are bound to this place by something well beyond your control and that you have been searching for an answer longer than i can comprehend .
what if neither of us is and it really is what he feared in the first place , a form of manipulation ?
looking inside , i see an oversized jacuzzi which seems so out of place .
did they know about our place in the world ?
but as i looked at my angel , it fell into place ; the last piece of the puzzle for me was the first of my abilities to manifest .
second , choosing sides was seen as being dangerously close to rebelling and it was rebellion that had gotten the angels in trouble in the first place , so the fear factor cut into the numbers of who may come to our side .
my mom was behind me in the place of the greatest honor .
sam was willing to sacrifice his wings , his place as a heavenly angel , so he could marry my mother .
she was not raised to know her place in this world .
it was nt teeron or earth ; it was a place that only the two of them knew about .
as always , he was dressed in an immaculate , expensive suit and looked out of place in my crummy living conditions .
everything finally clicked into place .
everything has its place , jordan .
then again , they did say it was a place suspended from time .
i did feel out of place .
despite their years apart , he d always held a special place in her heart , and that had nt changed .
he ran a rough hand across his face , fully aware that the troubles she was trying to avoid in the first place had also been of his doing .
but i wo nt let another womans son steal elis place in history .
he was sorry to hear that she realized that she was a little out of place in their group .
i know the world is different than you thought it was , but you still have a place in it .
there were other pieces of information floating around in my head , and i needed to get back to let them settle into place .
your mind is a weird and wonderful place .
what if jackson wanted to assert his place in the packtonight ?
i could smell skunk and armadillo , squirrel and snake , and some sort of musky dead thing in the distance that made me want to check it out , but curiosity took a second place to the thrill of the chase , and i bolted through the woods merrily .
there was no time for words as their lips touched , carrying them to a magical place where time did not exist .
almost without thinking she had removed her dress and plunged into the inviting water , knowing she had found her place of peace and tranquility in this new land .
he wore no bandana and surprisingly , with appropriate attire , would not have looked out of place in the parlor of some of georgias more refined homes .
it was far more complicated and took place on a scale more conducive to a big god than any church goer ever dreamed .
her little girl visage lit up by the humor that had no place on that battered , grime smeared face .
now , as she prepared to make a giant step forward into a realm of life she could only imagine , kathy was unsure of her own place in the cosmos .
if we do , we forfeit our own freedom to exist outside of the place of chains .
not that showers stopped pregnancy , but being naked in front of a mirror so many times in one day , she could not understand how she had missed the obvious growth taking place inside her .
dark gave them substance and a place in the multiple planes of existence .
not only would they be banned from the earth but this time they would be sent to the place of chains for breaking a deal .
and he could banish them to the place of chains and allow their seed to grow up without ever knowing their true potential .
the creator of life would recognize that deal and not send them to the place of chains for their deal breaking .
but the alternative was to be sent to the place of chains for eternity .
as long as the creator of life did not show up to send them to the place of chains , they would need to make sure their plan went according to design .
they had a place given to them by the creator of life when they were first created .
instead of bringing them freedom to roam the panes , such a blood meal in the human plane would send the deal breaker forever to the place of chains .
she was either intentionally slipping out of his grasp and lying on the floor unmoving each time he grabbed her or she was so deep inside the spiritual place gol had called her that she did n't respond to her body 's stimuli any more .
everything will fall into place , just as it should .
everyone had a place in the equation .
her heart swelled as the little girl , who found a place deep within her life , lifted off her knees and kissed her on the cheek .
maybe its not my place , but i know she s been really hard on you .
this really is nt my place to share .
i ask , perhaps even out of place .
it has its own place , especially in the work we do .
that s why i came to you in the first place .
there is no place for pride in this relationship .
you re right when you say that there is no place for pride between us , and i apologize for putting it there .
she reminded herself , just as he d said last night , that there was no place for pride in their relationship .
you told me there was no place for pride in this relationship .
you must have slept late , captain , the officer said smugly , and ritcherd felt an indiscernible piece of a complicated puzzle fall into place in his mind .
when his tears ran dry and his emotion subsided again into a dull , aching shock , ritcherd tried once more to sort out the chain of events that had led to this , hoping for a place to start .
she only knew , as she looked in every direction and saw nothing but the sea , that she was going to a place completely foreign to her and had no idea how she would ever get home .
ritcherd looked into georges eyes and felt another layer of reality settle into place .
the very fact that she looked so completely out of place in this town made him wonder if she might be the woman ritch was looking for .
ritcherd prayed himself to sleep , hoping god would help him beyond his anger to a place where he could find hope again .
she was present , in that place with me , and i thought of the riddle you taught me : do you know how to find something that ca nt be found ?
most children from the outlying districts spent several hours a week travelling on rickety old buses to reach their place of learning .
however , emily was the person who had showed him that there was always place for new love in his heart , and true love not the silly sort that he had imagined with the rascal .
i wonder if someone has fallen from his place in alains heaven to some unknown hell below ?
the orchestra lost its place , flagged and stopped ; flutes , clarinets , and lastly , cello .
now he felt out of place , the only man there , and the only adult without a child .
they did nt find their place in the sky , but they knew that they belonged there , knew it in spite of all the people that told them they could nt .
suddenly the mystery fell into place where lewis had seen the guy with the crooked smile before .
it was starting to fall into place why lewis shied away from the scene .
there was no place for someone like him in tennis - and accordingly , the australian people who would attend the open on monday were being encouraged to go along and support their man , and make it clear what they felt about the insulting way macleod had treated australia with his behaviour in sydney .
and whatever was happening over there , jim felt that he had no place in it , so he decided to leave .
there was his reputation and legacy to consider a place in the hall of fame at risk .
everything was falling into place , just as lee had expected .
it was obvious the american had a prominent place in the history of his sport : five grand slam titles and ranked number one for almost three years .
your place is here ... and i think you know it , gentleman scott taylor .
he knew it had no place alongside the one that he was coaxing into reality and now appeared to be falling into place with indecent haste .
so many things suddenly clicked into place , and for a moment she felt like weeping with the shock of it all , or laughing or , if it was physically possible , both at the same time .
if i d known why you asked me out in the first place , i would have been hurt .
everyone else here seemed to have a rightful place , friends they could call their own , and a fair amount of popularity .
there had to be a place somewhere in this world for me and one day i promised myself that i would find it .
i did n't want to be harsh , but i think bailey should know where her place is now ... and it 's not next to hunter .
she obviously felt out of place in school , had nt had a boyfriend the entire time danica had known her , and was nt about to open up today .
confused is okay , but sleazy has no place at a funeral .
our teachers and parents , who hold their place in one among these first two , preferred us not to fall in love .
ca nt you find a place for me in your life ?
well , none of us really got along with her before , but they all seemed to love each other now , i wonder if there s still a place for me left in this family .
affection had no place in her life , and ethan had paid the price .
tattoo artists have no place in high society you know , i say flatly , remembering all the shit daniel put me through .
i wanted to feel annoyed at the protective gesture , but his touch was comforting in this black place of uncertainty we d found ourselves in .
but with hendrixs arms wrapped securely around me i finally found that safe place , the place that made it okay for me to cry , for me to grieve .
but with hendrixs arms wrapped securely around me i finally found that safe place , the place that made it okay for me to cry , for me to grieve .
vaughan and hendrix walked around with guns lowered and a kind of casual ease that seemed out of place for them .
but what he did nt know was with the first contact of our lips i fell into a place devoted only for him , a place i was sure i would never escape .
the new life seemed so out of place when we were faced with ugly death every single day .
peter boot says his mouth were open so , the flies had no place else to go .
and why had edward hillyard fastened his attention on her in the first place ?
it will always have a place in my heart for that . ''
something clicking into place .
glancing around the room , seeing the rumpled sheets , the large oversized bed seemed out of place amongst the light modern sleek furniture .
what you seek sits in the place that never sees the light of day nor the dark of night . ''
and how the hell would they have gotten it on her in the first place ?
maybe if you get the portals working and i could go back and forth , but otherwise i have found a place here that i never had back there .
kristen could sense she was entering a very special place .
not my place to mind .
because the god he 'd grown up with did n't seem to have a place in his heaven for the gay trans boys .
but this was our private place on the coterie 's privately - owned beach and i was willing to take the chance .
perhaps not in a classroom , but the world was an unsafe place .
nick slung his bag over one shoulder and gave con that ridiculous smile , the one that said the world was a happy , sunny place with butterflies and little white clouds .
but the internet was a big , big place , and not all experience had to be up close and personal .
you 'll always have a place with me .
maybe the lack of variety in my job is what had been eating at me lately , causing that weird feeling that something was missing or out of place somehow .
i asked , trying to sound casual , because i could nt quite place why he would be here on his day off .
in our individual apartments , everything had its place .
this kind of thing just reminded katja of why shed been tempted to break up with him in the first place .
you have a place in berlin ?
then his eyes glazed , as if something clicked into place in his head .
all those tiny details suddenly gained importance , took their rightful place in the hearts of family and friends .
the slight breeze tousled his dark hair , and even in his sunday best he looked out of place on the genteel back porch full of wicker furniture and floral cushions and potted flowers blooming through the cold .
it had always muddled me how i ever ended up with him in the first place .
its like i ve fallen into a different place in time .
even with the scary prophecy and the overwhelming , newfound knowledge of my history , i preferred this place where i had a family and people who looked at me like they cared , like i mattered .
i had learned of another realm , a people who did not believe in magic , a place so very different from our own world .
as time passes for you in this realm , your mind will let go of that place .
it is a feeling of finding your place in the world , a feeling of being complete , of finding the piece of yourself that was missing .
twenty the liquid burns my throat like the molten lava that created the rock in the first place .
she 'd never considered what he 'd had to overcome to find his place in the game .
the tragic accident had taken place on christmas eve 1910 as her parents were making their way back from carlisle in time to spend christmas with her .
but now that things have changed and more of the old timers are starting to feel more intensely , i do not feel so out of place .
it was not his place to try to influence their decisions or interfere with their selection process .
he seemed so free and easy , so confident in his direction and his place in the world that pia envied him .
dear was not how karl would describe the man , but it was not his place to comment .
they would have taken him to their world , a place that would have filled him with wonder more exciting than the wild west could ever be .
so , if the titanic sinks , i will make sure there is a place in the time machine for you then .
in fact , we are offering you a place in a world free of war or want of any kind .
he could imagine those arrogant pricks keeping them down below so that they did nt get a chance to take places that they believed belonged to the english or americans .
how could an environment like this help anyone when they had no real reason to come in the first place ?
the entire house looked eerie and out of place in the quiet neighborhood .
during the ceremony , both billy and his father now sit in the highest place of honor .
she thought about what he had said the night before about a place changing you .
does nt compare to the mog , but no place for a white woman on her own .
he stared into the martini glass , not knowing why he had bothered to come in the first place .
vines grew over the blackened shells and the trees crowded in , the forest starting to claim back its place in the sun .
he was one from the old generation , always harping on about a womans place and a womans worthlessness .
hard to believe he occupied so much space in her head , considering that she had nt wanted to let him into her life in the first place .
those thoughts had no place in the same space as alexander avery .
her emotions were all over the place and she felt completely out of control .
clothes have no place in what s about to go down , she mumbled softly to herself , lighting the almond and vanilla candle on the vanity and shutting off the light .
however literal he would claim it is , its still the place of his remembrance , reshaped by his memory and experience .
this is your place , zach .
zach and becca were quite content with each other , the long slow arc of their night , and with their unique place in this mayhemincluded in the whole but largely free of its demands , privileged to watch and laugh and judge benevolently and be together in their own half - hidden world of love set off to the side of the rest of the world rushing past .
but it was nt my place to question .
i ca n't wait to hear more about the land of mysterious places . ''
the show report is nt the place to express your opinion , said sophie .
listening to the lyrics brought me into a place of being aware of gods voice .
chapter six going forward present the weeks pass by and everything is slowly falling into place .
everything clicked into place now .
and then the other woman , i think she was death , said that there was still a place in judgment .
well , a baby being born will force a rip in the veil , because this is a place between life and death .
but penelope had come , and at least she did nt look out of place ; loads of people wore sunglasses in spain .
it was comforting to have part of our random family back in place .
i felt like a stranger in my own home ; there were strange voices coming from out back and everything seemed out of place .
thanks to your research with dr . watkins we can now provoke the conversion which no longer seems to take place naturally , and claire can become what she was born to be .
my thoughts slunk back to a frightening place .
the smile on my mamas face was like he had nt seen in years , not that he d spent much time lookin at it in the first place .
i know you ve always felt a little out of place wherever you were , but here , you do nt ever have to feel that again .
lauren had never met anyone who managed to be as consistently kind and happy as phyllis , nor anyone who seemed perfectly content with her place in life .
nothing she did seemed to please him , and she wondered why he married her in the first place .
my faith has found a resting place not in device nor creed .
but i know god wants me to find a place here .
kelly looked around and felt out of place in such a fancy restaurant .
mabry had left her feeling insecure and unsure of her place in his world , and it was nt a good feeling .
this is your place , gerrum .
i m sure your little boyfriend will be more than eager to find you a place in his bed .
dedication for my family , past and present , and for johnnie baitsell , octavius waltman , dr . jacob krout , samuel mcfall and so many others who now belong to the ages , but who will forever have a place in my heart .
you start to feel like the place you are in is your only reality and everything beyond is a total void .
had this memory at all happened on the riverboat traveling down the river tarhan taken place at all ?
perhaps mesmerized and hypnotized , it had taken place in the presence of another me , who was not a part of me and not familiar to me .
the instigating element of the persuasion who chose laissez faire believed that even with vigilance and efforts at prevention , the inevitability of what was supposed to happengood or badwould take place with absolute certainty , like the routine and cyclical upper to lower hands , spinning like clockwork .
for the purpose of this documentation , i should concentrate not on our clearly distinguished named minority , even though my historiography is from the point of view of neither , in its most naked and grotesque depiction of all things that have taken place before my eyes ... and in the discovery of the whereabouts of my own soul ... in relation to my approved clearance to describe the aforementioned for the peoples of our collective audacity .
what i know , and what they explain to me , is that earth is place where there is allowed no arrival , but only exit .
but when it became clear that the exhilaration they felt for each other was from a deep , not shallow , place , paolo shared more and more of his real life with sally .
everything was changing and she felt that if she did n't get back before it was all entirely different , she would have lost her place in it .
a part of her wondered if this was how he would react when he saw his llama after eleven years : a cold , controlled anger taking place in his person and the cheerful man falling into oblivion .
there was a lot of ' education ' taking place in their senior year in high school and in their freshman year in college .
actually it was , but it felt like a twilight zone moment where he was dragged in to another place , another dimension , another time , but this place he had been dragged into he had to admit , looked much better than the one he had left .
then again , perhaps my mind is a strange place .
my mental state was all over the place .
despite his lower status now , he still considered himself one of the elite and if things continued to move forward , he would destroy those who were keeping him from his rightful place .
he already knew it was roger who made miles question things in the first place .
i am reminded of why i left the city in the first place .
the outrage he heard in her voice seemed out of place .
i have no place there .
my place at columbia was hard - won .
she seemed so out of place , susan wanted to imagine she was no inmate , but someones guardian angel , waiting for her cue .
she and elizabeth would be locked up again , and so would joe , in a place she had the feeling would be far worse than anything shed endured so far .
those he knew looked strangely out of place without their taller counterparts around them .
her mum constantly reminded her of her place in life and working in the kitchen gave her brothers plenty to eat with the leftover scraps and the potential for labor on the farm .
dressed in a pin - stripe suit of dark grey as if he were the ceo of a sleek law firm and not a small , insignificant advertising company , he looked impressive but out of place in the cluttered room with its many memorabilia and colorful , old furniture .
i sat on the bed with them , feeling out of place .
someone has a romantic other i closed my eyelids for a second , trying to remember why i had come to north carolina in the first place .
it was not my place to ask .
i realize it 's not my place .
think of it as the way for you to earn your place in heaven , here in the fringe .
it is not my place to tell you such things , adela .
he d never been invited , and he wondered what that said about his place in heaven , but he reminded himself that he d only been around five years , while the pretty witch next to him had over three hundred years under her belt .
if liam were that type of guy , he probably would have felt out of place in his black leather .
everything had a place .
i would have to agree , adela , but it is not my place to do so .
she had nt give much thought to livingher job was simply to deliver souls to their place in heaven .
however , he reminded himself , even though she had been around for over three hundred years delivering souls to their resting place , for all intents and purposes , she was a twenty - year - old virgin .
its not our place to question then whose place is it ?
its not our place to question then whose place is it ?
its not my place to say , i m sure .
too many governmental restrictions had been in place in the united states and had held him back from his true interest , his obsession : reproductive cloning .
ed offered her his place in the game , but she had to refuse .
it was always so out of place on the wooded lot .
his look of concern fed a hollow place deep in her gut .
he even made her forget why she was so upset with him in the first place .
i m thinkin you know where your rightful place is .
in fact , he d never understood why he d gone into a relationship with her in the first place .
this was her place , a place where she belonged .
secondly , i understand your family looked very out of place in the shelter , somewhat like a lost island in a sea of people .
then came the day the pa actually did retire and left the plant , recommending strongly that calvin take over as pa . everything had finally fallen into place after a lot of hard work : good job , bright future climbing the corporate ladder maybe to division headquarters , beautiful wife carrying their first child , and their own home ; it might be sort of a starter house , but it was theirs to do with as they pleased .
as things fell into place , he suggested they do an extended lunch so he could recap the plans , and brief the players on what they were to do .
there was something else she had learned , or rather , sensed , about ryan ; from her first days at windmere , laura believed these people held ryan in some special place in their lives , seeming at times to be as protective of him as they would a child .
i just need you to understand that i will never take your place in your mothers eyes , any more than your sister has , or anyone else can .
this whole thing has been like its orchestrated or something ; things seem to fall into place .
things just seemed to fall into place , and ryan adding the white house was totally unexpected .
you re right about the house holding a special place for me , but you re in that special place now .
you re right about the house holding a special place for me , but you re in that special place now .
there it stood , a dollhouse sized version of the white house , the place they had only seen from the road , but which in only a few more days they could enter .
dennis and franz had never given it up for lost , maintaining it as needed to keep everything functioning , sure in their hearts that one day it would regain its place in ryans life .
laura asked in laughing tones , knowing he was putting them at their ease in a place that was new and possibly strange to them .
everything clicked into place in her mind .
if jesses such a great guy , why would he hang out with guys like them in the first place ?
i should ve never let julie take me to that party in the first place .
back at the house , i did nt notice anything out of place , and my parents were nt home from their date yet .
even though he looked only seventeen or eighteen , devon seemed vastly older and out of place amongst them .
the warm aura of the room seemed out of place with her dark mood .
as the last pieces of the puzzle slid into place , cassie 's breath locked in her chest .
ayla was still restoring peace , and everyone held their place , keeping her protected .
and all the sudden , i have no idea why logan made me uneasy in the first place .
i settle in a chair that gives me a view of the outside , a place i hope ill see before this day is over .
i start to drift back to the place of my imaginings , where i am happy , at peace .
` ` i do n't know , i suppose , but she was n't a big fan of me going back to school in the first place . ''
so when abbys thoughts steered , shed direct them to a place where she still had some control .
i m really sorry mam , but the system is in place to protect the children .
` ` a place for everything and everything in the right place ! ''
sounds like things are falling into place , does nt it ?
you just do n't know how long i ' ve been praying for my own place .
it was a place of memory , of meditation , he perceived it .
maddie felt she was watching herself from another place .
oh , taylor , its not my place to tell her , she says , tilting her head and giving me a sympathetic look .
somehow the name bob seemed out of place , call me crazy .
if porn took place in high school .
i never figured out why he thought it was his in the first place , joyce commented .
i did nt think it was my place to tell her .
everything had its place and we knew ours .
we were trapped in a future that had no place for us .
it had little place for anyone , for that matter .
you d have expected stick men chasing after bison and deer with bows and arrows , but instead it displayed vikings in horned helmets , a black hole , a volcano , the death of the world , the reichians as kings , the spartans as the underworlders , and , once upon a time , a place of peace and harmony , a long time ago , or was it a long time ahead of us ?
we had indeed found heaven , and heaven had found a place for us .
he is serious about two thingshis responsibility to the family and his future marriage to the wealthy , well - connected widow who will secure his place in the territorys destiny .
there is no place in his world for the carefree attitude he carried years before when a tragic event destroyed his dreams .
she really did look out of place , like she did n't belong with me and the other losers lining up for remedial classes at this joke of a school .
if he knew about maya mingling with the city dwellers , arriana , kronan , and anaya , would lose their place on the council , and it wo nt matter that the sisters are two of the last pures .
she made you sign the pledge i whispered , as the pieces finally started to fall into place in my head .
it makes me feel out of place ; surely i m far too young and too minimally educated to land this job .
carrie knew that ro used to live in the hood and the pieces of the puzzle began to fall into place .
ro smiled nervously , feeling very out of place .
its not really my place to tell you about it , butif you want to know more about it - ask her about dr . cole .
but the strangest and most out of place thing that was there had to be the poster of vincent sangre that was on carries wall !
i giggled to myself , but i was enveloped in the safest place in the world .
it was not my place ; my desire to impress ryan ruined my attitude toward the notion of objectivity .
a place away from the bustle of my job in arizona .
here i felt out of place , a black woman in the mix of diversity , but still somewhat confused .
she was an ocd person , not a thing out of place .
his name became her chant , cried out over and over as her pleasure took her to a place of joy shed never before known .
it was stimulating , arousing , and very near driving her to forget why she wanted to have her powers removed in the first place .
you set him up , ian concluded sounding like he was caught in some bizarre place that straddled a line between impressed and horrified .
i just started writing the way everything happened , and it all kind of fell into place .
it was as if he just slipped into a place that made it seem as if he had always been there .
an ugly room , out of place in an opulent mansion .
but when mac found me , and he explained , it all just fell into place .
it was working and everything was finally falling into place .
but the magical summer ended and my real life was not a place that i could share with her .
i was pushing jade away because the pieces had n't fallen into place yet and i did n't want her to have to suffer through my poverty .
he needed to commit to love for everything else to fall into place .
her emotions were scattered all over the place , and she did n't know what to think or how to feel now .
there was a place for everything and everything was in its place .
caroline did n't know her place on his agenda .
i never knew her personally , and i ' m not sure why , but she holds a special place in my heart . ''
maybe that 's why rachel held a special place in his heart .
maybe once she returned to chicago surrounded by familiarity , things would fall back into place .
it was nt really her place to say anything about this .
but as the bullet pierced the flesh of his back - he could nt help but wonder why the hell he was protecting a human female in the first place .
dante briefly wondered why so many had stayed behind in the first place .
you could earn your proper place in heaven .
my last two hours of slumber take place after dawn , at a bus stop where there s a bench i can dominate .
bulls place was on me .
there s a special place in hell for parents that force their kids to be adults before their time .
did nt know why her menses were so painful in the first place ; only knew she could very well spend the rest of her life in a stupor from the drug .
george had left his world once , been thrust into a place so foreign that nothing was familiar .
i realized , and i have come to accept my place .
and thirdly , there is no place for you .
not anger , hurt , confusion despite it all , she was still beginning to feel that being in his arms was the only place in the world she was supposed to be .
she looked at her dress , her bosom , as though she thought it was something about her costume that was out of place .
oh , miss , its not my place .
she nodded , expecting that he would say it was hardly his place to give any more details .
as my fingertips glide over a smooth rock , i finally come to realize that in watching her grow and checking on her from the moment of our first encounter , i was actually allowing the foundation connecting our futures to slowly slide into place .
mia was the one who opened up my world in the first place .
everything seems to be falling into place , despite my not knowing who he is or what is happening .
you found my place in the universe . ''
she 's already taken my place in your heart , as she should i suppose . ''
he was happy everything was falling into place again .
with this death , he knew there was no longer a place for him in spain .
maybe this is nt my place to say but you know how frank i amlorenzo may not be the man for you .
this new place she inhabited was a completely off kilter place .
this new place she inhabited was a completely off kilter place .
two weeks had passed after the acapulco fiasco and valeria had n't been able to shake the distinct feeling that something inside of her was out of place and it was nt just the tangled web she had gotten herself into .
i do nt know why anyone would have taken me in the first place and stuck me in that ... whatever it was .
okay but do this for me , picture yourself at a place in your life where you do nt have to work so much , and your choices are so much more wide open than reading , what would you like to do ?
i m sure there are lots of reasons you re going to heaven , but i m sure all of this would have earned you a place there on its own .
i do nt really feel like i ve found my place .
this was a place of the opera ; a place where i felt at home .
he was extremely ambitious , she knew that it was one of the things that attracted her to him in the first place .
but clearly very different standards are in place amongst mortals like you .
which was the sole reason i got involved in promoting them in the first place .
she knew he looked forward to sharing with her all his special places , foods , dances and landscapes but those conversations took place in a different era .
we made a lot of friends there and gwangju , the city we lived in , will always hold a special place in our hearts .
its not my place to tell you these things .
another piece of the tyler puzzle gets fitted into place ; he is suffering from survivors guilt and it is torturing him .
i pushed my hand through a looking glass and found myself in a very scary place .
a month or so ago we noticed some large transfers from their accounts and we ve been trying to find the final resting place of the money since then .
while he was gone i gazed around the parking lot , trying to see if there was anything out of place or someone staring at me .
it looked a little out of place with the glowing signs promoting tattoos and piercings .
but i d come to my senses and found my way back through the vortex , to the place where i belonged .
she was nt happy about these occassions anymore but it took place in her mentally then again what that man did to her and that she almost killed him .
this means somethings wrong , somethings out of place , someone is in trouble .
before he said goodbye , however , wait , heres a bedouin student now , and he paused while considerable discussion took place in arabic .
with a flash of light , jeremiel pulled her into that place which existed between .
with a flash of light , jeremiel flared his wings and carried them both into that place between .
her skin and eyes looked teenage - fresh and the short - cropped hairstyle would nt have been out of place on a schoolgirl but he d thought the slightly cynical world - worn attitude that she displayed suggested someone who d lived more than a little .
i was never good with telling people how i felt , which was why i liked song writing in the first place .
you wonder why you lost her in the first place .
sometimes i had absolutely no imagination and others , well , lets just say my mind was a scary place .
he needed to see her , needed to remind himself of why he 'd chosen her in the first place .
in the world i live in , there is no place for whores !
part of me was happy to give him a place there .
what brent did to youit has no place here .
i will find your limits and push past them to a place of total surrender .
my place was always here , with the band , with my brother .
he was a little out of place amongst the other men gathered .
there s a part of me that hopes once i do remember everyone , all my other memories will click into place .
were supposed to bring you to one of the most clich places in chicago , wrigley field .
they re brave men who fought hard and long to gain a place in this world .
plans have been made to restore you to your rightful places in society .
there had been no further revelations since the previous april and even that , i was beginning to doubt had taken place anywhere , except in my head .
with an insight i felt more than articulated , i knew the change i felt take place the previous night , was bigger than what had transpired in the last 24 hours .
i found a subtle change taking place .
my place is with the people i ve known all my life .
eamonn - you know the more i listen to you the more i wonder whatever possessed me to want to get married in the first place !
a womans place is at home rearing her family and teaching them good catholic values !
well , what about the statement a womans place is in the home ?
its just that you are not in that place yet , are you ?
i thought about yannis vicious murder , the engineer who worked for project - em , and the familiar lump found its place in my throat again .
we only got her to agree to move laurel because jeff finally convinced her that if she did nt allow the conversion which she is so afraid of to take place , the suppression drugs will shut down her organsyes have them take her to the outer cabin before the full moon .
although it is said that they did not speak the truth as to the location , the demons tortured them and were said to have extracted the true hiding place of the sanctuary from their blood before impaling them and riding back to the sacred place .
that is not my place and not my job .
daughter , you should not have run from me , hidden when i wanted to offer you the world , a seat beside me , a place to rule and opportunity to be free from he who should have never been worshipped , followed , he who wasted his creation by giving them free will .
let him go , this is your last chance and i will ensure that you are released and have a place of honor in his army .
somehow , everything was falling into place and anna felt herself falling for thomas .
she would be lying to herself if she did nt admit that she feared thomas would go to that place inside his mind one day and never return .
by giving me the chance to finally find my place and my own happiness .
i paused a few steps past the threshold as i took the bizarre place in .
his brows furrowed , and a teasing smile slipped into place on his face .
the halloween experience here had been the reason i agreed to come in the first place .
my body relaxed and my mind flew free as the fantasy intensified ; transporting me from our public surroundings to a place of hot , sensual fantasy .
its what we used to enslave you in the first place .
i could have slapped myself in the head for forgetting them in the first place .
in that moment i again realized exactly why i left earth and hestia in the first place .
it had been a long day and my emotions were all over the place .
that s when i realized i had no idea how much time or what events had taken place while i was possessed .
loki is an honorable jinn and as such his allegiance to me would have secured them all a place in my cast .
which basically meant that they offered to bind earth in place with their own blood , flesh , and tears so that they could love a life forever and ever .
and full of self - important shit about our place in the world as doctors .
her firm place in history thrived five generations because jackie o. embodied a lady .
violence and jealousy have no place in your heart or your soul , father jim said .
sarah felt out of place in the break room .
in turn my love for them sadly drains down to the same trough , where its unmercifully carried away to that lachrymose land where all lost loves find there final resting place .
i had never been there before but after tonight it will always hold a special place in my heart .
she felt out of place in the company of so many energetic college students .
its another stage of life , just in a different place , but i do nt know where the other place is .
there s no such place here , but we are going to the afterlifes equivalent well , if you want to that is .
sweat glazed kiras palms as jeremys name slid off her tongue , thick and out of place in the bright er .
through trusting ourselves and beyond , were fully able to experience life in a place of knowing who we are and what we want , as well as accessing support .
standing in the hall , in a place of limbo , halfway to the kitchen , halfway to the living room , kira felt unanchored , torn between two tidesthe past and the future .
she was nt expecting this turn of events as she tried to figure out how to maneuver in the land of dating and her place in it .
she felt out of place , like the mom returning to bring the babysitter home only to discover shed thrown a party .
as the group drifted indoors , the bright light seemed out of place and disruptive to the serene and introspective mood that had descended upon them .
there s no place for sensitivity .
the civility was out of place , and even more than not knowing where all his demons were hiding that scared me .
now that she was the sola and in a transitional place in her life , she wondered whether changing other parts of her would be beneficial as well .
why would you put me with her in the first place ?
and softness had no place for what was to come .
but she knew that no such place existed , for her at least , and that peace was something she was unlikely to ever attain .
perhaps scott needed to be reminded of his place in the order of their kind .
how silly , though , to even think of mr . radcliff as someone who might fill her husbands place in her heart .
what what is this place ?
the room looked out of place compared to the rest of the house , which was full of warmth and invitation .
it seemed out of place , as if it did nt belong in the rest of their home .
you can not hold them any more than you may hold starlight , which flashes through your grasp and moves onward to places vastly beyond your reach .
he trod it especially under cover of his surname , which spoke so generously of him , and that strange mantle , speaking of such goodness and light , admitted him to places that more pointed and ugly names might have excluded him from .
ruby expanded to fill her own place within her mothers mercy .
she felt some pain but no sorrow , as these human emotions had no place within her .
as his heart turned towards the light it turned the bitterness of naomi out into the dust , to flail there and be still , with no further place to breed within him , no purchase either within him or within the victims that he might have grafted it to .
in due course the dean was approached , and jesse was offered a place in an accelerated degree programme with a half - scholarship .
she would have died for jesse immediately , and traded places with him in the underworld , but that was no longer for her to offer or to decide .
* * * * * * * ruby wept for time beyond telling , and her grief went out of her to places both sacred and profane .
the lycans ' one purpose for existence was to serve the angels ; if they no longer did that , they no longer had a place in the world .
she said she needed it to save you , but she would n't tel me why you were hurt in the first place . ''
i dismissed it at first , but as i watched the glittery blue bird , other elements fell into place in my head , and i could see it , the beginnings of a plan forming as i watched the bird dance away from me , only to come back and sprinkle its captured sunshine on me .
you will always have a place in my heart , but i could n't dwell on something that was n't god 's desire for me . ''
it 's not my place to intercede and i would n't regardless .
she 'd lived her entire life struggling to find a place for herself on the outside looking in at the ` ` normal '' people , but it had taken only a couple days to get irrevocably used to fitting in somewhere .
but it 's not my place to make that decision .
it was not his place to intercede once the creator decided it was time for someone to die , and his punishment for doing so had been long and agonizing .
' they will never be out of place in my life .
none of the oxygen of gossip , which would be so relished and yet so out of place at almkvist 's .
as they strolled through the streets of gothenburg , anders felt that everything was falling into place .
' but your own place with the musicians ? '
this kind of thing had no place in a library .
was n't that amazing - he had been to the very same greek island , was n't the world a very small place ?
not because i ' m unsure of my story , but because i ' m not sure why i feel compelled to tell it in the first place .
it had happened twice - just twice - but once was enough.a couple of little details clicked into place .
it may have been relevant in the times of his fathers , but it had no place now .
it was a place in the ring which he had never been , but which he had always heard was a mystical , powerful place .
until you reach that place , you will never fully understand .
' but after a time , ye find ye 're in a different place than ye were .
beaufort was , and always will be , on the smallish side , but when i was growing up , it barely warranted a place on the map .
` ` do n't wait around for the ' right time ' when everything falls into place and feels perfect . ''
to him they would always be his first children and have a place accordingly in his heart .
she also wanted a place within the ranks of the kelly family .
revenge had no place in his priorities right now .
there was no place for me in that . ''
` ` i would have made a place for you .
it cemented the idea in place that mrs . jackson was as fond of me as i was of her .
yet , i also see joy in the children who have nothing , and never question their place in this world .
when pop called him to save mia casa , the missing puzzle piece clicked into place .
` ` i ' m here to make sure you know your place in all this , '' kace said .
` ` i always imagined college to be a place where people wanted to learn .
that was the true meaning of the k-3 anomaly : having the correct graph from the start proved not that the theorem was accurate , but that there 's a place in the brain for knowing what can not be remembered .
she 'd forgo the gourmet ice cream in favor of the pie ; later she 'd drown her blues in a 1990s meg ryan movie , where love seemed to work out right and everything fell neatly into place just before the end scrolled onto the screen .
a widow with four children had found a place in all their hearts .
with her , at last , he had found his place in the world .
of all the women he 'd known in his life , she alone had given him a safe harbor , a place that felt like home .
she closed her eyes and sank back into the cool , blue water , back to the place where it was calm and warm and she was unafraid .
liam wanted to lie to her , but it was lies that had brought them to this sorry , painful place in their lives .
kayla had loved him , and in loving him so deeply , she 'd seen the empty place in his heart .
it was her temple , the true house of her god , and it never failed to remind her of her place .
leah loved each one , but scotty , the just - turned three - year - old , held a special place in her heart .
i ' m sure once timmy meets him everything will fall neatly into place . ''
shirley had the luxury of having everything falling neatly into place with her prayer assignment .
he held a special place in her heart , but leah realized now that she 'd cheated andrew and herself out of the pleasure this child could bring into their lives .
the majority of the employees of wilshire grove were extraordinarily good people , but joy held a special place in catherine 's heart .
` ` just when it looked as if everything were about to fall into place the way it should ... '' ` ` just a minute . ''
` ` i ' m offering you a place in my life and in my home .
god willing , everything would fall into place ... . ` ` i do n't want to discuss it again until after christmas , though , '' rosalie insisted .
she hoped her mother had saved her a place .
with jeans that hugged his hips and a too - tight white t - shirt , he looked rugged and completely out of place in the formal office setting .
hell , i was grateful she 'd hired me in the first place .
` ` i 'll consider my place if the sites i have listed do n't pan out .
royce called me sweetheart , as if i actually held a special place in his heart , so it meant something when he did it .
if there was one thing he 'd learned in the dating world , it was that women loved surprises , and if it helped him alleviate the guilt he felt from checking up on her in the first place , all the better .
it 's not my place to say anything .
when things get tough , remind yourself why you fell in love with her in the first place .
it was in that instant , while staring at his friend , that he felt the pieces suddenly fall into place : the untraceable e - mails ... alvin 's brief infatuation with rachel and his offer to let her visit ... the fact that alvin had made a point of bringing her up in conversation , which meant he was still thinking about her ... rachel 's recent unexplained absence coupled with alvin 's need to hang up the phone because he had company .
his nightmare always took place in a hospital , but for him it was never just a dream .
` ` such language has no place in a lady 's presence . ''
back inside , he did n't break his stride as he glanced briefly at the orchestra - nothing out of place there .
i would n't be the least bit surprised if this is what drew mr . neville to you in the first place .
reaching for her glass , she took a sip of water before saying , ` ` if you 'll please forgive me , i ' m sure it 's not my place to discuss such things . ''
she 'd talked herself into a looser place .
could n't have prepared himself for- suddenly something fell into place and kia realized that phillip had known lynette was going to be here tonight .
` ` sorry if i said something out of place . ''
by the time she 'd arrived home she had been fine , so whatever triggered the tears seemed to have settled and found its place inside her .
the roller coaster of their relationship was making everyone queasy , and taking a break was helping to settle everyone into a comfortable place where they could just proceed .
she could n't say no - between dylan 's lapping at her cl*t and fingers thrusting in and out , the pain took her mind to a new place , and soon she gasped , unable quite to breathe enough , her h*ps out of control .
instead , josie 's calm , steady presence gave her the room to let reality fill in the cracks of her heart and to come to her own ready place for processing it all .
` ` you 're the one who primed her not to trust us in the first place . ''
josie was so out of place there , like a toothpick in a sea of teletubbies .
could she find a place for their other secret ?
you know it 's there but it blends in with the rest of the world and takes its rightful place as something you do n't need to attend to .
you see , she never actually realized she needed forgiving in the first place . ''
he asked , reminding her why she 'd come here in the first place .
everything about her propelled him toward a place he 'd never been before , never even knew existed .
if she did her place in dylan 's life would be secure .
her place in dylan 's life was secure now .
she had n't been kissed like that for five months and her hormones were all over the place with the pregnancy .
it looked out of place in the middle of nowhere and trinity wondered how he had found it .
she did n't know if the room was supposed to seem intimidating or not but it certainly made her feel out of place .
he was going to teach her that her place was in his bed .
she figured she 'd never really stopped loving him in the first place and being around him again was like a knife through her heart .
she always felt so out of place in these situations .
` ` it 's not my place to interfere .
yes , it affected certain ways i did things , but everything had its place and i was n't unhappy .
i 'd been worried about my place in his life , and without a big show or unnecessary words , he 'd given me his bracelet as i 'd slept .
will leaned forward , reminding me , ` ` the promise of not being a third wheel with you was the only reason i let you talk me into this in the first place . ''
i 'd thought i had him figured , but my thoughts , too , seemed to be all over the place , a growing problem when we were together .
good girl , knows it 's not her place to react until i show her that i want her to .
i feel a little remorseful myself but i know that i ' m not quite in the mental place where i have to be if i want to push her around a little .
i mean i can tell that she 's trying to get a rouse out of me , and part of me thinks that alone warrants a quick and painful reminder that it 's not her place to attempt that - as we do n't play things this way .
i know enough about basic hygiene - and way too much about the serious implications of not keeping it up - to know that my mouth has no place anywhere mandy 's glove covered fingers went today , but it 's still hard not to touch bella wherever i want to .
things might have been sketchy between us over the last months , sure , but i do n't think it 's my place to lay blame with either of them .
it 's not my place , this is your problem , and you know that i see her like a surrogate daughter most of the time .
i ' m all for it , obviously , but do n't want to break role even for a moment - she made me her bitch tonight , and it 's not my place to consent to anything she orders .
living together might not be easy , but by now we ' ve managed to find our places in our very own little ecosystem , falling back into old patterns or establishing new ones .
hard , i think , to live up to the standards she set for herself in her attempt to find her place in the world , only to realize she wanted the exact opposite of them .
` ` yeah , it 's always convenient when in hindsight things just miraculously fall into place , and you can forget the months of whining in between . ''
somehow that looks out of place on her , as though she does n't fit the slutty clothes .
but another part of me thinks it 's not my place to do that , especially since i do n't know if he needs it .
telling me how sorry she was for killing our baby ... a baby i 'd never wanted in the first place .
she straightened her shoulders and i could see the mask of indifference take its place on her face .
it feels incredible , but my nerves are all over the place .
they all know their place on her body .
i know i have a lot to make up for , but will you really give me a chance to get to know you and have a place in your life ? ''
no one could ever take your place in my heart . ''
` ` there 's a place for you , too . ''
he could n't help remembering when he 'd walked through this building with his head held high ; a man certain of his place in the world .
jeff had n't asked me to officially move in , or made any comment about the mysterious influx of my things into his house , but my stuff seemed to suddenly have their own specific place in the house , and i found myself putting them there .
he felt his phone buzz again , and almost lost his place in the lyrics .
which just goes to show you , life is a strange place , a mirror - maze of twists and turns , an incomprehensible adventure in which heartbreak leads to love , in which mistakes lead to perfection , in which tears dry away and reveal the beauty beneath .
he 'd been hoping his son would have stayed there longer with her in the first place .
she felt completely at home and each hand had a special place in her heart .
her little honda , which was a perfectly good car , seemed like it was completely out of place when surrounded by the other luxury vehicles .
she was irritated he seemed so capable of keeping his cool when her own emotions were all over the place .
she loved him , and making love with him , knowing he felt the same was taking her to a place beyond ecstasy .
he was easy to be around - which was why she fell for his charm in the first place .
he was carving a place for himself in her heart , and she could n't afford to let him do that .
benjamin had been proud of his son , not needing him to follow exactly in his footsteps , just wanting him to find his own place in the world .
my emotions are all over the place right now , and i do n't want to do anything i ' m going to regret later . ''
he loved all his grandchildren , and great - nieces and nephews equally , he told himself , but jasmine had a special place in his heart .
i do n't know why i started it in the first place , but now that he 'd continued it i had no idea where to go from there .
and if that 's what happened , it 's not my place to pry about it , either .
tucked away in a corner , behind a short stack of books , looking quite out of place .
of course i knew of the perfume , the citrusy smelling one with a hint of vanilla and something else , but i realized now that i knew it from two places .
the same years that had brought him to the place he was today : a man who could not possibly be someone good for someone like her .
julia felt strangely peaceful , as though her wild body had shaken so much that it was now buzzing , hovering in a mystical place between reality and dream .
it was , we thought , our place .
i do n't understand any of this , and i certainly do n't understand my place in it .
much like his beloved antiques , the small bar held a special place in seth 's heart .
with that realization , events fell into place .
i forgot to mention that you want to avoid getting a place in the tenderloin ( also on map ) .
the likelihood of my ever bearing children was slim to none , so my sister 's daughters hold an important place in my heart .
` ` you 're right - it 's not your place . ''
she 'd attended her ten - year reunion , but had felt awkward and out of place .
nothing seemed out of place there , either .
she could n't say precisely what was out of place or how she knew , but she did .
many changes had taken place since i 'd come to blossom street .
over the last three years , i ' ve taught dozens of classes , but that first one will always hold a special place in my heart .
i did n't understand why margaret wanted to visit this criminal in the first place .
` ` i ... i do n't feel it 's my place to say or do anything . ''
she might be young and vulnerable - looking , but she had a self - confidence that would n't have been out of place in someone much older .
a number of her wishes had come to pass , and some , like the paris trip , had taken place in unexpected ways .
the room had become a catch - all , a storage area for anything that did n't have a f irm place in our lives .
which meant tim was n't part of this scenario and had no place in ellen 's life .
all this had taken place since seeing her brother .
then , all these months later , she 'd met tim , and now everything was falling into place .
` ` he 's been wonderful with ellen and he 's respectful of my place in her life . ''
anne marie did n't believe it was her place to inform the child that she was tim 's biological daughter .
everything had fallen into place exactly as it should .
could the woman she 'd become find a place for him in the very different life she 'd created ?
she 'd feel terribly out of place .
he felt out of place and miserable in the home he 'd once shared with his family .
she 'd touch all the things she loved the most , the objects and pictures and mementos that made this house her home , the one place on earth where she truly belonged and that belonged to her .
i lived in a modern world where legends had no place except in the history books .
her earlier sensation of rightness , that she 'd found her place in the world , was gone with the discovery of those paintings .
there was no place for shit like that in this job .
she did n't have any desire to see either of them ever again , but in her own way , she forgave them as she swam in this place that was like another world .
neither he nor anyone else could tell from her actions that anything was out of place .
they knew their place in the scheme of things .
everything fell neatly into place , and problems all had solutions .
once the date was set , the details all seemed to fall into place .
nor did he know what had torn the two of them apart in the first place .
` ` i want my husband to be a man who honors my place in his life .
charlotte seemed almost childlike in her reaction to the changes taking place around her .
jon stepped into the house and stood there for a moment , looking awkward and out of place .
everything in its place and a place for everything . ''
` ` one would assume that all animals would hold a place in a horseman 's heart .
he 'd be fine for a while , and then he 'd drift into this ... dark place . ''
she did n't feel it was her place to interfere between a man and his wife .
more and more , she felt that her place was with her husband .
rachel had taken stephanie 's place in her life .
the drive took place in almost total silence .
their little brother held a special place in christie 's heart .
she feared being excluded or losing her place in bruce 's life .
she talked about you and me and her place in this family . ''
she wanted to warn shirley but did n't feel it was her place to speak to the other woman .
they 'd already established lives , with no firm place for her .
for a moment the garden , the noise , the stench of blood and demon , vanished away , and he was alone in a soundless place with only tessa .
the door flew open , and gideon stood on the threshold of his bedroom , blinking as if he had been in a dark place and had just come out into the light .
do it , and i will see to it that , though lightwood house may be confiscated , you retain your honor and your name , your lands in idris , and your place as shadowhunters . ''
that gray girl is a changeling or a warlock and has no place in an institute , ridiculous engagement be damned .
she was not looking at him now but seeing the firelight against the walls of the cave , and hearing his voice in her ear , and it had all seemed like a dream at the time , moments drawn out of real life , as if they were taking place in some other world .
if you consider it impossible , then perhaps you should ask yourself why you want the job so badly in the first place . ''
i can not bear that place ! ''
i shall find a place- '' ` ` your place is with me , '' jem said .
i went to magnus and demanded that he help me find the demon who had cursed me in the first place , that the curse might be lifted .
with her last few words , gavin 's emotions soared to a place he had n't dared to revisit in a while .
he exerted the same mastery that had attracted her to him in the first place .
whether she takes me back or not , i want her to have that safe place - a place of her own .
if lauren makes us happy and you and i are at peace with it , then everything else will fall into place . ''
memories of the previous christmas when she 'd been so unsure of her place in the world , and in this family came to mind .
it did heart - stopping things to lauren to fully comprehend that she had a place in this wonderful family .
her pet project was margie 's place .
that she 'd found a place here in their midst still boggled her mind .
she had a place in the world .
it reminds me that i have a place in this world .
he patted the spot beside him and she quickly moved forward , eager and yet afraid all at the same time to find her place in this family max had married into .
but she was n't the one destined to occupy a place in his heart .
a shiver goes through me ; the word looks so out of place on the list , tucked as it is between ordinary cities like spokane and portland .
we are speaking of serious matters of the heart here , and it 's hardly my place , but we teachers know that timing is n't always perfect with kids .
i want to jump in with some stellar bit of advice that changes their lives and draws them together , but i know it 's not my place .
` ` once upon a time , in a faraway land , there was a magical kingdom where just about everything was perfect ... '' the words take us to a place where plates and candelabras can be a boy 's best friend and a beast can become a prince .
in an instant , this stormy landscape changes into a place of magical , impossible light .
at that , another piece clicks into place .
then i guess your joy has a place here , does n't she ? ''
` ` emotion has no place in business and yet i find myself making emotional decisions . ''
` ` but do n't you feel a woman 's place is at home with the children ?
` ` i do n't see that it 's any of your concern whether i want children or not and as for where my place is , it 's wherever i ' m the happiest , '' celia said .
` ` my place , '' creed said .
which was as bizarre as my seeing him in the first place .
` ` i never wanted to come here in the first place . ''
barbara did n't feel it was her place to inform the other woman that vaughn was out with someone else .
i climaxed with a startled gasp as he reached a place meant only for him .
i heard the whisper of a voice i could n't understand , caught a glimpse of ... something i could n't quite place .
relief , anger , wariness , fear , and something else i could n't quite place before he turned away , tossing the instruments into the sink and dousing them again with alcohol .
sentiment had no place in his life ; he could n't allow anyone or anything to matter , to get inside his emotional and mental shields .
` ` you 're here , '' a woman 's voice said , and abruptly drea was there , in an actual place , though she had no idea where that place was .
until now , she had been in a limbo of sorts , lingering there while she thought things over , but now she had decided : she would stay here , and try to earn herself a place in that other world .
there was no place in his life for a woman , at least not on a permanent basis , and if she ever did find a time and space for a relationship again , if she lived through what she 'd decided to do , she would n't settle for anything less than permanency .
she honestly had no idea if she would be of any use to the fbi , or they to her , but they were the logical place to start .
and then something else clicked into place .
his boss , mr . lark , had been clear that securing the weapons would earn owen a place of power in the newly restructured organization .
he believed that everyone should earn their place in the world and owen 's was by mr . lark 's side , helping him steer the swarm to fulfill its true potential .
family had no place in his world .
the two had no place together .
there was no place in his life for softness right now , but despite his best efforts , he failed to feel anything else .
` ` anything unusual or out of place ? ''
he loved her , wanted to soothe her , but it was his love that had made her need comfort in the first place .
they 'd both earned their place in line .
at some point , i ' ve even lost sight of the objective that made me say yes to working for lucas in the first place .
she looked incredibly out of place in the bar .
her place by the sea .
the enormity of what she 'd just done settled into place .
they have a place in vermont .
jack had heard a sound , something out of place .
her whole life seemed to settle into place , a puzzle with all the pieces finally where they belonged .
it 's easy , in all that time , to forget why you fell in love in the first place . ''
and so , i am here , sitting at my kitchen table , entreating you to give me a chance , to make a place for me in your classrooms next fall .
she wanted to be cuddled against her father 's broad chest and reassured about her place in the world .
he wished that place was with him .
now erica knew what it was to finally find her place .
and then she noted something out of place in gavin 's perfect world .
` ` i ' m only here because heather told me you 're bradley 's father , and since she never got around to contacting you herself , i felt it was my place to let you know she 'd passed away , and that you have a child .
too intimate and not his place .
the longer she drifted as she did , the more the darkness crept in until she existed in that dark place .
the day i stop believing that is the day i die because i do n't want to live in a world where i believe that good has no place in it any longer . ''
rage and hatred had no place in his heart right now .
' look at m*a*s*h . the whole show takes place in korea , and the doctors are always flirting with korean girls , right ?
all you have to say to me is no or stop , but just like wearing the cuffs makes you feel bound , saying your safeword will put your mind in the right place .
i do not have rage , and if i ' m angry toward someone , they obviously did something to frustrate me in the first place .
` ` you 're going to get put back in that mental place if you do n't calm down . ''
i 'd checked with jess cullen , the captain , earlier today , and tate was supposed to be trying out for her place back on the cross - country team .
like , why the hell had i given him so much of my attention in the first place ?
hardening my eyes and narrowing my brow , i spoke up , ready to put her in her f**king place .
my head was all over the place now , and i 'd lost the calm from this morning .
maybe then she would stop feeling quite so obviously out of place at sword and cross .
she 'd known him for one day , and already , she could feel herself slipping into a very strange and unfamiliar place .
i wondered that myself , but it is hardly our place to be digging into another student 's business , would n't you agree ? ''
he sounded almost bashful - but luce slid one more piece of their puzzle into place .
sword and cross was a miserable place , but it was a place where things had happened to her .
she remembered sitting with him on the beach in mendocino when he talked of his place in heaven before her .
shelby looked guarded and afraid , out of place among the fallen angels .
join me and take your place among the ranks of hell . ''
but she had never expected tess to ask her to give up her place in heaven - to trade it for the fires of hell !
arriane also had a piece of duct tape over her mouth ; she 'd probably been the reason the others had been gagged in the first place .
angels and demons and '' -narrowed eyes fell on luce- '' those who do not know their place , all working together for an impure cause .
it 's a place where everything we imagine about time and space comes together materially . ''
maybe it had once been daniel , but his place in heaven was in jeopardy because he kept on choosing luce .
the tan shorts he wore and snug pale blue polo shirt looked so out of place on him .
just because i had slept with rush did n't change my place in the grand scheme of things .
the shiny black range rover that was parked beside my truck looked so out of place here .
she would n't need him , might not even have a place for him .
no one is my hot librarian , she thought now , losing her place in the fic she was reading .
she lost her place in the book and stopped reading for a moment .
she opened the book and tried to find their place .
he had never been with a woman who was so brazen , but that was what had attracted him to her in the first place .
meaningless sex was definitely something she 'd become adept at in her days of mindless coping and searching for answers she had no place searching for .
bethany had seen nothing of the way things would be with him and she was already so fragile , so damn unsure of herself and her place in the world , that jace was extremely reluctant to move things too fast .
he had to be willing to wait for as long as it took for her to fully come to terms with her place in his life .
there 'd been no place for dominance and kink in last night 's rediscovery of one another .
he was n't the least bit repentant for reminding the others of bethany 's place in his life .
she had no official place in declan 's life , but julie did .
she was still uneasy over julie 's place in his life , but she told herself she was just paranoid .
the fact that he took you to meet his son for the first time says a lot about your place in his life . ''
she wore her school - day uniform : striped rust and olive polyester blouse , brown corduroy bell - bottoms , and a wrinkled apron that read : a woman 's place is in the house ... and the senate .
she lived vicariously through her friend 's achievements , rode the wave of her popularity , but all of that had taken place in a world she knew , in a place where she felt safe .
several annoyances clicked into place and became clues : tender br**sts even though she was n't having her period ; trouble sleeping ; exhaustion .
when it gets good , though , is 1974 , when the coolest girl in the world moved into the house across the street ... chapter thirty - five from her place in the makeup chair , tully stared at herself .
it would look absurdly out of place in this austere room , as peculiar as marah at beverly hills high .
she 'd been an idiot to think she had a place here , that her presence would help .
she felt unwelcomed and out of place , even with tyler holding her hand , and as he prepared for his race , she wished she 'd just gone home .
rachel occupied a special place in all their hearts , and that extended to the teams as well .
` ` it 's not going to make a place on my future vacation hot spots , that 's for damn sure . ''
he seemed out of place among the butcher block counters and worn tile floor .
as strong a warrior as he was , he was not powerful enough with strands of magic to construct a shield that would protect his mind from this place , even for a brief time .
school officials were inexplicably afraid that we 'd throw snowballs packed with glass shards or razor blades , though i had no clue how they thought we 'd get a hold of that kind of stuff in the first place .
what had taken place outside in the alley had n't been a real fight .
serena spun outside of herself to a place where only feeling existed , sensation after sensation flooding her , swamping her , frightening her with its intensity .
my own permanent place in a major , world - famous art museum .
things suddenly clicked into place and the alarm bells that had been sounding in the back of his mind finally took center stage .
he mused that although he 'd been impressed with emerson 's monograph with oxford university press , the professor 's lecture smacked of a pseudo - intellectualism that truly had no place in a professional academic lecture .
the woman was beautiful , but she seemed rather out of place amongst all of the other professional academics .
canto thirty - two of dante 's paradiso describes the special place god has for children .
you wo n't lose your place in the program or your funding .
` ` i think this is disgusting , and i ' m sure there 's a special place in hell for you , miss gore , but you ' ve left me no other choice . ''
he was kind of surprised that bridget even cared if it was , but then again , he did n't really know why she agreed to do this in the first place .
` ` it is not my place , lady hawthorne , but i feel i should point out to you that lord westfield is a good man .
` ` we have an affinity , '' elizabeth said from the doorway , studying the two men who held such important places in her life - both of them so obviously restless .
it revealed the depth of maria 's attachment to the man that she gave him so important a place in her household .
driving himself to physical exhaustion would not cure the restlessness caused by his current predicament , and maria 's place in it .
you will always have a place of prominence in my life . ''
they had no place in his regimented and orderly life , just as corinne had no place there .
they had no place in his regimented and orderly life , just as corinne had no place there .
it was also not his place to speak on corinne 's behalf .
it was not his place to intrude in corinne 's life .
a woman 's place is n't in the home anymore .
* * * the internet is a wonderful place ; sometimes it 's also very scary .
it would take me through dinner without feeling like i was in costume and it would n't look out of place at the club .
it 's why i knew about jake in the first place , when she was his sub .
alexa was wiping down the kitchen counter , and i suddenly i felt out of place in my own home .
he was twenty - four , fresh out of business school , and felt just as out of place with the middle - aged accountants and their spouses as i did .
his gentle concern hung in the air around us feeling out of place , but sweet nonetheless .
by then she 'd be glad to lean on a strong shoulder , to take the place in life she 'd been born to occupy .
the dreamer who would see them as they were and recognize that they were not a figment of a nocturnal imagination , but real beings who lived in the twilight - the place where the human mind came in slumber .
because the gateway was hell , the place some dreamers saw when they were on the verge of death and believed was ruled by a red - skinned man with a forked tail and horned head .
connor hated that he could n't be the one to comfort her , but he knew his place in stacey 's life was tenuous at best .
when she winced , all the pieces fell into place .
` ` in any event , it is hardly our place to judge him , '' beatrice concluded in an attempt to smooth over her sister 's last statement .
once they were out , francis leaned back in his seat and waited for their full effect to take place .
once that is done , everything else falls naturally into place . ''
as a teen i 'd believed that everyone else was more important , that lake bluff held a place in his heart i never could , and with a childish resentment , i 'd sneered at both the town and the office , refusing to entertain the idea of ever living here or sitting behind the mayor 's desk .
something i could n't put my finger on since it had been there and then gone so fast i was left wondering if i 'd even witnessed it in the first place .
despite my belief that the big city was the place for me , it never had been and never could be .
the ojibwe told tales of the weendigo , a werewolf cannibal , and witchie wolves , invisible wolves that guarded the resting places of warriors .
i know it was not my place to intervene , but i could n't let something happen to you like what happened a year ago . ''
oh god , she would never have a place here .
it warmed her and made her feel that she had a place among these people .
somehow , someway , she 'd find her place in a new clan .
you will always hold a place in my heart and i 'll think of you often , in my dreams and in the waking . ''
a father has no place in such a conversation .
` ` it is not my place to render a judgment . ''
how had they come to this place , and how would they ever find their way back ?
blush crept into her cheeks when she bowed before him and took her place in the dance .
` ` it 's really not my place to say , '' he responded hoarsely .
` ` how am i to know what is and is not your place ?
i was so worried about myself , still allowing the past to dictate my choices for the future , telling myself i should n't be happy and that you could n't have a place in my already broken heart . ''
the way the gypsies danced transported emma and all those who watched to a place of mystery and enticement .
sebastian dismissed the thought , feeling suddenly uncomfortable that it was in his head in the first place .
whatever had taken place in the ball was now forgotten .
it seemed the only person who refused to believe the lie was the one who had created it in the first place .
i ' m surprised he wanted you in the first place , knowing your past . ''
not a blasted hair out of place .
if he knew anything about art , he 'd know a sculpture of hers was housed in a place of honor in the queen 's own collection .
` ` my place in the world is established .
a wife steadies a man , helps him find his place in the world .
there 's no permanent place for a woman in your life just now , old son .
` ` madam , i deemed you flighty and undependable and in grave need of public reprimand , which of course it is not my place to deliver . ''
` ` it 's not one 's place to say , '' cuthbert began and went on to say , nevertheless , ` ` but one suspects one 's mistress does not hold you in any but the highest of regard . ''
music spilled out the open windows - jazz - as out of place in this forest as i was .
everyone still stared at me as if i 'd invaded a sacred place .
last night i 'd felt the music out of place , but now the bluesy wail of the brass fit perfectly with the coolness of the night , the shade of the moon , the aura of expectation that hung over the forest .
i brushed it thoroughly and let it fall around my shoulders , hoping i would n't look horribly out of place in whatever insanely expensive restaurant he was taking me to .
i took a deep breath and tried to take myself back to the memories of the willow tree that had inspired my drawing in the first place .
` ` shit , '' i said aloud , as it all clicked into place .
now , finally , he 'd start to forget the only woman he 'd ever remembered in the first place .
her priorities are definitely in a different place .
pax smirks , almost as if he knows that , as if it sounds so out of place on my lips that it is funny .
she and her sister both look as out of place in this little hole as they can possibly get .
but it 's not my place to interfere .
he 's so big , but he manages to not look out of place in the midst of all the delicate furniture , easels and paint .
somehow , for some reason , pieces click into place in my mind and i suddenly know what these stupid dreams have been trying to tell me all along ... with the black and white caskets , the sunshine and shadows .
` ` you realize , of course , that you look really out of place in the kitchen ? ''
she 'll always have a place of honor in my eyes . ''
janelle had been a wonderful submissive but they had simply not worked out , they had both been on the fast tracks in their careers and busy with so many other things that they had lost a lot of what had attracted them to each other in the first place .
she had been there with her in that place and had shared those same experiences .
but there was no place for lovey - dovey this time around .
the men were traditional , andshe knew they wouldbelieve it was a man 's place to rule.it wasone thing for her to becaptain when they had thought her aman - andeven mayhap oncethey hadknown she wasa woman , so long as she was seeking the husband they neededto retire .
fancy breakables had no place on a ship that dipped and rolled on the high seas , and the beecham town house had been furnished , but with just the essentials such as furnishings and cooking pots .
right now , he just wanted an end to that hollow place in the middle of his chest .
jane watched him as he squeezed his eyes shut and seemed to travel off to some other place - a place of pain and emotion .
jane watched him as he squeezed his eyes shut and seemed to travel off to some other place - a place of pain and emotion .
` ` lillian , it 's not my place to question the lord 's plan .
disappointment and something like despair hollowed out a place in her middle .
and that was why the universe had sent her to this place .
then they had brought her here and left her alone so she could ponder the universe and her place in it .
the image of tulane with a child had seemed out of place this morning , but now it did n't seem out of place at all .
` ` i know it 's not my place to say , seeing as i ' m a new member of the family , but it seems to me that it 's open season on tulane whenever he comes back home .
` ` besides , '' she continued , ` ` golfing for god is a special place that should be preserved .
a hollow place opened in tulane 's chest as he cruised through town and continued heading south .
` ` look , caroline , i know it 's really not my place , but um ... well , you see , i know everyone says miriam randall never gets it wrong , but that prat is not the right man for you . ''
they 're weird and crazy and definitely country through and through , but i have this soft place in my heart for them .
his lips devoured , his tongue plundered , his arms captured her around her middle and pulled her up into his chest so that her bosom had no place else to go .
petal had a four - foot concrete statue of a fairy that she insisted was the resting place of aeval 's ghost .
granddad had very old - fashioned notions about things , and he wanted me to know my place .
it was a complete showdown , and rocky was caught right in the middle of it - exactly the place she always tried to avoid .
son , you 're holding on so hard to sharon that the empty place inside is about to swallow you whole .
only love can fill that empty place inside .
i happen not to believe that god is so mean - spirited that he would give you a soulmate , take her away , and then insist that you spend the rest of your life battling the empty place inside .
` ` it 's not my place to explain that .
i did n't think there was a place for a family like ours .
she could find that invincible place in her mind and fool herself .
why would i have given you the plan in the first place ? ''
after the service , tatiana would be buried in the church 's graveyard , taking her place beside other monarchs and important royals .
she turned her gaze to the audience and held up the seal , challenging any of them to come take it from her or deny her her rightful place on the council .
once ian had described whom he 'd seen , a dozen reasons for the murder clicked into place .
the world was n't the orderly , rational place jake liked to organize it into .
this kind of passion had no place in the life she 'd built for herself .
` ` we did n't take into account the level of importance the chinese place on personal relationships .
despite how out of place she felt in dominic 's world , she was no longer a tourist .
his rational voice sounded out of place in a room that was vibrating with emotion .
there was no place for defensiveness in a sincere apology .
she had known from the beginning that a woman like her had no place in his life , but she had let herself begin to believe that she was more than a convenient sex partner for him .
everything was clicking into place , just as he had planned .
do n't let him have any place in your head . ''
a place outside of time .
the king said , ` ` do not worry , child , a man 's first wife always holds a special place in his heart . ''
jeisa hedged , ` ` it 's not my place to say . ''
the triumph he 'd felt about finally gaining the interest of alethea felt out of place with jeisa .
in the quiet seclusion of their bunker , in this place outside of time , alethea felt closer to him than anyone else , and felt compelled to explain herself .
i really wanted to return to the place on the couch between jp and the duke and go back to watching the new james bond kill people in fascinating ways .
the only reason she 'd been subdued by his thugs in the first place was that three had rushed her all at once right after she was depleted and disoriented from screwing cain .
he felt the words drop into place in his mind , like the tumblers of a lock .
the men scuttled for the steps , as though the gallows was a place of sanctuary .
chapter 29 dawn of battle he woke suddenly from a place beyond dreams , tarleton 's excited face an inch from his own .
` ` it 's no my place to say , father .
he found himself losing his place , though , distracted by his memory of the greys going off together , shoulder - to - shoulder , to face what must be faced .
... and his place shall know him no more , the bible said .
there should be a special place in hell reserved for boyfriends who got another woman pregnant .
his expression was flirty and kind , even if his concern felt out of place .
it was fiona 's way of pointing out my place .
i hated how out of place i felt .
pushing her now would n't accomplish anything , and he had a lot to get in place before he could really pursue her .
what place could she hope to have in his life ?
but the throb of pleasure was lessening , and a dull ache resumed its normal place in her chest .
i wanted to watch you in your element , a place where the rules are completely yours and you are not bound by the strictures that suppress you in society .
but we still have that yearning for the safe place of our hearts , the center of the family , and christmas is the perfect expression of that ` ` are you going home for christmas ? ''
something about those sophisticated boxer shorts teemed a little out of place on a guy who did grunt work on a horse farm .
he tried another tactic , one more at place in the boardroom .
the world is manufactured just so , created in the likeness of something that never should ' ve existed in the first place . ''
i do n't know , i just do n't think construction is the place for me right now .
i shrug , deciding that this gesture , while easy to abuse , does have its place .
he did not need to be immersed in her family or be reminded of gentler feelings he had no place or time for .
for a little while , when he stared at a good piece , he was trans - ported to a place he could actually imagine and touch something real .
he craved a more permanent place in the empire he helped build , and the expansion of three more bakeries could be his crown jewels .
her entire life revolved around fighting for her place within the family among her gorgeous sisters and talented brother .
for so long , she 'd worked toward one goal : dazzle her family with her business skills , make them take notice , ultimately securing her own place in the company .
the old family tradition had no place in today 's society .
perhaps if i was papa , i would ' ve made you take your rightful place in this company and not put all the weight on julietta . ''
she held a special place in his heart , and he did n't want to tarnish that memory .
he should ' ve seemed as out of place as a guy from new york city could seem in an alaskan village .
strange , she thought to herself , it seemed out of place here .
catherine was gangly and thin , always the smallest in her class , and though garrett always held a special place in his heart for her , he never noticed that she was slowly becoming an attractive young woman .
knowing he could enter the house at any time , she left his bedroom , feeling a little guilty about poking around in the first place .
he set it on the bedstand opposite catherine 's picture , but despite his feelings for theresa , it seemed out of place in his bedroom .
no , the answer eventually came from a place she would never have predicted .
but then he said a few words to grant , so quietly that she could n't understand them , and it all clicked into place .
rubbing her eyes , she leaned back in the captain 's chair and wished she had roots somewhere , something that was hers , a place to call home .
none of those responses had any place in this relationship .
any emotional connection she might feel with him after the personal insights she 'd gained into his character at the chateau had no place in the bargain they 'd struck .
he wore last night 's clothing , but his black shirt and pants did n't look as out of place as her cocktail dress .
some sign that despite all the luxury into which jane had suddenly been thrust , she still held a place in her heart for him .
lindy had always held a special place in carol 's heart , and she smiled and hugged her close .
carol would probably come through the surgery with flying colors and everything would fall into place the way it should have long ago .
all the pieces to the bizarre and intricate puzzle slipped neatly into place .
sitting at his desk , brand had a vague uneasy feeling he could n't quite place .
i loved him - he 'll always hold a special place in my heart .
it 's not good to be too sad or for too long , but being sad has its place .
because she knew what it was like to grow up poor and insecure , she was just the woman to fill the empty place in his heart .
each one held a special place in her heart .
but it was not her place to judge .
ally remembered why she 'd zoned out on the discussion in the first place .
it 's not my place to judge you for something that happened forty years ago .
she does n't have a good place for him in her neat little life . ''
he would do well to remember his place in the scheme of things .
` ` thinking has its place . ''
` ` yeah , but i thought ... well , middlesex does n't seem like the place for ...
he let his glance rove the interior of the garage , hoping something - anything - would look obviously out of place .
he 'd never been sure what his place in life was supposed to be , but holding her seemed to be part of the puzzle .
just like before , he was swept away to a place he 'd never been , a place where a woman with lips like a tropical flower beckoned him deeper into ecstasy .
just like before , he was swept away to a place he 'd never been , a place where a woman with lips like a tropical flower beckoned him deeper into ecstasy .
` ` that 's not all that will take place in there , and you know it . ''
the door looked so professional and imposing that no one would guess what sort of gonzo activities took place behind it .
the only womanly place on her was her br**sts , and she despaired of them .
the people she loved , who loved her , had been swayed by her husband 's firm beliefs about a woman 's place .
her emotions were all over the place , and he did n't want to upset her further . ` `
' t is not your place to command these men , rionna .
` ` it 's not your place to question his dictates , '' he said with no heat .
but no longer would she have that place here .
could any armstrong ever find a place in the montgomery clan ?
your place is here with us and that wo n't change . ''
such roughness had no place against such delicateness .
your place in my clan is assured .
no one was going to give her a place in this clan .
she wants a place in our clan , and this is how she feels she must accomplish it , whether you or i agree with her methods or not . ''
she 'd been a trusting idiot , so eager to please , so determined to win a place in the hearts of her new clan when such a thing was never going to be possible .
letting go of what was safe and taking the first move in finding my place in the world .
the world had become a dark and frightening place , and for years she 'd been unsure of her place in it .
in the past three years , lexi had found a place where she belonged .
she had done the wrong thing once before , risked her friendship with mia and her place in this family .
i wake up in this place and the first thing i think of is you .
have you visit me in this place , have you see me through bars ?
and mik is en route to location three , and location three is the final location , the place where i am supposed to manifest my actual self and commence human interaction .
it all felt right to her , he felt right , and as she stood behind him , she knew she would allow herself to go to the place she was meant to be .
the bedroom , she always thought , was a place of shared secrets .
the rain had stopped now , but the drops remaining on the window seemed to bend the light in such a way as to make the world outside into something different , a place she could n't quite recognize .
he did n't even know if she wanted a place in his life .
even so , ellie 's own place in society was precarious at best .
what justin ' wished ' to do at this moment was place this determined but politely rebellious young lady across his knee and administer several hard slaps to her backside ; indeed , he could not remember another woman infuriating him as much as this one did - or who tempted him to kiss her as much as this one did either , and all without too much effort on her part , it seemed .
it would , as his grandmother had always intended it should , secure her place in society .
as such there was no place for her in his well - ordered life , other than the annoyance of being forced by circumstance into acting as her guardian .
it was too personal , too carnal , too - too wild , for her to ever contemplate such personal intimacy taking place with a man whom she merely liked .
it had been sheer bloody - mindedness on his part that he had done so in the first place ; being guardian to eleanor had already caused enough chaos in his life for one week - good god , had it really only been four days since his grandmother had made that ridiculous request of him ? -and , as such , justin had been unwilling to allow her to disrupt the rest of his plans for this evening .
there was no place between them for that barrier now .
his world had no place for doubt .
if he really were matt jones he 'd be sitting here , probably adopting dave 's crossed - arm blase attitude in an attempt to fit in , trying to secure his place in the rat race , in the ladder climbing , in the petty world of one ups - of cut downs - of these social signals that permeated business life and took on meanings of their own .
the amount of complaining that took place around the water cooler , literally , was a revelation .
decency had no place when it came to branding .
the sound followed her into a deep slumber , the peaceful rest of a woman who broke her life 's rules and found that they 'd never really applied in the first place .
he had gone to a place inside himself with her , enraptured by her , and had forgotten who he was , and what he was doing .
a thousand tiny details slipped into place : dinners he 'd missed , trips he 'd taken to exotic locations , the new silk boxer shorts he 'd started wearing , the switch in colognes from polo to calvin klein after all these years , the love they made so rarely ... how had she been so blind ?
the death , the life , and all the years of distance and disappointment that had led them to this pitiful place in their lives .
like a broken bone that was badly reset , the wound would always be a place of weakness within her .
after a few years , i forgot i 'd even had a dream in the first place .
it all fell into place : natalie 's desire to study biochemisty at stanford , her sudden trip to london , her unwillingness to date the same boy for more than a few months .
she 'll find her own place in the world and she wo n't be coming home to us as much . ''
he 'd keep chipping away at her barriers until he found a place in her heart .
raine was too softhearted to ever end a pregnancy , and the notion that there would be a part of her and him melded together always felt right , as if the natural order of the world were falling into place .
but it was n't a place of memories and it was n't home .
their kitchen had always been where everyone gathered , a place of warmth and laughter and confidences shared .
if wee manfred willna take the trouble to guard his woman , it 's no your place to do it for him . ''
` ` why ... it is not my place to question the lord 's ways ! ''
and here he saw that he merely was , in a place between , apart .
she needed help to heave that into place .
` ` it will have a most particularly honorable place in my collection , i do assure you , mrs .
he closed his eyes to damp the fire shadow and opened them again to the dark world , that place of shapes that lacked dimension and air that held spirits .
here in the piedmont , in the heart of the cape fear country , most of the solid citizens were loyalists , convinced that the violence taking place to the north was an overblown rumpus that might be unnecessary , and if it was not , had little to do with them - and that what was most needed here was a firm hand to rein in the wild - eyed whigs , before their excesses provoked a ruinous retaliation .
i wondered whether he had accepted - had sought ? -a place with jamie on account of his relationship with jocasta .
but i kept looking into the flames , letting the dark outside come to fill the empty places inside me .
` ` this is the place they call the well of death . ''
` ` as for the other '' -he cocked an eyebrow at me- '' if my wife is disposed to forgive your actions , then it isna my place to say more about it .
tired and drained as we both were , it was as though we were suspended together in a place where neither time nor consequence existed ; there was room for nothing but truth between us .
` ` the rocks fell once before , and sealed this place . ''
but he has no place there , either . ''
` ` his place is with you , '' i said softly , understanding .
next , jamie had summoned ross the smith to our chamber , and given him his orders , in a voice so low that i could not make out the words from my place near the fire .
what was his place in this affair ?
it was the faint hint of a burr in his voice that belatedly made the scrambled connections of her nervous system fall into place .
he was born and bred to this : the stewardship of a large estate , the care of the people on it , a place of respect among men of substance , his peers .
neither did i think he wanted power ; if he did , knowing what i knew about the future 's shape , he would have chosen to go north , to seek a place among the founders of a nation .
from the moment i first walked into one , i had known it to be my sphere , my natural place .
and yet i was not out of place , here in the wild - wood .
this was his place , and surely he felt it as well as i .
while i talked with gabrielle and berthe , augmenting the conversation by means of hand - waving , i slowly became conscious that another sort of communication was taking place , with the old lady .
there was no place in scotland for a one - armed fisherman .
he knew exactly what she meant ; the wildness of the glens and the moors was inhabited , in a way that this place of forests and rushing waters was not .
i know what it is to be ripped out of the place you thought was yours , to have choice taken from you .
in spite of the fact that i took no part in the horsey conversation , i did n't feel out of place here at all .
14 a marriage takes place there was a low , beamed ceiling over me when i woke , and a thick quilt tucked tidily under my chin .
and as it always does , after a time the attraction had lessened , and the man lost his golden aura and resumed his usual place in my life , with no harm done to him , to me , or to frank .
` ` you have no place in the workings o ' this court , sir !
you ' ve a home there , a place .
28 kisses and drawers i gradually found my own place in the running of the estate .
she thought , though she did not know , that it was possible to go back , through the circle of stone , to my proper place .
it 's ... it 's like ... i think it 's as though everyone has a small place inside themselves , maybe , a private bit that they keep to themselves .
a place where all things were possible .
then i noticed some disturbance taking place under the skirt of the oldest girl ; a sort of heaving flutter , accompanied by a muffled grunt .
yes , he was ; a slight , dark form slid out of the shadows , to take up a shy place in the group near jamie .
stephen bonnet would have no place in their wedding bed .
when the nameless dead are named again on tombstone and on cenotaph , then they regain the identity they lost as soldiers , and take their place in grief and memory , the ghosts of sons and lovers .
she knew , of course , that lizzie and her father held a place of special esteem with jamie , and that he would in all likelihood be moved to do what he could for her .
he had felt oddly suspended , in a place he could by no means describe , feeling completely at peace - and seeing very clearly .
` ` no , christie didna like it a bit , that mac dubh should be the great one , when he felt it his own place by right . ''
the stranger it was , because most of the birds that he had were young ones , who had never yet made the journey ; they hadna seen the place where they were bound , and yet they felt it there - calling to them , perhaps , rousing them from sleep . ''
for the most part , i felt at home , secure in the place i had made for myself in this world , happy to be with jamie , whatever the circumstances .
she made her way to the bathroom , the events of the previous evening slowly dropping into place in her horrified mind .
my goodness , but his place could use some attention , could n't it ?
glen asked , wondering why he brought up the subject in the first place .
it was not his place to judge , he knew that , but the thought of julia being forced to remain human was abhorrent .
the room appeared hazy at first , everything slowly slipping into place as if someone had wiped my line of vision with glass cleaner .
these new abilities have already found their place in your chemical makeup .
the conversation finally clicked into place for me , the part of rome 's speech that affected me most .
it is not your place to reassign yourself and others to suit your own needs . ''
` ` in the space between waking and dreaming , there is the place where some humans come by force .
their eyes locked , his dark and swirling with an emotion she could n't quite place .
like the other parts of the room the massive iron bed frame looked out of place in a room with stone walls .
where was i supposed to be and how had i conjured this place up ?
soulless creatures have no place here and i do n't want her near pagan . ''
i promise , '' leif 's soothing tone was so out of place with the words that were coming out of his mouth .
there was no place in jasper 's life for eliza martin .
you said you have no place in your life for a wife . ''
` ` shyness has no place between us . ''
vanessa 's attention was firmly on her food , her eyes downcast as if to say she could n't possibly be aware of the scandalous behavior taking place at the other end of the long room .
i went over them al again , trying to see them a different way , to touch them differently , to appraise them for anything that seemed out of place .
jared and his siblings stood in the center of my room when i returned , seeming nervous and out of place .
` ` it 's not my place to say anything , '' ryan said .
the book seemed out of place in our quiet , beautiful afternoon .
` ` that is his place .
his face is suddenly before me , illuminated by the lights , and i just stare like an idiot from my place .
instead , i run to the elevators and after him , realizing how stupid it was for me to bring remy into this thing with my sister in the first place .
because i do n't even see your smile has any place on your face anymore .
i desperately want my special place in his arms , the place i fit in like nowhere else .
she ignored it , knowing that sentiment had no place here .
their earlier conversation about captain radcliffe had opened up a dark place to the light of day and it did n't make for pleasant viewing .
besides , it was never my place to enquire about such things . '
his family were just going to have to get used to the idea for she had found a place in his heart that no one else could fill .
another piece of the puzzle slotted into place in harry 's mind .
there 's no place for negative emotion . '
i suspected that whatever was at the root of his parasomnia had taken place there .
gideon needed to figure out what he was doing , what he was looking for , and whether i had any meaningful place in his life .
he 'd been driven to find his place in the world , to be more than an outsider .
it was overwhelming and so out of place with the jars of teeth and scenes of death she 'd seen in gideon 's study .
he needed to give her more freedom or he would crush the beautiful spirit he had fallen in love with in the first place .
the venom that spit from the girls blue eyes would have seemed out of place if aria had n't already figured out who she was .
he 'd never felt so out of place in his own house .
she felt relieved more than anything to be free from jacob and the compound where she 'd felt so out of place .
and as hard as he 'd fought it , every day he spent with savannah only secured her place in his heart a little more .
her bare skin flashed in the darkness , and he felt a stirring of desire for her , something strange and out of place that he did n't understand .
in that dream , she had taken chase to a place he 'd never thought possible , beyond sex , beyond cli**x , beyond anything that had ever been .
with this inn they 'd both found a safe harbor , a place of healing .
her body was in a place beyond pain .
but whatever alternate universe had just infringed on their reality receded back into place , and she looked at him .
there was no place for them in her life anymore , it seemed .
what did that mean for ian 's place in the baby 's life ?
that was the first time he 'd ever made a personal comment to her , and it was devastating to know her senses were leaping all over the place .
he 's telling me with more than words that he 's moved on and that i no longer have any place in his heart . ''
was he moving on as if she 'd never occupied a place in his life ?
afraid to give him that chance again when he 'd hurt her so badly by not fighting for her in the first place .
whoever the toad was , he 'd not only been tacky enough to sell the pictures , he had to be pretty stupid to have let her slip through his fingers in the first place .
if he eased up , she 'd gradually relax with him and accept his place in her life .
one night during the second week of december sarah went into his arms as usual , her head finding its customary place on his shoulder .
or else i ' m afraid there might no longer be a place for you at stardom .
kate became his muse , his passion and every time he played , he told her that the thought of her took him to a place where music met magic .
a scowl settled into place on billie 's face as she watched royce take hayes by the arm and walk away as he headed for the club 's entrance .
it also made billie wonder if she had a chance of filling the empty place in royce 's heart that had been created when alicia had died .
i loved her , and she 'll always have a special place in my heart , but i never planned on mourning her for the rest of my life .
she still occupied a special place in keeley 's heart , and she missed her sorely .
i know you not , but you have fast found a place in my heart . ''
then i must see your laird to determine my place in this keep . ''
i would know my place in your clan . ''
there was no place for sadness now .
so far , drake was the only one of the theronai who could join with helen and bring her into their world - show her her rightful place .
there was no place for worry inside her now .
` ` it is not your place , paul . ''
` ` do you believe your place is in battle , child ? ''
she was trying to prove her theory that helen had no place at his side .
spurred on by that thought , paul pushed his way through those nightmares until he found the boy 's mental hiding place .
suddenly , things started to fall into place for andra .
she had a home , and although she had n't yet fully accepted it in her head , in her heart , this place was hers .
` ` yeah , well , you were kinda the reason i felt the need for that new identity in the first place .
she 'd found her place among these people .
they 'd take her blood and rip the last few hard - won bits of sanity from her mind , sending her back to that dark place where her thoughts were not her own , her body was a wasted shell , and death hovered over her , rubbing its hands in eager anticipation .
it yanked her out of that bright , perfect place , through the hideous , writhing tentacles , and back into her own body .
its mind was a hot , alien place .
his mind was a familiar place .
if he did , his thoughts would stray beyond duty to a place much more enticing .
and with a truce between the slayers and theronai closer than it 's ever been , i do n't want anything reminding either side of why the war began in the first place . ''
my place is here , doing what i can to help grace and tori . ''
logan 's deep voice was out of place in the quiet of her room .
he did n't understand why the master would n't want the glory of slaying a sanguinar himself , but it was not his place to talk back .
all the more reason to return her to her place beneath the earth .
he knew he had to let her go - that she deserved a life of her own and a chance to find her place in the world - but the cost of losing her was much greater than he 'd ever imagined .
she went back to that place , seeking out the raging energy of it .
` ` that was never my place .
something clicked into place , and she saw her face .
` ` it has no place in either of our lives . ''
she was taken back to that place where fear and rising panic assailed her along with the dreadful waiting for the next blow .
he asked in a tone so gentle it seemed out of place , coming from such a rough , burly man .
his place was here .
davencourt was his rightful place , his legacy .
the last change had , perhaps , taken place when she had watched jessie cheating on him with another man and knew she could n't tell , because to do so would hurt webb .
it all clicked into place then , and she bolted upright in bed , looking for webb .
we talked it over and agreed that we want webb to resume his rightful place in the family . ''
i was scared shitless going in , but once i got through boot camp everything just clicked into place . ''
it was a madhouse , but he did n't feel as out of place as he 'd expected he would .
` ` she has a whole separate place for you in her heart . ''
lissa 's emotions were all over the place .
instinct born from years of training instantly kicked into place .
as dimitri and i approached to get our assignments , i pondered what could have actually made dimitri stay here in the first place .
i did n't know who he was calling , but the conversation took place in russian .
i hated that almost as much as him smoking in the first place .
things just fell into place . ''
various experiments took place through the early twentieth century to try to make the sensor self - propelled and able to follow a shadowhunter , patrol an area independently , and so on .
this attitude has been firmly in place ever since an embarrassing episode in 1832 during which a prussian farmer and shadowhunter , johannes von mainz , called the entire clave to his farm to witness the ` ` angel '' he had summoned to his cow barn .
that is , marks block it off as a place outside the protection of wards .
fighting against his fate , jonathan used what little breath he had to ask a blessing on the lake , to sanctify it as a place where things of evil , such as these demons , would not be welcome .
unhomely places there is the world you know , the world you have always known ; and then you blink , and there is a place you never had any inkling of , and it spreads out across your eyescape .
much fantasy and science fiction is built on the idea of stumbling through a portal of some sort and discovering oneself lost in a place that is wholly other .
so i have a hard time passing up speculative fiction that begins with the premise that our own world is somehow not the place we ' ve taken it for .
her story is about new york , and about a girl finding her place in it and learning to love and trust it again even though it has kept so much hidden from her .
but the beauty of fantasy is that it allows the protagonist to pass through fear to come to know this different reality and to find a place in it .
he 's no longer sure of his place in the world .
in city of fallen angels , jace is resurrected and reassured of his place in the world - or , at least , that 's what he wants everyone to think .
relationships are power in the mortal instruments , and friendship has a place of pride , treated as carefully and with the same respect as familial bonds and true love .
the presence of queer characters helps all readers , regardless of sexuality , get to a place where we can see both ourselves and each other more clearly .
the life and crimes of valentine morgenstern it 's probably no surprise by this point that there 's a special place for valentine morgenstern in my heart , a place i reserve for the most deliciously evil characters .
the life and crimes of valentine morgenstern it 's probably no surprise by this point that there 's a special place for valentine morgenstern in my heart , a place i reserve for the most deliciously evil characters .
maybe it changes so much that there 's no place for you any longer , no place that you recognize or that recognizes you .
almost every other essay will be more coherent and intelligent than this one , but if you want dirty jokes , you have come to the right place .
maybe living life would help me find my place .
there was n't any place for her to give leeway because she sympathized with him having shitty genetics .
it has no place in the here and now and serves no purpose except to make our hearts heavy with regret . ''
` ` so did i score a place on your thesis ? ''
it could take place with a child and its parents .
he will always have a place in my heart . ''
i had been so upset then , and my emotions had been all over the place .
` ` cage , '' i said calmly , although my emotions were all over the place .
she had seen black niall in a battle , focused on him , and the procedure carried her directly to the place in her mind .
every eye in the hall was trained upon her , transported to the misty realm of niflheim , that accursed place of ice and shadows .
in his view , the best sex took place between two people who were right for each other in many ways .
` ` listen , it 's not my place to interfere , but i think that girl is extremely focused on getting her promotion .
his death , giving up his life so someone he loved might live , was what had secured him a place in heaven .
still , it sometimes bugged her that her mother put the idea in her mind in the first place .
though her head felt as though it were spinning , gabby nodded almost imperceptibly as she felt things click into place : the fact that travis usually seemed only half - dressed , his utter lack of discomfort at conversing with his chest bared , an explanation for why he worked out so much .
she thought about kevin and the guilt she 'd felt minutes earlier , about the choice she 'd made by moving here in the first place .
it was n't my place to pry like i did , or make you feel uncomfortable . ''
it was always packed on sundays , and she ended up parking in the far corner , making her wonder why she 'd driven the car in the first place .
if you ask me , he never should have stopped working in the first place . ''
death is always sad , but it 's also inevitable , and that 's why i signed the living will in the first place .
as he took it upon himself to wrap the pizza and place it in the refrigerator , then automatically reach for the garbage when he noticed it was full , there was a moment , just a moment , when the scene seemed as if it were n't happening now , but as if it were taking place sometime in the future , just an ordinary evening in a long procession of evenings together .
i never wanted to be around the guy in the first place . ''
` ` can i ask why you went out there in the first place ? ''
it was sweet , but in the end , all it did was remind her of why she was so upset in the first place .
they could have been taken anywhere , at any time , and because richard developed them , there was n't so much as a lab they could trace them back to ... ... jennifer 's thoughts suddenly froze as she felt the answer begin to click into place .
the words sounded strangely out of place ; he did n't know why she 'd felt the urge to bring it up now .
that had been the extent of their conversation , but it told him that he had nana 's blessing , something he knew was important given nana 's place in elizabeth 's life .
it 's not my place , especially given the crappy way i ' ve treated you in the past . ''
yet upon further reflection , i slowly came to the realization that i 'd never really understood what she saw in me in the first place .
hugs and laughter were a staple in their home , a place where practical jokes were relished , because no one ever suspected meanness .
not one of them , i noticed , was willing to mention the reason he 'd been at the pond in the first place .
of all the places we 'd been to up to that point , cambodia seemed the most foreign and incomprehensible , and we both felt out of place .
unlike many of the cultural artifacts , it had n't been destroyed in the war and it seemed to occupy a central place in the heart of cambodians , surrounded as it was by hundreds of small offerings of flowers .
but it was n't the place for me .
to this point , none of the other seven had been particularly helpful - two had mentioned family funerals taking place at cedar creek - so he reached for one that he had n't examined .
` ` hey , i ' m just trying to figure out why i was brought down here in the first place . ''
in high school , there 's always a place for everyone , and i began falling in with the wrong sort of crowd , a crowd that did n't give a damn about anything , which left me not giving a damn , either .
` ` i do n't know why i got so mad in the first place . ''
in our time together , you claimed a special place in my heart , one i 'll carry with me forever and that no one can ever replace .
to a man of routine , i realized , the hospital was not only foreign , but a dangerous place , one that took more energy to adjust to than he knew he could summon .
his visits had settled into something of a routine , and when they weretogether , she was constantly reminded of all the reasons she 'd fallen for him in the first place .
but ... one by one , the answers came as quickly as she could think of them : the reason she 'd never learned jo 's lastname or saw her drive a car ... the reason jo never invited her over or accepted her offer to help her paint ... howjo had been able to magically appear at katie 's side in jogging clothes ... katie felt something give way inside her as everything clicked into place .
his little accountant needed a place in her life where she felt empowered .
everything she worked for finally clicked into place .
seeing this house in person would clinch the whole deal for me - it was where i thought i 'd finally be able to understand my place in this weird direction my life had taken .
` ` last week , i kept thinking if i could just get here it would fall into place .
he looked acutely out of place in the dim , ugly corridor .
he was born and raised on lopez island ; he is as fixed in that place as one of the ancient trees that line the main road .
he could n't blame her for enjoying every minute of her newfound celebrity , and he could n't help wondering if there would still be a place in her life for him .
he works well undercover - hence the reason you gave him such an important assignment in the first place . ''
it 's not my place to question your sense of duty or your honor .
` ` i am afraid that it is not my place to say , particularly since she specifically asked me not to . ''
still , she had yet to tell him why she 'd sought him out in the first place .
he did n't understand it , but it had touched a place somewhere deep inside of him all the same - a place he had n't even known existed , and that worried him .
pressing against his hand , she reveled in the odd yet delightful feel of the caress that his fingers offered as they feathered inside her , stroking her toward a place of wondrous glory .
and he 'd never found anyone who could occupy the same place in his heart .
she desperately needed to reestablish the boundaries and know her place .
but there 's always been something missing and when i looked up in that restaurant and saw you for the first time in all these years , it all fell into place for me .
like they 'd taken place in an alternate reality .
and she slipped to a place where there was no pain .
shirts and pants flew through the air and soon it looked like an orgy had taken place on the patio as clothes hung from every chair , were strewn on the ground , and panties and bras hung from the bushes lining the walkway .
nervous had no place in tonight 's activities .
she was sure of her place in the world , and that , to him , was about the sexiest quality a woman could possess .
he looked contented , a man sure of his place in the world .
and now , finally , she knew her place in the world .
her sob echoed over the room and she fought for breath as pleasure overtook her , robbing her of sight , of her sense of time and place .
he felt it was not his place to do so .
and while the stronger , harder self she had cultivated over the last ten years insisted that she tell ammar to release her in the morning , the quiet voice of her heart whispered that she 'd never really wanted to be that person in the first place .
because , she realised with a pang , she had never loved the job in the first place .
' a place ? '
maybe if i pretend i ' m normal and not destroyed by jase ' rejection , things will fall into place .
my knuckles are sore from gripping the steering wheel and my emotions are all over the place .
it was enough for her toknow thather mother - in - law was n't deliberatelysetting outto undermine her place inher husband 's life .
being with isabel made the world around him a better place , as maudlin as others would find that sentiment .
where nicole fit into this run - down trailer park , ashton looked completely out of place .
the dread and fear i 'd felt when sawyer had said he wanted to marry me one day had no place here .
dawson thought he looked out of place , more like an office worker than a roughneck .
with that , everything began to fall into place , beginning with the sighting of abee that morning .
` ` did you ever stop to consider that you 're the reason i had to lie in the first place ? ''
or would she have stored it somewhere special , a place known only to her ?
he 'd understood who he was and his place in the world .
` ` it 's not my place to tell frank anything , or to say anything that would add more trouble to your marriage .
` ` this place feels confused- strange - but i do n't sense any harm the dark energy has done .
` ` i do n't see why you want to know in the first place , '' nick said .
with adam , the gym had seemed a place of beauty and enchantment .
behind that blank wall she 'd met julian , in a place that was n't a real place after all .
she did n't know her place in the world , where she was in time and space .
` ` i know it 's not my place to say this '' - she paused to lick her lips - ` ` but i like to think we 're friends . ''
` ` my , you are surprising , but ' t is not your place to question me . ''
all the same , she needed to understand her place .
the man made connor 's skin crawl , but personal feelings had no place in this .
knows her place ?
in this magical place , he could be the faery king or a warrior from the dead .
` ` the chieftain would have banished me , and i would have lost my place in his guard . ''
it made her want to fight for her place in this family where before she 'd been prepared to say f**k you all and hit the road again .
` ` i was groomed to take my place in the family business .
her place was here beside diana .
through that portal into - the other place , the place that existed alongside the human world , always there , never touching .
i 'll dream you into a place without any shadows , only light . ''
she was ready to fight for her place in the forefront of matthew landis 's life .
how she 'd actually thought because he spoke sophie 's name everything else might magically fall into place.they 'd taken a long time getting to this sad and confusing place in their relationship .
understandable , but he needed to divert her thoughts of the man who still had such a prominent place in her mind .
` ` with a little help from a private detective , the rest of the pieces fell into place about your real father .
with gabrielle this close , her hands linked with his , he remembered all the reasons he 'd kissed her in the first place .
there had to be a special place in heaven for whoever invented the tankless water heater .
she 'd seen him dressed this way before , but she 'd always been with kevin , so she 'd worked to keep her distance , putting those walls in place between them .
he had once invited carella and his family to a seder , and carella had later confessed that he ' d felt oddly out of place , even though meyer had himself conducted the traditional ceremony , in english .
we ' ve kept the original conceit , the entire musical takes place in jenny 's room .
and i still do n't see why you wanted to put it up in the first place . ''
steeling herself , she slowly got to her feet before remembering why she 'd been out here in the first place .
this was his place , not hers .
with that , things began to click in place .
her touch was electric against his skin , her breath hot against his , and he felt himself slipping away to a place governed only by his senses .
she thought about it before turning toward the house , noticing again how out of place it was along this stretch of beach .
this was the place where sick people came ; this was the place where people came to die , and she knew her father would see this place again .
kelly felt as if she stood outside of herself , watching herself float to a place where she 'd never been .
turning they faced all of the people who had come to witness another generation of blackstones solidifying their place in virginia 's horse country 's history .
to her , the sorority had always been about individual friendship , not some rah - rah group identity ; and to her , friendship had nothing to do with anyone 's place in the pecking order .
at his response , sophia felt it click into place .
it all clicked into place , the pieces fitting together : why he 'd wanted to see the bull on their first night together ; why his mom was so angry with him ; his tense preoccupation before the start of the season .
as far as the dowager was concerned , the world was a stratified place , with a hierarchy as clear as it was rigid .
and now ... well , she 'd found a new place in this world .
` ` i am restoring you to your proper place in this world . ''
all that remains is for us to - ` ` ` ` my proper place , '' he said , cutting her off .
` ` i do n't know what you think you are doing , miss eversleigh , but you are not family , and you have no place in this room . ''
grace had always thought that a remarkable achievement for one brought up as he had been , with a constant emphasis on the wyndham place in the hierarchy of man .
` ` it is not your place to worry over my situation . ''
if he was going to be the subject of the discussion , he would bloody well be given a place in it .
lord crowland was not a feeble man , and although he did not exude quite the same haughty power as wyndham , he clearly knew his worth and his place in society .
grace had often envied the willoughby girls their secure places in society .
thomas ought to be fighting for his place in the world , not blithely handing it over .
` ` i have restored you to your proper place , '' she said sharply .
he 'd been so desperate that no one should truly know him , that he 'd denied himself the chance to find his place in the world .
however long ago , whatever the circumstances , there 's still a place in the child that hurts . ''
he 'd read the same article before sending it to the librarian along with the promise of a sizable donation if the library committee found nadia a place in the group .
love had no place in his life .
with the last of her will she sent her spirit to the place prepared for it ... to the skull on the island .
holden wants to live in a childhood world for the rest of his life , which makes him a very beautiful and interesting character , but one who has trouble finding his place in the real world .
but now he 's back , clean and ready to reclaim his place in the news , and the charts .
it is our place after all . ''
` ` i know it 's not my place , and i do n't mean to speak out of turn , but for what it 's worth , i do n't believe what that girl 's claiming .
i could n't be happier to be the one who brought him to this place in his life .
smith has found his place among them now , and i ' m so happy for him .
the day of the accident , coming so close to losing you , i wanted to ask you then , but it seemed out of place with everything that was going on .
your place is with them right now . ''
a little warmth flooded kade 's system at the thought of his friend finally finding his true place beside his two biological brothers , along with their shared wife , hannah .
he could show her his world and make himself a place in hers .
kade leaned forward , so much falling into place .
there was no place for silly euphemisms here .
some events that had made her scratch her head over the past few days now snapped into place and made sense , including the reason rafe and kade had refused to sleep with her on their journey to bezakistan .
he 'd never really been with her in the first place .
there was no place for them here .
there was no place for shame in a loving relationship .
he wanted to know her , feel like he had a place beside her .
there is zero place for that here .
and kinley felt as if she 'd finally found her place .
` ` try money , respect , and a place in society . ''
they were supposed to learn what a woman 's real place was .
but this is the kind of relationship where jealousy just ca n't have a place . ''
he hid behind his dom role so often that he forgot she needed a place in this family , too and not just the one on her back .
they were forcing her out of a place where she thought and worried and into a place where she simply felt .
all of that emotion had burned off on the island as they had found their unique roles in her life and she 'd settled into her place as the sun in their sky .
i ' m not about to just accept my place in the world .
she was letting go of her anger because it had no place in her life .
he would prove he could find a place in this family .
he 'd been willing to fight everyone , even her , to make a place in her life .
and now she was telling him he had no place in his son 's life ?
fear and anxiety had no place in their bed right now .
her big , black - haired irishman husband looked ridiculously out of place in her little girl 's room .
lauren felt acutely out of place as she walked up to the guardhouse at the entrance gate , a girl who did n't belong .
a frown settled into place on her forehead and stayed there for the rest of the day .
it connected them , that common loss , brought them to a place that felt like friendship .
dear mr . haynes : we are pleased to offer you a place of admission ... tears made it impossible to read the rest .
we 're just a couple of people who have lived through tough times and come out in a new place .
darkness clicked into place .
but the heart of the action took place in the kitchen .
she 'd felt so safe in david 's arms that night , so certain of her place beside him in the world .
lauren saw the fear in angie 's eyes and suddenly it all clicked into place .
pamela was beauty - queen gorgeous - and so empty inside , so lacking in values and morals , that he had to wonder what had attracted him in the first place .
once she talked to the yacht club , everything sort of fell into place .
just when it looked like everything was falling neatly into place , and charlotte would finally be able to return to a life of her own , a series of showers and parties began .
there 's a place in my heart for james .
` ` you slept with me when- '' ` ` i found out who you were yesterday afternoon and things started to fall into place .
she had haunted him for seven years now , and he had become pretty good at compartmentalizing so that he would work , talk , live around her place in his heart and mind .
` ` do you ever feel like you have n't found your place ?
he seemed as out of place as i felt .
if i was going to tie myself down to one woman and be faithful to her the rest of my life for the sake of my rightful place in the family business , i was n't sure i wanted in .
i want to take my rightful place in my family 's business .
we were both so power hungry to take the places that were rightfully ours in our fathers ' businesses that we were willing to forego love .
i asked as panic started to take its place in my chest this time .
everything was clicking into place .
i drive and ca n't help that my emotions are all over the place .
she 'd have a very powerful place in moroi society , and the other young royals wanted to get in good with her .
pieces clicked into place for me .
i felt right at home trading punches with brock ; in that moment , my rage had a purpose and a place .
` ` is there anyone who holds a special place in your affections ? ''
` ` i fear you misunderstood me when i asked if there was anyone who held a special place in your affections , '' he told her .
i think she is underestimating her own place in willa 's affections .
another guy will be lucky enough to find a place in your heart .
he always looked so out of place in my room .
the sensation of holding her was so keen that he closed his eyes and imagined himself in a place far away from his present reality .
to a place where there was no pain and no fear while everything around her went to hell .
there are places , and then there are places .
she only knew that he and deke had managed to take her to a place where rational thought ceased , sensation ruled - and drove her completely out of her head .
cross words aside , everything was falling into place perfectly .
a million things clicked into place : the reason she was so touchy about people assuming she was a whore , the reason she insisted that the girls who work for her better themselves , the reason she hated to rely on others unless forced , the reason she was n't wound up about being nude in public .
kata stared at the ring in horror , puzzle pieces from the night before snapping into place .
` ` modesty has no place in bed with us .
fucking ironic , considering she was the reason he had the scar in the first place .
no idea , but nothing else looked out of place .
her gmc looked completely out of place parked among all the lexus , mercedes , and cadillacs .
if they used this opportunity to get cozy , he 'd make sure he remembered his place in the pecking order .
` ` i ' m honored to have a place on your bookshelf . ''
if aidan 's mother and father could be typical parents , emma might not feel so out of place , after al .
scent was all - important to a were , and this woman 's aroma filled him with a longing so deep he lost his place in the conversation he 'd been having with a couple of club members .
foreplay had its place , but this was n't it .
` ` it 's not really my place to say , but i think she would have wanted us to make this a joyful occasion . ''
` ` as i said , it 's not my place to advise you on that .
colin 's prejudices were still firmly in place .
` ` this is how civilized readers mark their place . ''
then everything clicked into place , and he felt like an idiot for not seeing it before .
exclusive report for wereworld celebrity watch by angela sapworthy denver - a stunning development took place sunday afternoon following the scheduled debate between howl leader kate stillman and woof leader duncan macdowell .
instead she was putting him through unnecessary torture , but her heart was in the right place .
when she 'd hired him two years ago , he 'd been less sure of his place in the world .
it 's your place , after all . ''
he 'd forgotten to ask rachel what she 'd done to keep lionel from noticing them in the first place .
no one will ever take your place in my heart .
` ` no one will take your place in my heart , either .
as terrible as it had often been , her place beside makeshift hospital beds , watching people with catastrophic injuries , everything that came before paled in comparison to this moment , when she was suffering herself .
` ` i understand why you put her in that terrible place . ''
or maybe changing was n't the right word ; they 'd gotten to a place in the story that was new to nina .
the story was taking place in leningrad under stalin .
karie was yelling that i 'd lose my place in the food line , but i did n't care .
all of his colleagues were married and i think he started to feel a little out of place . ''
she does n't know i have them , and it was n't my place to tell you . ''
petty had no place here now .
` ` have you ever heard of this little place called earth ? ''
elise seemed awkward and out of place at all times , unless she was with family .
you were the only reason why he stuck around so long in the first place . ''
you 're just one person , very alone , trying to find a place in the world .
i smack my forehead , hard , and the dull throbbing from my hangover kicks back into place .
i hear him take a deep breath to say something more , and just when i think i ' m about to understand how the world works , how all the gears fit into place to turn the crank and function , why declan broke up with me , and how maybe - just the tiniest taste of maybe ? -i can find my way back to him , i hear : ` ` oh .
it 's a relief to know that even as my own career turns to shambles , at least my sister and nephews are in a better place .
her place was by his side even though she kept trying to run away from him .
her hesitant admission slid a piece of the lauren puzzle into place for him , making him see how her tightly controlled surface hid so much passion beneath .
` ` i hope you understand it was n't my place to share the details with you . ''
` ` italian opera will always hold a special place in my heart . ''
` ` be that boy 's father and let everything else fall into place . ''
while she considered herself a savvy businesswoman who earned her place in the family corporation , she had a reputation for avoiding all - out confrontations in her personal life .
` ` well , hell , abernathy , '' holt , sr . said , ` ` why did n't you say so in the first place ? ''
maybe he did n't care about his place in society anymore .
adam opened his mouth to tell lucas no , to state quite adamantly that such an expose had no place in man 's life magazine .
i guess there 's always your place , '' she suggested .
and really , when she got right down to it , she had no idea why she 'd extended such an offer to him in the first place .
her friends had disappeared as quickly as her lifestyle , and she 'd learned fast and hard that life , if left untended , could become a very dark and ugly place .
one all violet tandy had ever wanted out of life was a place to call home .
okay , maybe poverty would n't be so out of place , but i did not come from squalor .
she was so out of place here , in a house like this , with people like gavin .
and that one had been someone she never should have been with in the first place .
a place completely removed from the spotlight marcus so joyfully embraced in his own life .
` ` i figured ambition had to have a place here somewhere .
successive relationships helped keep his place as front - page news , and that suited him just fine .
` ` w - well , '' pia said delicately , ` ` i wish this conversation could take place at a later time , but there is the issue of what announcement to send , if any , with regard to saturday 's , er , interrupted nuptials .
she was delighted that the paintings had found a place together .
but if nothing else , their recent encounters had shown her that negotiations would take place on his terms .
i think that you need to learn what your place is elena .
but i also think that if you care about sebastian , everything else will just fall into place .
it was obvious his mother had a special place in his heart .
nothing seemed to be holding a place in his mind except rachel 's face , the look in her eyes right after he pleasured her , the laughter that spilled from her when something delighted her , the display of pain in her expressive eyes when he hurt her .
had gianni destroyed his own place ?
rafe had opened her eyes to a new world , and it was a place she 'd enjoyed .
not proud of the many women he 'd lain with , he could safely say none had made a place inside his head - none but rachel .
shane figured there was a special place waiting for him in the depths of hell if he did n't pull himself together .
she knew her place in their relationship .
well , she wanted him to , but she did n't think it was the best idea with the way her emotions were scattered all over the place .
realizing that he had to know what the job position was for , ari 's face turned slightly pink as she followed him down the steps to the back door of the bentley which looked so out of place in her less than desirable neighborhood .
his assistant had done well there , too , with comfortable pieces that did n't appear too out of place in this dump .
of course the stairs creaked as the two made their way down them , and he heard scratching from some unknown place down in the dark basement - of course .
if richard thought he 'd earn back his place in her heart by forcing her hand , he was dead wrong .
the thing was that she was n't angry about hearing it now , just a little sad that it had been lost in the first place .
it was a weird feeling to go from a world in which the door stayed locked 24/7 , to a place where an open door was expected , part of the mind - set .
okay , he did have to admit that his granddaughter jasmine had an extra - special place in his heart .
his place in l.a .
chapter fourteen misty 's stomach was doing handsprings , her emotions were all over the place , and her whole world had been flipped upside down , but one thing was certain : being pressed up against bryson , with his strong hands kneading the taut muscles up and down her back , felt so right .
that was information for later , for when she was assured of her place in the anderson family .
she would be able to build her own place in the business world , and even be a tycoon .
he 'd snatched her heart with that one insignificant but thoughtful gesture , and she 'd fallen deeper and deeper as every piece of grady 's puzzling personality fell into place .
his strength , his capacity to still love after all he 'd been through had been what made her fall in love with him in the first place .
she looked out of place , different from the usual lighthearted vacationers and skiers who were here this time of year .