her career was doing extremely well , her records were going platinum all over the place and she was in high demand .
the incident at the diner only makes me want to speed up the days until i finally get to leave this place behind , go somewhere where nobody knows me at all .
this place has n't felt like home since mom passed away , but after what just happened with tucker , the entire town feels uninhabitable to me .
it 's a place i ' ve come to love and depend on as a safe haven .
i 'd rather get to leave this place behind and forget about every one of these assholes than give them the satisfaction of dragging me through the mud . ''
` ` i can set up a tent on the beach if you 'd rather , '' he shoots back , ` ` but this place has hbo .
there 's a warmth to the place that can only be captured during the offseason at a sleepy beach town .
he obviously was now used to much classier places , but it was n't too horrible here .
it 's a much better place than where my mother and i lived .
he made sure she locked the doors before preceding her down the stairway , thinking the whole time that he was going to get her out of this place .
she '' d never traveled to so many places in her life , nor had she spent so much money .
did n't they send people to places where almost no one could find them ?
watch , she 'd ask him to buy her that ring he 'd promised her and when he took her to town she 'd pick the biggest rock in the place .
he 'd better make a plan , and soon , for how to turn around this place and make it earn its keep .
i could use some help around the place , you know . ''
` ` i ca n't believe you do n't know how much i hate that place , '' claire said .
oh , and by the way , that youtube video - the one that lured you to montana in the first place because you were so desperate for a husband ?
but claire still lives in billings and she has n't wanted anything to do with this place for years . ''
forget inviting her to ride the horse he 'd hand - picked for her and taking her all over the land and reminding her just how much she loved this place .
she would be a laughing - stock when september rolled around and no wedding took place .
but as soon as i got here i understood why autumn fell in love with the place . ''
with five of them around the place it sure gets ugly sometimes .
` ` it 'll bring a little class to the place . ''
hannah shrugged , but morgan waved her hands at the office as if to say , the place where you live and work , dummy .
after her daddy made a little visit to the hardy place and came home with his knuckles bloodied , both her parents decided then and there that rose 's next job would be a safe one .
her true goal - a return to the united states - she kept from everyone until so many years went by that when her peers began to talk of that shiny , wealthy , infidel place they all loathed and longed for in equal measure , they forgot they 'd ever mistrusted her as one who 'd been corrupted by actual contact with american soil .
the very dirt of this place made the framework of his soul .
he 'd brought her straight home while the others had closed up the place .
` ` wo n't you come and see the place ?
ned tamped down a desire to stick up for the place .
fila sighed - she 'd put up with as large a crowd as could squeeze in the place if only it meant they 'd be out of the cold .
i could use some more help around the place , pops - even when ned 's leg is healed .
if he liked working for a man who monitored after hours attire , then he had a lot more to learn about the work place and life in general .
` ` you ' ve got to see this place .
someone had definitely left the windows open , because , while new york city was n't exactly a place of quietness and serenity , it was n't usually that loud .
although i have lived in several other places while i was in boarding school .
our mutual hatred for the place had created a close bond , and we had always sought each other out when we were forced to attend parties or formal events .
i loved this place , and i had hoped she would too .
with brightly colored buildings and funky shops on every street corner , it was the one place in the city i never felt different .
this place , '' he said , gesturing with his hands , ` ` your friends , noah ... me - we are your home and your family , liv .
right , because finding a job in a place like this was so damn easy .
the hotel had seen better days , but it was n't the worst place i 'd been to .
after a night of packing and contemplation erin left the island of santa marta early the next morning relieved that she would never lay eyes on this confounded place again .
` ` but the good thing is , dennis went to look at the place and the bulk of the wind damage was to those villas i was planning to bulldoze anyway .
wonderful city , but after you ' ve been here a few dozen times you basically know the place so well you stop getting excited .
silken frowned as she tried to remember all the places she 'd heard the name .
` ` i guess it helps that i kinda like the place . ''
and they 'd gone out , too , three times this month already , to the best restaurants in cupertino , places she 'd only heard of but never entered .
in a place like sunnybrook nursing home there was not much to keep one busy and the primary form of entertainment was gossip .
both he and carrie knew what had taken place that night but outside of giving max some cursory information he had n't spoken with anyone .
things were suddenly looking a lot more serious and she needed to be away from this place as fast as possible .
same place ? ''
it was another hour before he was able to extricate himself from reporters and the clinging hands of ladies who seemed to have decided he was n't going to leave the place that night .
for a place this posh you 'd think they would have even one real chair .
it was the memory of how she 'd gotten here in the first place that had been her undoing .
` ` this place is dangerous .
it was blake , and only blake , who made him feel he could actually live in a godforsaken place like this .
more like checking on the place , ryder was sure .
` ` you do n't belong in this godforsaken place .
i can tell from your fancy phone and nice clothes that you belong in a place like this . ''
he was the one who got me into sailing in the first place .
it was n't often that i got to play tourist on the island , and i had forgotten how much i loved just visiting places here .
` ` i can see how this place helped her fall in love . ''
determined not to spoil such a beautiful day with worries , she pushed aside thoughts of her marriage and let her senses dwell on the tranquility of the place .
` ` if i remember my high - school geography , those two places are n't that far from roswell , '' he said , thinking fast .
she still could n't believe what had taken place when caleb had touched her , nor did she understand it .
but she could see that he 'd been deeply affected by what had taken place and she could n't stop herself from asking , ` ` why had n't she told you who your father was ? ''
` ` when we all arrived in wichita and emerald explained about our father and that she was going to give each of us one of her companies to run , i fully intended to turn her down because i did n't feel qualified to run a place like skerritt and crowe . ''
and the sole reason they 'd married in the first place was to keep culbertson from taking her baby away from her .
there was little emerald could do about what had taken place all those years ago .
` ` do n't you think a child would like to go a few places and do a few things with both parents at the same time ?
her tears were not only threatening , they were imminent and walking out onto the master suite 's balcony , she let them flow freely down her cheeks as she considered what had taken place earlier in the day .
not once since their unexpected reunion had he apologized for what had taken place in aspen .
you 're welcome to visit me in new york city too , although my place is certainly not even a fraction of this place . ''
but according to the smell of the place he 'd have to add another thousand cigarettes to the cause of the problem .
he decided he 'd have to find a job if he was going to live in a better place .
` ` you charge people four hundred to live in this place ? ''
` ` girl , the whole place is talking about you coming home .
they 're all over the place down in nashville .
it seems she had many painful memories of that place .
` ` do you think it was the stress from that place ? ''
new york is supposed to be an amazing place . ''
maybe later i would like to go back , but the reason i went to school in the first place was to get out of prairie , and i knew it would make me more money than minimum wage .
this world 's a big place , and i ' m just a plane ride or a phone call away . ''
you missed the years to go to school , not that i could have afforded to send you in the first place , but i would have killed myself trying .
` ` you seem to know a lot about the place . ''
he can keep an eye on the place . ''
and other places .
but she had n't had much success getting over him in boston , new york and the other few places she 'd briefly lived over the past few years .
jade shivered again , wishing she were back in her comfortable cottage instead of here in this dark , cold , creepy place .
i would n't have thought a man like you would want to live in a place like this . ''
did n't she know that there were servants all over the place ?
` ` yes , emma , the world is a cruel and hard place and you do n't get something for nothing .
she 's loving the place . ''
` ` i ' m looking for a man and what better way to find one than to go to places where they are the main consumers ? ''
sasha looked away , the memory of the most amazing place she 'd ever painted coming to mind .
it would have to be something to cheer this place up because it is pretty barren .
good grief , ana , how many times have you opened up the paper at home to read about how you were in one place but supposedly also opening some hospital or mall somewhere else .
` ` so much for separation in the work place , '' she said .
that way , we 'll be able to see what this place is like , how you 're treated , all the things we worry about . ''
she nodded her agreement with his point but shrugged her shoulders slightly before answering , ` ` well , i do n't think anyone really gets to know a place until they live there .
the job is fascinating and challenging and i get to visit places i never would have seen otherwise . ''
he 's too stuffy for that place . ''
back when he was managing this place , sal was one of the best riders . ''
why had n't she ever seen how awful this place looked ?
` ` emma , i bet your mommy is looking all over the place for you and is very worried .
alana had gone to visit the orphanage that afternoon and realized what a horrific place it was .
` ` you need to see this place , '' she said .
mykolas did n't want her to have any bad memories of the place .
now , all i care about is getting out of this place alive , preferably without missing any body part or having to be treated for rabies .
misty was starting to feel glad she was going to leave this place .
so how was it that they were living in a place where there did n't seem any shortage -- - she squinted again and then another .
that the boss would n't care when you left the place in tears ? ''
` ` what do you think of this place ? ''
` ` sweetheart , i ' ve been to places you ' ve only written about .
` ` this place is like a living nightmare , but the perks of living here have to be worth it . ''
` ` while i had assumed you 'd be off to places more exotic for fashion day . ''
` ` i thought you did n't like coming to places like this . ''
too bad haven was out of town this week , having gone to a wedding in alaska , of all places .
` ` more in other places ? ''
` ` he did n't like to go places , so i thought that sucked . ''
it was a beautiful place , all charming shops and sidewalks lines with trees .
my memories of this place growing up were n't the best , '' he said through the cracked open door while she cleaned up .
i do n't feel bad about saying it either since he got out of that place and died in an accident on a yacht with a female friend . ''
some place like that .
` ` i never liked this place .
she was going to miss this place almost as much as she would miss j.d .
` ` this place has changed some . ''
whether he would admit it or not , he loved this place , too .
a place where people looked out for each other .
` ` is it so hard for you to believe that i might love this place ?
for so long , he 'd thought of springville and the cabot dynasty as a trap ; he 'd refused to allow himself to see the beauty of the place .
he 'd immersed himself in the adventure , the risk , the duty of a job he believed in , and had avoided all thoughts about the place that would always be home to him .
gretchen would have hated this place , while margie clearly thrived in it .
it would be so hard to leave this place .
` ` not all of us were able to do well for ourselves out of high school and leave this place damon , '' she snapped and then cringed at the look of surprise on his face at her reaction .
the place had n't changed in ten years .
we all love this place ... even blake .
once i get the official job offer from epson and callahan interior design in harbor city , i ' m out of here , and this whole place becomes tyrell 's problem . ''
it felt more like home than when she 'd lived in those places .
the disappointment in allison 's expression touched a chord of distress in devon , because the fact that she 'd have of leave all her friends , and the place she 'd come to think of as home , had n't sunk in yet .
this place looked like the shire in lord of the rings .
through my laughter i managed to squeak out , ` ` that 's for being whiny about this place . ''
there was something idyllic about this place that i could n't quite articulate in words .
this place almost made me believe in them again .
a place where there would be no eligible men - at least none that 'd pique her interest .
he did n't have many memories of his mother , but one of the few he had was about this place .
` ` for a young girl , alone in the world , and having no job or viable job prospects ... the world is a scary place . ''
tasha was going to miss this place .
after all , it was the inheritance from walter that 'd allowed him to start the restaurant in the first place .
` ` you really love running this place , do n't you ? ''
nick was going to miss this place .
in some places houses clung precariously at water 's edge , but no one could ever tame this wilderness .
` ` bad place , '' jules muttered sympathetically .
he 'd stepped into a different world with these people - a more solid , tangible , tactile world - and he was suddenly envious of the belonging they obviously felt to this place .
they run the place to such a standard of perfection i 'd be a fool to hire anyone else . '
' you love this place , ' he said with soft seductive persuasion .
would james ever see her as belonging in such a place as this ?
' the point is ... i learnt how the wealthy lived and i spent every cent i earned on going to the in places , mixing with the in people , wearing designer clothes which i found could be snapped up relatively cheaply from secondhand boutiques where ty 's clients off - loaded stuff they 'd only worn once or twice .
social services would probably find some place for her , as they had throughout her childhood and early teenage years - places she 'd hated - and if she was forced back into the welfare system because of her injuries , that sleazy abusive creep might hear of it .
it made her feel very female , meltingly soft , her whole being yearning for his hard strength to envelop her , fill her , take her to places she had never been , places she 'd read about but never experienced in the few unsatisfying sexual encounters she 'd had in the past .
got himself a thorough understanding of what 's involved in running this place . ''
i no longer think of this place as my father 's or lady ellen 's .
the fat duck is nestled in the middle of the english countryside , in a place called bray .
an ugly place .
it is a horrible place , far , far worse than this small , friendly block .
' come and see the place . '
that place is crawling with drug addicts and low - lifes .
like the ocean on a hot day in places like barbados .
her nails , beautifully manicured , strike me as the most civilized thing in that place .
` ` do n't get me wrong , '' nathan said , ` ` i ca n't wait to shake this place .
` ` it 's a beautiful place . ''
birkfield was small , true , but travis had always loved that about the place .
that 's why she 'd gone to a sperm bank in the first place .
you ' ve seen for yourself that the place is n't a sweatshop .
she 'd missed this place almost as much as she 'd missed justice .
` ` loving this place did n't keep you here , '' he pointed out unnecessarily .
the emergency room in any city was a miserable place , justice thought as he paced back and forth across the pale green linoleum .
and last weekend , there were at least thirty little kids running and screaming all over the place . ''
he 'd been working at the tree farm since before ivy was born and he knew the place - and her - very well .
` ` you know , '' he said , his voice a low rumble of sound that seemed to scramble her nerve endings , ` ` i ' m beginning to like this place . ''
if she 'd had to do this remodeling job in a place renowned for rain , it would have been far worse .
even postcards come to life had a few problems , he supposed , which only made this place more real .
she loved the gardens , the topiary statues ; she even loved the smell of the place .
she was in a place she 'd heard about her whole life and she was n't alone .
this place had pretty much been his life for the past ten years .
maybe a place like rafe and katie 's .
anyway , after that , we went to switzerland and now we 're in italy and i think i ' m in love with this place .
but they were small places - mom - and - pop diners , coffee shops and bakeries .
he had places to go .
` ` well , not just you , but this place .
funny , but she had n't even realized until this moment that she 'd already begun to think of this place as home .
rubbing the joints of his hands , he added absently , ` ` i hate this place in the winter .
in fact , '' she declared in a thoughtful voice , ` ` after seeing this place as i have done , i ' m quite convinced pillaging and plundering must be a very profitable thing- '' with that , aunt elinor turned back to the fireplace and politely inquired of the ` ` pillager and plunderer '' who owned the castle , ` ` would you say there is great profit to be had from pillaging and plundering , your grace , or am i mistaken ? ''
and i did n't see a nut in the place , except one poor , wizened chestnut !
` ` in the fust place , '' whitney retorted , drawing a long , suffocated breath while trying to calm herself , ` ` paul sevarin is a gentleman , which you are not !
` ` personally , '' clayton continued almost sociably , ` ` i have always preferred the comforts of my ' dingy ' home to the questionable cleanliness and worn bed linen one usually finds in these places . ''
along the way , sheridan learned even more : ezekiel and mary , a negro couple with skin like smooth shiny coal , springy black hair , and hesitant smiles told her about a place called africa , where their names had been different .
when he nodded , she explained that she 'd been named for a flower that grew in her mother 's land of england , a place across the sea .
the thought of stephen westmoreland willingly setting foot in that place with its ballroom filled with blushing misses fresh from the schoolroom and eager to snag an eligible husband was utterly ludicrous .
look at this place .
now , however , she knew what sort of place he came from ; she 'd seen him with his head under the hood of a truck and grease all over his hands , and he remembered that momentary flash of shock and repugnance on her face .
` ` in the first place , parker is not at all weak , and he was intelligent enough to know his presence would only have complicated a difficult situation .
now let 's clear out of here and let meredith get back to running this place . ''
` ` my brother ted gives self - defense classes , but i thought the idea was silly in a place like keaton and i refused to go .
` ` julie , '' zack said patiently , ` ` in the first place , tommy had a brilliant career as a director ahead of him and he knew it then .
it 's also possible he never wanted to marry her in the first place , and he killed her because she was pressuring him .
zack had grown up here , and it seemed to her this place had left its mark on his personality ; it was like him in a way - formidable , proud , solid , impressive .
the only reason the fbi was involved in the first place was because they had a federal warrant out against benedict for kidnapping .
' ve never been to europe , '' kate said as she turned away and headed back toward the liquor cabinet , amsterdam is one of the places i 'd especially love to see .
night in this place costs more than the down payment on my last car .
' m going to miss this place , '' julie said , glancing over her shoulder .
` ` there 's little point in our pretending you did n't witness what just took place between your mother and me .
this place is more than enough to keep him busy , and his duty is to it , and to me . ''
i ' ve lived in places you ' ve never heard of and i ' ve done things in all of them that would offend all your puritanical sensibilities .
to an outsider , morsham might seem a dull place populated by gossipy peasants , but to thirteen - year - old alexandra , the village and its inhabitants were beautiful .
perhaps children who grew up in remote places like this were better and different - guileless and courageous and unaffected , as alexandra was .
last night he told me he grew up at hawthorne and because of that , the place always makes him feel ' grim . '
` ` i ca n't help thinking , '' she confided when he finished answering a question about women in india who covered their faces and hair in public , ` ` that it is grossly unfair that i was born a female and so must never know such adventures , or see but a few of those places .
` ` no gentleman of consequence or sense would live in such a godforsaken place as this .
he asked , curious that she would speak of the place as if it was everything in the world that mattered to her .
growing up , he 'd known all along that he would leave this place , that he would make his own way in the world , and he 'd succeeded .
being here made him feel uncharacteristically nostalgic , and at the same time it increased his loathing for the tyrannical aristocrat who 'd deliberately disowned his own son and cast him out of this place .
back then i thought that leaving this place would help me .
unfortunately , all of these stunts would point right back to me , and in spite of all the muddled things i ' m feeling about this place , i ' m not willing to get fired just yet .
even for the sake of keeping this place a respectable establishment .
` ` fix this place .
this place has branded jeans ?
they 're wringing all the money out of this place that they can .
` ` so , addison , how did you get roped into cleaning this place up ? ''
` ` it 's not the age that 's the problem with this place , '' he replies .
` ` there are a lot of cool things about this place .
` ` the problem with people who live in places like this is that they think money is everything .
and in comes good old carolson , talking like he 's been pouring his own blood and tears into this damn place , expecting us to drop everything just so he can feel important .
this place is pretty busy for a small , local airport .
` ` this place is n't so bad , all things considered , '' he says .
remember what i said about this place having a bunch of secrets ? ''
but planting some seeds about this place , starting a nasty rumor here or there ... geez , i am evil , are n't i ?
it would feel so good , to bring this place down .
` ` because there 's a lot more going on with this place than you , ms . cunningham .
` ` and for a moment i could forget how much i hate this place . ''
chapter sixteen apparently , though , after i insisted on staying here against the advice of , well , everyone , the universe has decided that it 's not going to let me escape this place easily .
` ` this place was bad for both of us . ''
` ` no , the only place outside of new england i ' ve been to is florida . ''
north salem was n't the most interesting place in the world , especially compared to the places he could travel to whenever he got the urge .
it 's just that you could hang out anywhere in the world and this place seems ordinary .
even now , a few months since her first visit , the place overwhelmed her sometimes .
i love that place .
` ` before i knew it , guns were drawn and shots were fired all over the place .
several wonderful memories of my father and brother resurfaced as we passed areas such as the liberty bell , shops on market street , and old city - all places we visited when i was just a little girl .
` ` your boss must think a lot of you if he puts you up in a place this nice . ''
i just like this place , '' she shrugs .
i ca n't believe he brought me to the place he thought of as his second home while growing up .
` ` it 's another reason i love this place so much .
this place was n't just a place .
` ` i have new evidence that the places where gwen lived are also where hesham lived , at the same time , that she now lives in the same town he did when he died .
that was a great thing to do , farooq , to give as many people as possible a chance to experience the wonder of this place .
but this place was something far more .
and they 'd shared everything , from listening to music , to discussing books , movies , world state and business affairs , to preparing meals and tasting food , to sharing jokes and games and silence , to experiencing every nuance of this place , from its skies to its underwater world , from dawn to dawn .
the tiny , twenty - hour skip , reprising their memorable flight from l.a . to his island , was the reverse of everything that had taken place then .
i ' ve had enough of this place . ''
i had been promoted only six months ago , which earned me the privilege of working under richard in the first place .
how he was the reason i moved from boston to nyc in the first place .
` ` i do love this place though . ''
the two places were pretty close .
this could be a huge opportunity to network with a lot of great places .
do you think these are places you might want to apply ? ''
then , after a few miles on the freeway , my hair whipping in the wind , we got off at an exit that looked nothing like the places we 'd come from .
we were going to leave this place - this horrible place where jax 's demons lived .
we were going to leave this place - this horrible place where jax 's demons lived .
i think i like this place . ''
you do n't know what that place is like . ''
she 'd go gaga over this place .
` ` you have to admit , though , this town has a higher rate of failed relationships than most places . ''
` ` paul , you ' ve got to see this place .
it seems you ' ve been able to connect with each other because you both come from similar places .
this place is a life force for her .
this place was like some cracked and crumbling forgotten museum .
' if he is man enough to pull you free from this place , like his papa pulled that horse free , then he is man enough to give you happiness . '
i ' m not telling my dad either or we 'll have more alarms in this place than fort knox before you know it . ''
i mean are they a good place ?
` ` it was from a place called club 51 and on the back someone had written 7161030 .
this place is all about conspiracies . ''
` ` keep it up and you 'll be the next ghost haunting this place , '' braden said , which just made adam laugh more .
` ` this is a nice place ! ''
vixen or nardo might actually like this place .
` ` i heard that was a nice place . ''
there were fountains and exotic plants all over the place .
` ` this place is nice .
` ` and so , my fellow classmates , i encourage you to leave this place and find yourselves .
i need to know someone in that place has your back when the shrew is around . ''
` ` and so my fellow classmates , i encourage you to leave this place and find yourselves .
you 'll love this place . ''
she could n't seem to shake the notion that new york was a scary place where her daughter was in danger of being accosted at every corner .
it seems like such a gorgeous place with the white beaches .
it sounded like you were almost running the place . ''
this place was usually full of laughing teenagers on a saturday afternoon .
i thought new york was some magical place that was going to change my life .
this place is like melrose place with all the drama that happens here .
this place is like melrose place with all the drama that happens here .
so , all you 'll have to pay is gas and lights and , in this little place , that wo n't be much . ''
this place made you strong , so there 's nothing here that can hurt you anymore . ''
where else would a man marry a lioness but in a place where in ancient times gladiators fought lions for their lives ? ''
` ` this place is incompatible with human sanity . ''
she 'd answered his questions about herself without specifying names or places , and nothing she told him had rung any bells .
` ` this place , these people , are far more than a job to me . ''
it had taken the past four days to cover the place on horse back .
but it is n't because this place meant life to us that i find it amazing .
she left out the main reason why she found this place enchanting .
it 's hard to know what to feel about the place that has seen your best and worst days . ''
` ` stop insulting this wonderful place .
` ` and you dare badmouth this place .
` ` this place is a hundred - star hotel .
in this life , he 'd brought her here for all the wrong reasons , only to send her away before she got more than a tantalizing taste of the place that had forged him into the man she loved .
who in azmahar would want him to set foot there again , let alone rule the damn place ?
he 'd certainly have tourists crawling all over this place if he ever became king .
or at least that he would be so used to this place , he would n't even see its wonders anymore .
he 'd countered they could have used the royal palace of zohayd for free , which was better than both places .
` ` now that i ' ve seen this place , i realize nothing else - and nothing less - could have suited you .
my father is all we got in the way of a parent around this place . ''
` ` that 's for the cousin and sister who was the only beacon of brightness in this gloomy place for over two decades . ''
and i kiss these walls and those walls it 's not love of the place that has taken my heart but of the one who dwelled in these halls . )
` ` you may even change your mind about letting alessandro back into your life , but somebody has to pay the bills in this place while you sort your life out . ''
it 's okay , '' piper said gently , ` ` but i could really use some help around the place from time to time .
piper put her purse on the telephone table in the hall and shrugged off her coat so as not to trail melting snow through the place .
` ` i ca n't believe i never noticed the pcb logo all over the place until you made me drink my first evil glass of beer , '' piper said happily .
` ` this place is some dump , is n't it ? ''
new york is n't the only place where gay men live as couples .
best of all , this place is mostly a college crowd and the guys are n't out cruising for sex . ''
` ` if you love this place , then so do i . ''
he 'd done a little research about pennsylvania dutch country and he 'd seen a few places like that on the internet .
` ` we never heard of any place like that in these parts . ''
this fucking place is the worst . ''
there 's something about this place that freaks me out . ''
` ` what 's the name of the place again ?
this place is starting to freak me out a little . ''
you 're starting to freak me out now more than this fucked - up place . ''
` ` this place is harmless , man , '' he said .
why would he come to a place that offended him ?
hell , its because of men like sutherland that you should nt be in a place like that .
how had nicole ever gotten comfortable in this place dripping with money ?
but as he talked about the people and the lands , he grew more animated , his passion for this place clear .
now he 's walking around this place with his shoulders back and a smirk on his scarred face - because he 's a billion dollars richer .
to leave a place like berezka ?
i ' m not opposed to the idea of having someone , but it 's hard to find a good fit in this city , strange as that sounds in a place with like eight million people . ''
he damned sure intended to do what got my sister pregnant in the first place .
i just know that place has something to do with what 's happened to her . ''
had april been telling her the truth when she 'd said it was n't a bad place ?
she 'd grown up in a dark and scary place , and although her eyes could n't find anything scary about the bucolic scene before them , the fact that her sister was missing kept the same dark presence hovering over it all .
thirty years away from this place had made him a greenhorn with soft hands .
thirty years he 'd gone without seeing this place .
` ` you could write a book on the place . ''
ever being with her in the first place . ''
you had some crazy ideas about this place .
` ` i could get used to this place .
best to get her out of the place before she thought too long and hard about his housekeeping .
it had happened in all sorts of different places , with all different age ranges .
doing the interview in the first place had been an impulse , a moment of weakness where he had n't been able to say no to the man who everyone knew most likely had terminal cancer .
` ` this is a nice place . ''
children ran all over the place , ranging from toddlers to tweens .
` ` i did n't think people came to places like this .
bryan supposed fairy was like a lot of places here on earth .
this place is like a little slice of paradise - the places you see as backdrop for shoots like these and wonder if they 're real .
i ' ve never been to london , and it is n't a place i ever envisioned myself visiting .
it 's celebrity central in this place .
i need to know that , one day , the ring i ' m about to purchase will be on that woman 's finger before i can go ahead and deal with the one who never should have had a ring in the first place . ''
i know you 'll miss the place but- '' ` ` actually , i do n't .
i want you to have a night away from this place and its tensions .
` ` now are you ready to hear how i ended up in this godforsaken place with only marco for company ? ''
it 's a dusty old place that nobody likes to go into . ''
because despite the one - hundred - eighty - degree turn in his parents , he still could n't envision sam growing up anywhere near here , the place that destroyed her mother .
in between reassuring her that charlotte would be fine , coop distracted her by asking questions about places she 'd visited on her travels .
` ` but his attitude drove us apart , not this place ! ''
` ` you hate this place . ''
not that she planned to travel , but the dream of faraway places had beckoned to her for as long as she could remember .
later , after she 'd grown up and realized he was n't ever coming back for good , she 'd substituted the dream of him taking her with him to traveling and seeing these places for herself .
she 'd simply put her father and her past out of her mind , and enjoy the fantasy of travel and seeing wonderful new places .
you lived in new york , you cherish the books about foreign places .
` ` do you run this place by yourselves ? ''
` ` i shut the door from the office to stop the worst of the odor from getting into the changing rooms , and i opened the windows all the way , hoping to air the place out . ''
this trip back had taught him yorkshire falls was n't just a place to visit , it was home , with all the baggage that word entailed .
she did n't think of the place with nearly the longing she once had .
i ' ve never had a sleep - over myself as a child so i thought i 'd give hannah the experience in a place that feels like home to her , you know ? ''
it was n't like rick or yorkshire falls , both places she 'd be putting her faith in .
she experienced a brief twinge of regret that she was n't here to visit and get to know the place where her mother had grown up .
and for the time she was here , sloane decided she 'd like to get to know this place too .
` ` that place is the epitome of slime , '' kendall said , slipping back into her seat .
` ` i 'd think it would be nice to grow old in a place where everyone knows and accepts you for who you are . ''
` ` i always told you that place was too small , but you would n't listen .
` ` this place used to be boring ' til you started working here .
she was used to being stared at in this place , though she could never for the life of her fathom what it was that people thought was worth staring at .
the bloke was very much mistaken if he thought that a little staring would unnerve her - when you worked in a dodgy place like this you had to learn to get used to it pretty quick .
here he was digging deep for the strength not to drag her out the place , make her promise never to jet off like that again and then f**k her ' til she could n't take any more .
she had always made a point not to have any such things having grown up in a place where things generally were n't yours for long .
` ` the place is still in the process of being cleaned .
` ` we want to bring this place back to its former glory .
` ` i sure told that coffee pot who the boss is in this place . ''
' he seriously needs to get a life outside this place .
i was reading all kinds of things into ben 's greeting which was probably what i was supposed to be doing , but it felt bad to be doing it in a place we were supposed to be so serious and mature .
this place stinks like witches . ''
every anchor i thought i had keeping me firmly tied to this place and its people felt like it was dragging me down somewhere i did n't want to be - into a dark abyss very much like the one i thought i 'd left behind in the human world , where everyone else decided what was best for me and disregarded what i wanted .
` ` talk to me about hating this place after you ' ve been dismembered , '' said tim .
how am i going to get out of this place without giving away my secret , if everyone keeps talking to me ?
this place is giving me the creeps . ''
i might too if i were stuck here , just to have a distraction from how awful this place was .
` ` getting a whole map of the place ? ''
` ` did n't want to turn this place into a gas chamber . ''
i could take a trip to wherever this place was twice a year to have a little chit - chat with a dragon .
` ` sorry , but there 's no way in hell i ' m going to a place like that . ''
he could walk from this place with any woman there , and she 'd be more than happy to be on his arm , no matter what ensued .
a few more times with other men and she could get away from this place , leave seattle even , and she and justin could live happily - just the two of them .
and when the marriage ended , as it inevitably would , she would leave this place behind and , if she was lucky , leave the memories behind too .
i knew three years ago that you were going places .
you mean you were hoping to go to a place a lot more fancy . ''
` ` do i need to call the fire department before this place goes up in flames ? ''
when mckenzie had told him he did n't know what it was like to be in a small place , he could have corrected her , but he 'd chosen not to .
she 's all over the damn place this winter .
three years in italy , and two in france had allowed me to experience other places and practice the native languages first - hand .
it was months before i could get up there to see the place . ''
i guess if i 'd felt better about myself i could have figured things out , but then if i 'd felt better about myself i would have never gone to that party in the first place and ended up on that pool table . ''
lots of things changed after that place .
this place was something else all right , shades of mr . darcy 's pemberley with a dash of mr . rochester 's thornfield hall thrown in .
not much help in a place with millions of the same right now .
` ` i ' m very glad about that , mrs . blackstone , because after we were here together i could n't get this place out of my head .
` ` that 's true , but you 'll finally get to bring brynne up to scotland so she can see the place . ''
` ` i love you , beautiful wife , '' he said with a wicked grin , ` ` but i still think we should shag on the beach at least once before we leave this place . ''
i would be a mom soon , and there would be places to go with my baby .
` ` what you have to understand about victims of trauma , and from what you ' ve just told me , ethan has suffered - and survived - trauma in the extreme , is that they will do almost anything to avoid having to be reminded of what traumatized them in the first place .
and right then , this place was the best that i could do .
on the whole , it was a nice place .
i 'd certainly seen worse places , and as i sat at the bar and looked the joint over with a cop 's eye , nothing wonky popped for me .
like i said , it 's important for me to keep an eye on the place . ''
` ` this place , '' i said to tyler , tamping down an unwelcome rush of jealousy .
and since evan loves the place as much as i do , we mostly live here . ''
i mean , look at this place . ''
` ` so tell me about the place . ''
tristan and i had n't flown or driven in together , even though we 'd come from the same place .
` ` i run the place .
her career took her to places that were miles above the places he 'd been to .
hell , you run this place .
no need to embarrass her by having her brother haul her out of the place .
far too innocent for the likes of what a place like the house offered its patrons .
he 'd expected her to hate it , to beg him to stop , and then he could tell her to get her ass out of the place and never come back .
he could go places .
` ` besides this place , i have homes in turks and caicos , london , paris , and another in a tiny village on the mediterranean coast of italy .
she was living on an island about hundred and fifty miles southeast , in a place called oia .
` ` so what 's your excuse for staying in this god - awful place ? ''
` ` now let 's get out of this place .
at least she had some protection , although he still wished she 'd picked a place that was just a little more populated .
it just was n't right that a young boy should be forced to live in such an unsavory , blatantly dangerous place as the farrell farm .
` ` i ' m assuming you live in this godforsaken place ? ''
` ` you look an awful lot like him , wandering around this place .
` ` what an awful place . ''
` ` you ca n't understand this place .
` ` this place is disgusting .
he 'd parked himself in a bar stool , ordered a drink , and said one thing and one thing only , as he nodded , surveying the joint , ` ` yeah , i like this place .
no one ever guessed where he was from because it was the kind of place you were n't usually from .
of all the places he could be from she 'd never have thought it would be the one place that had so much in common with her present , and the life of gambling she led .
the world was a nasty , violent place , and if she could bring about happiness through more orgasms , then that was her small contribution .
there are dozens of places on the west coast that handle that .
as long as she can handle the place , i do n't see a problem . ''
you like a more refined kind of place , '' erin said trying to make me feel better but only making me feel worse .
i hear that place is wild .
when the time came , i 'd manage lola like i managed everything else in this fucking place .
` ` you 're going to love this place .
i like this place . ''
` ` i do n't want to think of that fucking place .
i have all this money and i never even go on vacation to other places .
who had come to the carousel club and had taken me out of that place to protect me .
a few hours and we 'd have to hose the place down , you know ? ''
i could n't imagine him having any good memories of the place after hearing about his childhood , but his whole personality seemed lighter just being there .
this place can be rough , and we 're supposed to protect them . ''
look at this place !
` ` no wonder you love this place ! ''
` ` you know he 's got cameras all over this place .
it was like old times , except in a place ten times the size .
it 's time you got the hell out of this place .
i used the call button instead of running out the door screaming the place down like i wanted to .
if only all these tourists knew about what went on just out of sight , the fighter thinks , looking around at the colorful strip , this place would be a ghost town before daybreak .
i grew up in fairfield , connecticut , about the nicest place you could possibly imagine .
looking around at declan 's brothers , the feisty ladies of the forty - five club , the dusty jukebox and the scraped - up pool table , i have to say that i would n't mind if this place became my home , too .
` ` well , this place has n't changed a bit , '' lorenzo says , casting his eyes about the room .
it 's so peculiar seeing a piece of my old life here in this place .
and how strange that we ' ve both ended up in the orbit of this place ?
but of course they 're not , that place is their home .
leo asks , handing me a second helmet , ` ` we ' ve got places to be , baby . ''
` ` i ' m glad you get to see this place , '' leo says , slipping his arm around my waist , ` ` i do n't bring many people here . ''
and you were in a pretty rough place recently , were n't you ? ''
it 'll be so thrilling to work in such a vibrant place .
no one 's been able to coax the cat out of the place since .
` ` this place is not exactly what i expected .
` ` nice place , '' i say lightly , running my hands down his cut arms .
he smiled into the darkness , thinking of the wardrobe he would drape her lovely figure into as soon as he could get her out of this place .
just look at this place .
the more i thought about the place , the more i felt better .
` ` then i think you 're going to like this place . ''
` ` i ' ve never heard of such a place . ''
why are you hanging around this place ?
this place though ... he grew up here ?
if i had known what they were doing in bedford i would have burned the place to the ground myself . ''
but this place ?
he really should get the hell away from this place .
not to mention witnessing the crime in the first place .
to a place called the , uh , dunthorpe centre .
then she left , and tierney began the depressing business of accepting that this place was his reality for a while .
this place ought to have something similar , right ?
` ` nice place , t. '' huh .
` ` i did n't even think you liked the place . ''
at one point i started to say something about that , but max gave me a wide - eyed look that told me to wait until we were out of the place .
` ` of course , '' he said , ` ` next time i 'd probably go over there and bust the place up with a baseball bat . ''
you know , the same place my ex - boyfriend came from ?
` ` do n't take this place too seriously .
new york city is not a place with abundant summer jobs .
` ` i ' ve always thought this place should have been the inspiration for oz .
he was no stranger to this place , to naked fun in the sun , to what went on over on the ' adult side ' of the beach .
he had told me that the place in the berkshires ' was n't him ' and i was hoping that i would get the chance to see a place that really reflected his style .
` ` i love the place !
` ` to another place from my youth .
we ca n't possibly do the whole place in a few hours . ''
it was actually quite a pretty place with gentle hills still covered with green lawns and a nice scattering of mature trees .
this place is insane .
right now a tour of this place with calder actually sounds like a nice distraction .
this place is making me crazy , but i wo n't let it defeat me .
he loves that place .
sometime later we 'll have to start thinking about the sort of relationship we might have outside this place , removed from the magic of this house , beyond the games and the sex that brought us together .
at a place as small as this , you learn to wear more than a few hats . ''
` ` i really do love this place , '' asher says , glancing around my office .
` ` you were practically raised in this place , were n't you ? ''
` ` i 'd do anything for this place . ''
` ` as you said , i grew up in this place .
nonprofit institutions struggle and close every day , and you are what sets this place apart .
he 's ashamed of this place .
i ' m sure he 's seen far stranger things in this place . ''
you expose the secrets of a place like this , and they cease to mean anything .
but if louisa has any idea what emotional shit her brother 's been through over that place , she does n't show it .
yes , i had an overactive imagination , but it was totally warranted in a place as big as this .
she was royally pissed and throwing up picket signs all over the damn place .
to make matters worse , i found out the truth behind why she put her body up for sale in the first place .
if i were being honest , chicago was a place i loved , the place i grew up , but i was n't ready to go back .
if i were being honest , chicago was a place i loved , the place i grew up , but i was n't ready to go back .
* * * ` ` great balls of christ this place is insane ! ''
it came from a good place , i knew that .
` ` i got some supplies to fix this place a bit .
watertown is where we lived the longest , the place that finally started to feel like home .
we moved around a lot when i was growing up , so it 's not really a place to me .
i mean , maybe it 's safe in other places , but not new york city .
an italian place , it turns out .
it 's late afternoon on saturday , and as much as i love my mother , and am grateful to get the chance to spend some time with her , i ' m already bored shitless in this place .
he once more makes it up to my room without anyone signing him in , slipping right past the flimsy security of the dorm , reminding me how unsafe a place like this can be .
` ` because i 'd like to get the hell out of this place . ''
with each step , my raw and stretched body reminds me of what just took place .
a few weeks ago , i would have never believed places like this existed .
max is still sound asleep , thank goodness , oblivious to what just took place .
i ' m not sure if she 's talking about our her initial drunken advice that i should come out here in the first place , or her later advice when she encouraged me to stay , but i ' m glad i listened to leila - both times - and i ' m glad she was right .
` ` right now this place far exceeds the beauty of mine because it 's filled with people who care about you .
` ` interesting place .
he hates those places , but he agreed and that 's where he met naomi .
nice place . ''
this place is n't what i thought it was .
` ` what she means is , this place is very cliquey .
` ` you have a lot to learn about this place , '' i told him .
` ` i like everything about this place , '' he said .
you know how this place is . ''
you know how this place is ; it 's a slippery slope to the bottom . ''
` ` this place can get a little rowdy . ''
` ` i 'll never understand how the people in that place are so blind .
and even if it was n't , you ca n't work in a place like that when someone so senior has it out for you .
` ` i know this situation is awful for you , and god knows that being in this place is n't making it any easier . ''
the world seemed to have turned into a much more dangerous place , virtually overnight , and in this dimension of secret societies and covert kidnappings , waking up with a killer hangover might have a different meaning entirely .
this place is a bore without you . ''
the location was address to many of the who 's who of the city , and while i enjoyed the change of scenery from the lackluster places i 'd seen so far , i worried how far out of the budget this would fall .
` ` you made no bones about hating this place when we looked at it . ''
i looked out the window , noticing all the little ways the outskirts of chicago were different from boston , the place i 'd called home for years now .
` ` not as much as other places . ''
she is n't spry enough to run this place on her own , she was n't years ago when they made me do it after dad ... '' ` ` what ?
the place was dirtier than ever .
the place is even nastier to live in than usual .
when kade looked at her like that , she remembered how she 'd ended up pregnant in the first place .
in the last couple of weeks i started complaining to him about this place and how bad it 'd gotten .
he and agnes were married for sixty years , so i ca n't fathom why he 'd leave this place and never look back . ''
` ` like this place ? ''
` ` what other places ? ''
` ` oh , you mean quit comin ' to ziggy 's to watch my wife dance with every good - for - nuthin ' loser in this place ? ''
and now he 's living in a strange place .
she 'd put down roots in sundance , more so than in any other place she 'd resided , but the temptation to leave existed .
fancy place .
every time i come back from a trip i realize how much i love this place and how i never want to leave it . ''
making friends all over the damn place and finding fun and solace in a damn barn .
she raced inside , fearing the worst , since hayden and kane were supposed to be on an overnight camping trip - the only reason she 'd agreed to a girls ' night out in the first place .
` ` pretty place , riverton . ''
` ` i do too go places by myself .
` ` which is why we both joined this club in the first place .
she 'd never tell me why the place had such a pull on her .
cleaned the place top to bottom .
taking out the damn loan in the first place is what had caused him to lose ainsley .
` ` this place is no more a freak parade than the golden boot , where you troll for pu**y every weekend . ''
` ` i do n't know how in the hell i did n't see past the way you ' ve showed up in sundance actin ' like you own the place , leading me around by my nose . ''
i mean , since he 's got money you 'd think he 'd be going cool places all the time .
i 'd go in and gut the place .
` ` you should know i was out there wrestling with whether i could leave the only place i ' ve ever known and move to arizona .
` ` come on , sugar , we got places to be . ''
` ` do n't know what the hell we were thinkin'-the place is a money pit . ''
as easy as it 'd be to say the place becomes a pigsty when colt is home with them , that 's not even close to the truth .
she figured since the old place and old name was gone , then her lifetime ban oughta be lifted too . ''
` ` brave enough to leave this place straight away ?
he 'd only kissed her to make it clear who was boss around the place .
she 'd applied to a few more places than andrew , but not enough to qualify her to give him advice about where to go to college .
nathan had been angry at layla for choosing andrew ten years ago , but he 'd also taken advantage of her memory loss , manipulated her into both signing that contract and staying in his bed , and now he was going to make it very difficult for her to be with his brother , a man who everyone would agree was probably much better suited to her , a man he 'd stolen her from in the first place .
werewolves tended to live in places like colorado and alaska , places with cold weather where their higher body temperatures would n't cause them undue discomfort during the summer .
your queen is from a faraway place , but her suffering is not uncommon .
the first is to give her reasons to love this place , to love you . ''
when they did , it was usually in fairly libertarian places like alaska , south dakota , and new hampshire , states that liked their freedoms and were n't as scared of the north american lupine council as others .
sadly , funds for social service grants were being cut all over the place , even as demands for those services were going up .
` ` guess he too good for this place now , '' her mother had said .
it was monday , technically the night after their disastrous wedding dinner , but despite what had taken place between he and his wife that morning , nothing had changed .
` ` did you ever have friends in any of those places ? ''
man , how he missed that place .
` ` hell of a place you come from , kat . ''
it was a dismal place .
i make a lot of money and friends in this place . ''
the minute desiderius left , he flipped out in the main hall and has been tearing the place apart ever since . ''
` ` very nice place . ''
for the first time ever , he hated this place .
nick had loved this place .
it 's not a pretty place .
it 's not a really big place , only about ten square miles or so .
they busted up the place pretty badly and killed amaranda 's sister . ''
instead she hated this place with an unreasoning fervor .
there were all kinds of unsavory beings who called this place home .
` ` i know it does nothing for you , mor , but that just made getting on an airplane and coming to this godforsaken place worthwhile .
i hated this place and it bothered me much that acheron had been confined here these many months .
all he 'd been doing for the last two days was dreaming of escaping this place if only for a brief time .
this place is itty - bitty . ''
honestly , she preferred the hole jericho had lived in on earth to this place .
which , given this place , was n't that unlikely a fear .
jericho tried not to commiserate with the poor souls trapped in this dismal place .
it was the same foreign place that had defied zeus to save her life .
` ` you know this place is really girly . ''
` ` we got gators moving in all over the place . ''
there 's a pall over this place and the bears are racking up enemies faster than wal - mart rakes in sales .
she comes in like a drill sergeant and white - gloves the place every morning . ''
she alone had made him believe that the world was a beautiful place and that the people in it were n't all vicious animals out to punish everyone around them .
it was an ugly place sometimes .
` ` then why do you run this place ? ''
he had been in such a rush to leave this place .
` ` worse than this place ? ''
` ` you know this place well . ''
` ` i hate this place , daddy .
not even in this place , where illegal activities were happening all over .
you know how rough that place is .
i would n't leave a rabid dog at the mercy of the vermin who inhabit this place .
then again , he was probably used to such places .
he lived in such a harsh place that she was n't sure anything would ever reach him there .
pushing her out of his thoughts , he prepared to launch and get out of this place before they made him a memory and proved syn 's adage .
` ` i thought you had too much to do to be hanging out in this place . ''
you 're an adult who still thinks the world is a beautiful place , filled with people who will help you just for the sake of being nice .
unlike other places , the vertan enforcers ensure that high - profile people like me can come and go without complications . ''
have you any idea what they do to boys in those places ?
this place was disgusting .
` ` this place is so ... you , '' he finished .
i could n't ask her to stay here when i know how much this place scares her . ''
he 'd been banned from much nicer places than this , and at least there he 'd had people who 'd actually cared for him ... at least for a few years .
this place makes me depressed . ''
` ` did tristan come from the same place ? ''
` ` you were supposed to put laurette and that rock somewhere safe , not bring it around this place . ''
` ` i zigzagged all over the place for the past four hours . ''
` ` that place sucks , quinn .
in a place that was very likely wall - to - wall witches in some form , he did n't want her to use her real name even if somebody might recognize her face .
she 'd need sunglasses for this place even if she did n't have sensitive eyes .
` ` i will leave this savage place forever , '' she declared .
what was that horrible place ? ''
` ` you once liked this place . ''
this place is getting to me .
he probably walks around this place feeling ten feet tall , superior to all.- thronos had never thought of it that way .
enough with this bloody place !
for all the suffering lanthe had borne just to reach sargasoe , she was excited to behold such an exotic place .
` ` i want to get far away from this wretched place . ''
` ` you know i 'd go nuts if i never got away from this place . ''
` ` newspapers love to talk about how this place is different .
stories of a place where students seemed to die at a higher rate than any other boarding school in the country .
colin never understood why it was a surprise that kids died or disappeared more frequently here than other places from things like exposure , pneumonia , and suicide .
this place is the most intense thing he 's ever seen , and lucy feels better than anything , than everything , even than warm water running down cold skin or the first bloom of sugar on his tongue .
once i ' ve showered and dressed , i get a pastry at the tiny patisserie two blocks from our building , where i chat with the american girl who works there , simone , and then either walk or take the metro to a place i ' ve never been before .
how did i find someone so easy and perfect in las vegas of all places ?
we change trains at invalides and the whole process feels so familiar - dodging other bodies through the tunnels , following signs , boarding another train without thinking anymore - that i ' m struck with the painful thought that no matter how much it 's starting to feel that way , this place is n't really my home .
a place of green valleys , of dark woods and bright water , of lakes and mountains , and alicante , the city of glass towers .
simon supposed it was a nice change of pace for her to be able to show her marks off in a place where no one would think them out of the ordinary .
` ` yeah , idris works its magic on everyone - even those like jace who have reason to hate the place . ''
` ` god , it 's been years since i ' ve seen this place .
at renwick 's , valentine had called this place home , had showed it to jace in the portal mirror , a gilt - edged memory of green fields and mellow stone , but that , clary thought , had been a lie too .
` ` i never thought i 'd see this place again , '' jocelyn went on .
it would be ironic if that was the case , considering why valentine did it in the first place .
every nerve in her body was screaming that there was something very wrong with this place .
under other circumstances she would have expected her brother to sense the weirdness of the place just like she did , but he was clearly too sunk in gloom about magnus to concentrate .
and you 'll be ruling this place in a few weeks .
this place gives me the creeps . ''
the legends surrounding the adamant citadel made it sound like a forbidding , distant place , and the iron sisters were seen far more rarely than the silent brothers .
part two certain dark things i love you as one loves certain dark things -pablo neruda , ` ` sonnet xvii '' 8 fire tests gold maia had never been to long island , but when she thought of it at all , she 'd always thought of it as being a lot like new jersey - mostly suburban , a place where people who worked in new york or philly actually lived .
but it was also a real place , one she had grown up knowing about , wanting to visit .
` ` the way they talked about edom , i know it was a real place , or a real place to them . ''
` ` i thought you might wish to know that your sister and adoptive brother have just left this place , '' said the queen .
she wondered if days and nights were the same in this place , or if the hours were different , the rotations of this planet subtly misaligned .
this place is going to affect us more than it does the others .
emma had always thought she would come to alicante for the first time with her parents , that her mother would show her the places she had known growing up , the now - closed academy where her mother had gone to school , her grandparents ' house .
a burning wind blew past her , carrying with it the tang of ancient deserts , of a place where miracles were common and the divine was manifest in fire .
` ` used to be an exciting place .
it was a lovely place , there was no doubt about that .
this place is n't really the most romantic .
` ` this place has natural quartzite deposits but no luxen that i ' m aware of . ''
` ` this place reeks . ''
i 'd rather take a shower in the moldy school stalls than go into this place .
` ` i guess i know why you like this place . ''
the world 's a pretty big place .
` ` purgatory is nowhere near as entertaining as this place is . ''
` ` leave this place .
` ` i ' m already in shit with isaiah , because of this place , and you know this . ''
kevin would be running the place .
he told me that if i caused a scene , he 'd light up the place , '' i said , and my gaze shifted to clyde .
one day i would be old enough to leave this place .
that place was expensive , and from the look of sienna 's car , she did n't need to be paying high prices for her damn hair .
you all already know that he 's gone through rehab since then and is in a better place now .
they left empty coke bottles and chip bags all over the place .
but i would n't turn this place into a slaughterhouse .
` ` after nathan died and veronique decided to be mummified , we left this place for north america .
more sharks than i had ever seen in one place , schooling together in a circular whirl as if preparing for a feeding frenzy .
or kill him in the first place ! ''
this place would be crawling with emergency crews soon enough anyway .
chapter 3 reese ` ` you know they rob you blind when you rent a room to yourself at these places , '' i announce , as i stumble into ben 's hotel room .
` ` this place is pretty sweet . ''
` ` this place is great , '' nicki purrs in a soft voice .
this place is her life .
` ` this place is my life .
forget what this place looked like ? ''
` ` there 's something really special about this place , is n't there ?
` ` do you seriously like this place ? ''
while western films do n't seem to be my thing , i like the feel of this place .
` ` his grandfather showed up here a month after papa died , trying to scam me out of this place .
` ` this place is pretty ... sterile .
` ` this place sucks , livie .
this place is different though .
now he 's encouraging me not to work here because i ' m too good for the place . ''
it was a dive compared to this place .
some places are more strict than others , but they 're all the same .
that 's the thing about this place .
` ` people catch hiv and hepatitis from those places !
probably why this place is so wild .
and so , at eleven years old and still half - dead from a flu that saved me from the car accident in the first place , i got out of bed and showered .
he had less than a year to go for a princeton degree and he decided that he wanted to see it through , regardless of his reason for being there in the first place .
looking back over the past year , i ca n't believe how ashton and i came from such different family situations - mine a place of love , his a place of pain - and yet we ended up in exactly the same spot at exactly the same time : learning how to make our own choices .
and then i look at my employees ' faces - the ones who i know will end up at a place like sin city without me - and the metal teeth of the trap around my chest dig in tighter .
or more important , why she has it in the first place .
in fact , he hardly ever refers to this place by its name .
i was better off in the roach - infested place .
` ` this place is nice , '' i admit , peering out over the white railing to biscayne bay just below .
` ` i ' m really starting to hate that place . ''
was n't anybody in that place with a lick a ' sense , if you ask me .
scotland must seem like any other place to which he had at times dragged her or his other attendants .
but you , anton , your cooperation was necessary for what took place .
` ` this place is spooky , you are right . ''
how dreadful to spend one 's life in this place , he thought .
the place was going to be choked with them .
` ` i do see the charm of this place , '' she said .
the offspring was much loved and cared for by both parents , though if it was a daughter , it might be taken away after a while to a place where only women lived .
good spots on lakes and rivers and on the coast were better , but no place was paradise , no place was the endless fountain of warmth and plenty that had been the lost land .
indeed , in most places it was no more than legend , and certain towns , for the new settlements were nothing less than that , would pay a fortune for a taltos , but men no longer hunted for them , and some did not believe anymore that there had ever been such strange beasts .
another development took place .
poor child , to grow up in this place .
guess you could get used to a tilted house , but the very idea of living in a place that was half flooded was perfectly- the lightning let go with a flash like midday , and the hall came to life , wallpaper , ceilings , and transoms above the doors , and the old chandelier dripping dead cords from two sockets .
and the sad account of the place to which the taltos brought such misery , not once , but again and again , if all our stories are history .
we were the groaning underbelly of a place so vast and vital and overwhelming it made the castle seem a monstrous confection .
the place was a slaughterhouse .
` ` honestly , charlotte , '' she was saying , ` ` when will you admit that henry has n't anything to do with running this place , and that you 're doing it all by yourself ?
` ` we can still get away from this place , '' he said .
it was his idea that i lure young carstairs and herondale out of the place with a far - fetched tale , that i might enter unmolested . ''
and since she turned you down for a job , and since you would n't be here in this place if it were n't for her , that should n't bother you at all . ''
now , looking at this place , i wonder why i ever believed it .
not abnegation , the place i am trying to get away from .
but faerie is bigger than england , as it is bigger than the world ( for , since the dawn of time , each land that has been forced off the map by explorers and the brave going out and proving it was n't there has taken refuge in faerie ; so it is now , by the time that we come to write of it , a most huge place indeed , containing every manner of landscape and terrain ) .
thus it was , that when the little hairy man arrived back from the village of revelry ( although why it was so called no man alive could say , for it was a gloomy , somber place , and had been for time out of mind ) he found tristran sitting glumly beside a hawthorn bush , wrapped in a blanket , and bewailing the loss of his hat .
i , and a few others about the place . ''
busted up the place pretty good . ''
maybe you can diffuse the mood around this place .
` ` so what miraculous feat of engineering brought modern plumbing to this schwag place ? ''
the fact that his beautiful wife had hailed from this place of madness always astounded him .
if he desired to be with her , then he either had to persuade her to come back or prevent her from leaving in the first place .
` ` but you loved this place . ''
she would never have guessed what beings lurked in the bowels of that place .
the lore is a violent place , good for business , '' he said , then snapped his fingers .
and i 'll vow to the lore ... not to tell of this place . ''
` ` so what 's this place called anyway ? ''
in the two weeks that i ' ve been here , i ' ve learned much about this place .
` ` chase , you were n't meant to run this place .
if regin ever did escape this place , she 'd be endangered from this defeat .
without the override , incendiary bombs would detonate all over the island , wiping this place off the map .
` ` how do we get out of this place ?
if she hated this place now , it 'd only get worse the higher they got .
` ` if nothing else , i ' m finally going to see the inside of that place , '' he said to the remaining kittens , and they curled up in an uncaring little gray ball .
` ` everyone who 's been to school has read about this place . ''
` ` but you come from the same place . ''
` ` but we are n't from the same place , are we ? ''
` ` why do you live in a place like this ? ''
he wondered how much time she 'd been forced to spend here , who she 'd been forced to stay here with - his rage sparked - and if she even liked the place .
` ` plus , we ' ve got cameras all over the place , '' number two proclaimed .
` ` by the way , this place is not a dump . ''
this place is a dump , '' another agent - in - training said as she folded her shirts and jeans and placed them in the nightstand next to her bed .
she licked her lips , wishing there were some other way to leave this place .
she hated everything about this place .
that 's the best part about my job - with every new discovery we learn that the world is a bigger place than any of us ever realized . ''
you 're the only one in this place who thinks so , so you 're it .
as you said , that 's a big damn place .
i can either burn the place down or take a measly pair of gloves . ''
he might have slept with others all those years ago because he 'd been desperate to flee this place , but it had been her face he 'd imagined when he 'd done so .
heaven was not a place she 'd ever thought to visit .
gwen had asked to be taken to a deserted stretch of ice in alaska , of all places .
hell was a place she despised , but a place sabin kept convincing her to return to - to ` ` help '' aeron through recon work , the warrior always said .
he 'd blow the place up on principle alone .
his precious baby girl had returned to hell , a place she despised , all because an honest - to - the - gods angel had been watching aeron , skulking in the shadows , invisible , waiting for ... something .
in hell , you 'll be able to do things and go places aeron and amun ca n't . ''
centuries had passed , she no longer looked like an innocent maiden in need of a strong warrior 's aid , and as many freaky places as they 'd been , they 'd met other women named haidee .
instantly agitated , the demon prowled through his skul , hatred for this place wel ing up .
one day , they would be free of this place .
he could give her light , even though he had a thousand questions about this ` ` better place '' and this ` ` better '' ruler , and her suffering and her dreams .
i could have anyone right now , and no , that is n't ego or a front , it 's just me telling you that now that sex knows i ' m committed , he 's making me hard for every damn female in the place , or he was , and he can again , but i do n't want them and i wo n't take them . ''
two different places , in two different times .
humans would pay to view and scoff at them , especially in the dark , seedy recesses of a place like this .
a place that never wanted her to be happy .
had she listened to nicolai , had she freed him when he 'd wanted , they would have been far , far away from this dreadful place .
this place is dangerous .
that 's what they call this place , you know .
how did he fit into this place , with these creatures ?
this place is crazy big . ''
and if desert gall had done - or would do - the same in pb 's place .
there were recorders all over the place .
we do n't need stoplights , either , but in some places they dangle precariously over the road like they might crash down any minute .
some places in the city are not like that .
this place warped him and ruined him , and i do n't care if saying that makes me a stiff , i do n't care , i do n't care ! ''
` ` i ' m really going to miss this place , '' she says .
she is eager to leave , to escape this place where her brother was murdered and she rose to prominence only to be thwarted by a factionless woman who was n't supposed to be alive .
` ` she came from this place .
whatever this place is , it has not needed to be as pragmatic as our city .
it 's so strange to have a name for the place that was always just home to me .
where i grew up , tragedy is all over the place .
this place is both my ancient and my recent history .
and all of the scientists and leaders are gps - genetically pure , descendants of people who resisted the genetic engineering movement in the first place .
i decided to discover my mother 's thoughts about it instead - she wrote several entries about her first impressions of the compound , the strange cleanliness of the place , how everyone smiled all the time , how she fell in love with the city by watching it in the control room .
` ` there are a lot of secrets in this place , '' she says .
` ` i ' m having trouble understanding why this place is preferable to city life , '' i say .
i was beginning to feel that i had finally found a place to stay , a place that was not so unstable or corrupt or controlling that i could actually belong there .
but i think she had fallen in love with the place from afar and could n't resist it . ''
rather than succumbing to an adoption system overburdened with orphans , my siblings and i ran to the fringe - the same place where your mother also took refuge , years later - and only i came out of there alive . ''
as much automatic , abnegation - bred sympathy as i have for the people living in this place , i am also afraid of them .
` ` that makes you hate that place .
we can pretend that we do n't belong there anymore , while we 're living in relative safety in this place , but we do .
the sun has slipped behind the buildings of chicago , and in the distance i hear a train rushing over the rails , but we are moving away from this place and all that it has meant to us , and that is all right .
` ` you ' ve got places to be , kiddo . ''
more than you 're making now , in a place with half the cost of living than la . ''
but i googled the place and found out there was a murder in the parking lot just a week ago . ''
the city of surrey was n't like any place i 'd lived before .
the world was a really messed - up place if he believed that .
` ` so , i hope you like this place . ''
` ` how come this place is n't infested with all - inclusive resorts ? ''
` ` and this place ?
surely this place had one .
but they ' ve been experimenting with those damned jars all over the place , and they 're really nasty . ''
` ` this place is loathsome .
this was the reason he 'd come to new york in the first place ; he 'd been spending some quality time with an old - very , very old - friend who might help with this problem .
it was quite a nice place actually .
` ` the place is an improvement over the new york winter weather , is it not , goddess ? ''
` ` this place gives me the heebie - jeebies .
granted , mexican winters were pretty nice compared to most places , but the shorter days and rising before dawn took its toll on her spirits .
several new eco - resorts , tons of swimmers , enormous houses - the place looked so different .
it was her life , and she did n't want to live it in this place .
hotter in other places .
twenty - two standing outside of the court of the gods under the warm winter sun , ashli felt relieved to leave the strange place .
was that because people had been murdered in this place ?
there are traps all over the place , '' said a deep , familiar male voice .
can you believe this place ? ''
this place was clinical and bland .
this place that had been a source of happiness for me , had now become something much more sinister .
if i had just broken up with olivia in the first place ... '' i put my fingers over his mouth to quiet him .
this place pretty much sucks balls , '' garrett stated and i let out a loud snort at his choice of words .
` ` this place is worse than i thought , '' garrett said more to himself .
and it was a f**king dark and horrible place . ''
` ` this place is seriously unbelievable .
no , this was a place i had loved before he came along and i realized that i could still enjoy being here .
it 's hard to imagine a place that could make principal morgan 's reign seem like anarchy .
my whole life growing up , i 'd dreamed of getting out of mississippi , until i left for college and slowly realized that small town was the only place i wanted to be .
every weekday after i dropped jonathan off at kindergarten , i would slip in the back door of the ratty old house i 'd grown up in , pushing aside the memories of that place .
i could n't help but wonder if they 'd protect troy because they 'd rather keep the secrets of this place than have them exposed .
` ` this place is perfect for me , do n't you think ? ''
impressing people had never been something i was interested in , but something about these two told me i would fare better pretending to fit into a place where i so obviously did not .
a place that meant nothing .
it was like aly and christopher knew how difficult going back to the place where we all grew up together would be for me , and the short trip was given as a moment of silence .
showing my face around here when it should have been wiped clean from this place .
told me he was looking to get this place off his hands . ''
` ` look at this place .
my gut told me to split , to hop on my bike and put as much distance between me and this insufferable place as possible .
the moment that fol owed had nearly ruined me , almost unable to bear what was taking place .
a gentle huff came through my nose , an appreciation of those memories that had been buried beneath the pressure that had come from this place .
i wished she were here to experience the place where i 'd grown up .
` ` it 's nothing like this place .
` ` this place is so amazing , david . ''
except , i did n't really want to be around this place any longer than absolutely necessary .
` ` this place has so many of those stories .
` ` when i was a kid , we used to find secret passages all over this place . ''
it was a place anyone would be glad to call home , and i felt a pang of pride for making it all happen .
they 're combing that place as we speak .
it was as if nature had given up on that place - given up on the grounds , the people , even my garden .
the place is like the hillbilly ghetto .
` ` college is such a hard place to fit in '' and ` ` look at what happened to your sister . ''
there 's more than you know and it 's weird and f**ked up and who does n't come from a place that 's f**ked up , right ?
` ` this place does n't understand addiction , '' he said .
` ` i hate that place . ''
( you should hear what dad says about places like this . )
because places getting shut down , people losing their jobs - it 's all just great if it 's helping the environment . ''
` ` how do you know about these places ? ''
imagine how much happier you 'll be when you 're not rattling around that big old place .
` ` but these places ... '' hallie screwed her face up as she scanned the page .
` ` but what possible enrichment are you going to find in that place ?
i ' ve done this with morgan so many times , i did n't even raise an eyebrow when holly told me about the boyfriend ( older ) , the sex ( bad ) , and her feelings of general helplessness that were clouding whatever judgment got her into oxford in the first place .
i wanted to stay and go to ucla , but this place offered more scholarship money . ''
` ` so , this place ? ''
` ` i ' ve heard good things about the place . ''
` ` i ' ve heard so much about that place .
' this place is n't so bad .
this place is sending me mad .
but varnley will be a worse place for her .
therefore , as a minor by human law , i am compelled to live with my parents in a sleepy seaside town on the south coast of devon , possibly the most sage - deprived place on earth .
yet , despite my hate of the place , you insist on my continuing to a - level at kable .
this is why i hate this place , '' he said , turning to violet .
these places were never cheerful , but this one had definitely seen better days .
other places it 's pretty sketchy . ''
he '' d had pricey clothes with designer labels once upon a time , and he '' d lived in ritzy places before .
` ` when do you get out of this place ?
a place like this , it must make agent grady very nervous . ''
by midnight , the place had calmed .
new orleans was still one of the most romantic places ty had ever been .
` ` this place is ... '' he shook his head .
` ` this place just gets creepier and creepier , '' nick muttered .
` ` this place gives me the creeps , man . ''
` ` this place is creepy , deacon . ''
kids from all different places , all different backgrounds .
she probably wants me to break her the hell out of this place .
this place is like a damn hamster wheel . ''
` ` you 'll be back in the hospital loaded up on a mountain of drugs before you have a chance to warm a seat in this place .
` ` this place is impossibly tough , '' i lament .
` ` this place goes on for miles , '' he whispers .
` ` you ' ve got to see this place . ''
trust me , there 's not a thing under ten bucks in that place .
cal 's got his shirt off and his muscles are bulging in the menacing way that only they know how to do , and he f**king looks like rambo , like a nut off the sidewalk who 's ready and willing to shoot the place up .
hell , i ' m probably looking at life for giving the whole damn place ` ` the spells . ''
you have n't seen this place .
this place is about as far away from calamity cruise as you can get .
` ` al , this place is n't the same without you . ''
smoke and fire - flames fanning out all over the place .
` ` i really do hate that place .
` ` yes , well , i ' m picking up on more than the lingo - i ' m picking up the disgusting scent of this place .
i hear so many great things about those kinds of places . ''
who knew that ellis and giselle would be the shot in the arm this place needed ?
although , i promise you one thing , the bloodshed that took place was not on my hands .
there 's something special about a place called home even if it is halloween 24/7 .
words are too simple to describe the magic that just took place .
it 's been a couple weeks since they ' ve called me to the tenebrous woods , and i ' m not missing that place in the least .
his hot tongue runs a heated line over a small area , and a perverted part of me pretends he 's gage - that it 's simply gage loving me and not some strange boy from a place i ' ve never heard of .
the old logan , the real one , supplied the place with good old - fashioned wood pins , three pounds six ounces of skull - cracking fun .
no way am i going to hang out in bed while chloe stinks up the place .
` ` any grave robbing take place ? ''
the nest of lightning quickens and churns high above the lake as all eyes feast on the spectacle taking place .
` ` i brought you here because i know you fear this place . ''
` ` i ' m going to find that freak that runs this place and win the region to save gage - god knows you can never say that . ''
gage in all his perfection is a salve over the indignity that just took place .
if he wanted mom so much , why not circumvent the situation and marry her in the first place ? ''
i want to conquer this damn place so i can do something useful like free the people holed up in the tunnels .
` ` skyla , you have less than a minute to get dressed before the full effect takes place .
she gives a coy smile , and i do believe there is some primitive form of flirting taking place .
i hate that place .
` ` i am in love with this place ! ''
this place is horrible . ''
` ` looks like we ' ve got places to go .
` ` i hear you got a car for your birthday , and i ' ve got places to go . ''
i 'll gladly spend more time away from this place .
it 's not that i ' m afraid to visit those places , it 's just , logistically speaking , i ' m afraid to travel to those places .
it 's not that i ' m afraid to visit those places , it 's just , logistically speaking , i ' m afraid to travel to those places .
this place , the things that happened here feel far too easy to fall back into .
i do n't believe for a second you want to be anywhere near this place . ''
` ` never did like that place . ''
` ` this place is so cute .
` ` i think we should at least give this place a proper goodbye . ''
this is do or die for me , and to hell if my father thinks i ' m going down with this place .
how about we blow this place and catch the next flight to europe ?
i should be investing in purell and walking around the place with lysol in hopes to keep my immune system intact .
something tells me , make - up sex at its finest is about to take place .
i forgot how beautiful this place is - how beautiful a lot of things are .
the truth is , a part of me wanted to take up the big brother torch and protect her from the douches running rampant in this place .
she wanted me to remember the happy times , and all this place ever did was depress the hell out of me . ''
` ` who 's going to cook and clean around the place with you gone ? ''
` ` this place is amazing , you should ' ve come ! ''
i nodded in thought , feeling slightly disappointed at the fact that i was going to be leaving this place .
` ` this place gives me the heebs , '' brynna remarks after the nurse leaves .
if he keeps his head on straight , this kid is going places .
the first place was n't too bad , but they could n't keep me for long , so i kept getting shuffled about , from home to home , until i was about sixteen .
` ` he used to have to go to places that had bad people in them who wanted to hurt him and his friends , so he could help people who needed him . ''
it 's always a bustling place , lots to see .
` ` it 's a cute place . ''
` ` i ' m surprised you talked will into this place , meg . ''
that little girl is going places .
the only three things that i know for certain took place last night are that one - small elves climbed up my body and tied my hair into a mass of tiny knots , two - i must have slept with my mouth open because something crawled into it and died and three - i was sucked through a vortex into some animated world where an anvil was dropped on my head .
i wonder if it 's a special kind of disheartening when you get to that place at eighteen .
it 's one of those high class places with stores no real person ever shops at and restaurants with overpriced food you 'd never want to eat anyway .
at first most of his genie friends thought this was hilarious , fazire being stuck with a family in a small , farm town in indiana , of all places , and they poked great fun at him .
she 'd been awarded a scholarship to go study at some place called ` ` oxford '' in england after she won some writing competitions , creating magnificent stories that it seemed everyone wanted to read .
fazire very much wanted to hate this place called england and he was pretty certain he 'd really hate london for although jim had found his bottle in a market in london , fazire had actually come from a bazaar in morocco and never been released in europe at all .
` ` i always thought of this place as home .
art and me quit the booze , and now art and me are in a good place so we 're tryin ' to make a baby .
` ` babe , that place is a mess , a bad one - hits - taken - out - on - people bad .
it might just be wyler has bad luck and attracts crazy people , and then i 'll have another decision to make 'cause i wo n't want to work for a place like that , even from a home office in chicago . ''
i 'd called benny with the news , giving him the detail on nightingale investigations , the firm tandy 's sister 's friend from brownsburg ( of all freaking places ) had connections with .
home to a place she escaped as soon as she could after graduating high school .
half the bitches in this place are plotting your murder as we speak .
he 'd never been to rocky 's place but he 'd been to the heritage .
it held a raceway and was a decent place , generally , but could get pretty rough when the races were on .
` ` world 's not exactly a poorer place , '' layne muttered .
it was a nice place .
there were cop cars everywhere , chicago pd and feds crawling all over the place .
it was late , he 'd started the day with angie 's murder ; having feb in his arms for the first time in twenty - two years only to have her pull right out of them ; spent some not - so - much fun time with cory and his loud , screeching wife bethany , who looked eighteen months pregnant rather than the six she was supposed to be , however she 'd also given her husband an alibi even though colt knew cory did n't have it in him to hack up angie ; and running up against bizarre dead end after dead end on a fresh case he had to crack because this town had never seen a murder as brutal as angie maroni 's and the whole f**king place was going to go berserk if word spread what happened to her .
colt could n't imagine , since he knew while she was away she 'd lived the nomad 's life tending bars in small towns all over the place , how she lived her life those fifteen years , beat the men back without morrie and colt having her back .
he knew denny was a computer programmer , designed some software that hospitals all over the country used and he made good money but this place said more than that .
places that would torture me and places that made my pronouncement of colt and me being solid as a rock a lie .
magdalene was not large and had long since had a town council that was rabidly determined to keep the old maine coastal town feel about the place .
but upon offering the opportunity to spend time with you , she was eager to leave a place she liked and a village where she had made friends .
i had learned that along with his lodge , his chalet , his hunting cabin , his fishing cottage and his ships , he also owned a chateau in the country of hawkvale and apartments in a city in fleuridia ( which made it more of a bummer that we were not talking and it did n't seem we ever would again because , i had to say , i would have liked to see all of these places ) .
` ` uh ... you think we could quit gabbin ' like a bunch ' a women , pull anchor and get the bloody hell outta this place ? ''
bellebryn was not the most beautiful place i 'd ever seen .
anything , anything to get away from this place .
i needed to get to the cham , figure out how to communicate to the girls i needed a cool bath and then i needed to figure out how to get the f**k out of this place .
do not tell me more of how this place and these people work , what they do , what are their ways .
boy and mother were both clearly shaken by the events that took place and he swiftly took it back as i asked diandra to tell him to come see me again , with his instrument , so we could play and sing together .
i ... this place is very strange to me too but i ... well , i endured , i got over it , i adapted and i ... '' i hesitated , swallowed and whispered , ` ` i fell in love with you . ''
` ` because you 're tidy with your bone remains but the rest of the place is filthy . ''
` ` my world and what will bloody well be your world as soon as i discover how the f**k to get out of this dreary , foul place . ''
i also knew of these places because , obviously , circe of my world was the korwahk queen .
for the gods of the countries of korwahk and lunwyn to speak to the witches of these places and warn them of what is happening in hawkvale , instruct them to come to our aid ... '' he trailed off .
also , my apartments were chosen so the landlords would n't blink when i jumped the lease seeing as they probably lost tenants regularly for a variety of shitty life reasons that the people who were forced to live in these shitty places always had .
it must be said i did not get a happy feel from the place .
* * * * * ` ` i do not think good thoughts about this place , '' loretta declared .
abby reckoned that cash probably thought that high - class call girls would not live in such places .
` ` i just love that place .
precisely the purpose for which sommersgate house was built in the first place .
when she approached colin about this he 'd said , ` ` the place is a health hazard .
there were tons of people there milling all over the place , drinking golden liquid from fragile glasses and eating food ( some of which , mallory fervently hoped , they 'd drop to the floor ) .
now , it was a place where she was reviled .
she 'd had an interesting childhood , seen many places , met nice people .
` ` and you better do something about it , my man , because she 's upstairs , in belle 's room , packing her things , mumbling about haunted houses and how her pregnant daughter was getting as far as she could from this creepy place . ''
the place was pandemonium and twice i had to duck , once to dodge a flying beer bottle , the second time to duck and run from a flying chair .
` ` this place is the shit , '' ally said .
i had good jobs in al those places and made friends .
i wore my hair to just above my shoulders and got it cut at a place that cost a fortune so that it was al soft waves and little flippies at the ends .
someone would find me , the maid ( if they had one in this f**king place ) or the manager when we do n't check out .
this place is nuts and since i ' m half macmil an , coming from me , that 's saying something . ''
every time vance reported in that someone had seen you at a gas station or whatever , the whole place went wired .
you need a life outside this place , and , what i hear of him , you settle him down a bit , crowe might be just the boy to give it to you . ''
denver was a sunny place but this was crazy .
she fel in love with the place . ''
but , like i said , the place was fil ed with chemicals , '' tex replied .
now take my card , buy what you need and text me to sign for it so we can get outta this f**kin ' place . ''
it 's not as if she 's some spoiled american brat ; she graduated with honors from harvard , of all places . ''
so why she decided to have such a bizarre conversation after ten o'clock was beyond her , yet that 's exactly what was taking place .
she knew the vandenbrooks were fiercely religious , which is probably why she was so attracted to the books in the first place .
this is the place which came to mind .
he chuckled and skipped down the stairs before either of them could figure out what just took place .
she did want to get out of this place , if only so she could go and murder the two men who had put her in this mess .
` ` i hate this place already .
` ` damn i hate this place . ''
then again , for five hundred a head , the place had better look nice .
` ` this place sure is nice .
maybe this place was the same .
chapter thirty - three the thing about falling for someone is you ca n't plan it , and the minute you realize what has taken place , it 's impossible to stop the destruction and pain that lay in its wake , when you do the one unforgiveable thing - like walk away .
he quickly went into his study and wrote a note to dominique and montmouth , letting them know of what had just taken place .
perhaps the rejection of her husband , the idea of him not wanting her after such a wonderful night , maybe it would n't be as hard to deal with in this place .
he needed to get away from this place before he challenged himself to a duel .
` ` the world is an ugly place , '' nixon spat .
nadia was still new to town , but she would have thought she 'd have heard of this place , if only because sources of fun here were so rare .
` ` what the hell are you serving in this place ? ''
` ` i would n't have thought this place could afford to be ' selective ' about much . ''
medical vans were parked all over the place , everyone had a relative in the hospital , and nobody much could know what was going on .
probably he 's psyched just to get a look at the place .
it 's a still place between semesters , almost abandoned , with only a handful of the usual cars in the parking lots and a few forlorn international students wandering around .
` ` you need to take your mind off this place , '' he said , before i turned to the toilet and threw up .
` ` you need to take your mind off of this place . ''
` ` you need to take your mind off this place . ''
what landed my father in the hospital in the first place .
just as i was beginning to think this place might not be so terrible , dr . kells appeared in the corner of the room and called my name .
` ` i was supposed to come here , to get our files - the real ones , so we can finally understand what the fuck is happening to us and then find the map that will lead us out of this place .
he 'd been the reason she came to rosemary beach in the first place .
this place made him happy .
dear god , i lived in this place .
` ` no , '' i admit , ` ` i ' m afraid to leave this place .
many of the street lights that once lit up the place have long since burned out .
many of the windows in the buildings along the street have been busted out - this whole place is a shithole , vacant and dark , the perfect breeding ground for crime and crack - heads and kidnappings .
one of those cold , sprawling places that looked beautiful in photographs , but had to be as uncomfortable as hell to try and live in .
` ` i warned her there would be nothing but trouble living in such a place , '' meg muttered in disgust .
` ` there are other places beyond europe . ''
that place was a nightmare . ''
bloody hell , this place was obviously screwing with his head .
` ` and do you truly want to discover just what sort of hero is going to rush to your rescue in this place ?
trust me , it was n't as bad as some places i ' ve worked . ''
` ` he never even mentioned this place . ''
until he knew just how many curs were prowling around the place , he was n't going to take any chances .
` ` non , such a damp and gray place .
it was bad enough to be stuck in the bizarro place without being able to see if there were any dangers lurking nearby .
` ` that was a harmless masking spell to disguise our presence in this place , '' she reminded him , her gaze deliberately skimming down his tense body .
` ` and this place does ? ''
` ` the place does not matter . ''
working there was , in a way , like a rite of passage in my circle of friends , yet they had all moved on ; they 're living in places like new york city and boston as newly minted college graduates , on their way to fulfilling careers .
` ` oh , i ' m not saying there 's anything wrong with that , but i just always felt like this place where i grew up was the place that i was meant to be .
` ` found it in a little back alley place .
i had thought that i would never return to the red theater once the curtain fell on phantom , that i would have to get away from the place that changed my life .
she always found time to help out here , however , the place that gave her the start she needed ... as many of you know , porsche also suffered from aids , and it became harder to work as she got sicker .
hell , everything about this place reminds me of sofia now .
` ` besides , it 's about time this place gave you a good memory or two . ''
gunshots were being fired all over the place .
she loved that place .
chapter 41 : lucas i was staying at a hotel in cancun , a place i detested .
` ` yeah ... i ' ve stopped thinking of you ending up with anybody else other than derek , but ... i ca n't see how we 'll escape this place alone .
` ` i hope sofia really does get to escape this place .
bring this place back to some semblance of sanity , get back control of the port and find a way to get sofia back here .
it was the reason he became a hunter in the first place .
lunch with ashley and rosa gave me a sense of normalcy , something that was a rare commodity in a place like the shade .
she was joy and laughter in a place that only knew sadness and tears .
i can see our kids running all over this place . ''
ben 's little sister was practically a sister to me too , and the thought of seeing her after all these years in a place like this was tearing me apart .
those nights were no substitute for sunlight , but they were the closest thing to light that i had in a place like the blood keep .
your husband was n't what he once was , and even at the height of his power , he was a slave to this place .
he already managed to escape this place , did n't he ?
` ` it 's not the place that makes it home , kiev .
no one has ever been able to escape this place . ''
i recalled the atmosphere of that place .
` ` we 'll gather the witches and get to work tidying this place up , '' ibrahim said .
` ` you want to escape this place , do n't you ?
you get all sorts passing through that place .
same place .
` ` she said that she found the place too restricting .
what i do n't say is ' you 're too good to be in a place like this .
a place like this pulls at your good and dulls your sparkle .
` ` much like the united states , italy is a place with many different colors and textures .
` ` i loved this place .
` ` stay with me , rafe , while you fix this place up . ''
` ` there must be one heck of a story about this place . ''
not , of course , that he was paying much attention to the actual wedding taking place ... because he could n't take his eyes off the groom 's sister .
but then , he finally said , ` ` everyone is wondering what the hell a guy like me is doing in a place like this with a girl like you .
` ` so , '' she asked as she tore another chunk of bread off and dipped it in the red - pepper hummus , ` ` how do you know about this place ? ''
looking over sabbath 's pedigree , she found the name of his broodmare and her stable and was able to track the place down .
i ca n't say i could tell you exactly what happened to him there but , if what i know about the place is true , it 's likely he had some very tough times . ''
she 's runnin ' the place but says she 's not gettin ' in a show ring ever again . ''
streetlamps glowed peach at their tops like candles on a birthday cake , and the winding lanes might have been romantic in another place .
` ` the place is beautiful , actually .
` ` i ' ve always thought this place tried to be like the waldorf , '' mels said as she punched the button for the elevator .
` ` they give you any breaks at this place ? ''
and that man was giving up his seat of evil - not by stepping down , but by blowing the place the f**k up .
she was going to miss this place ... holy crap - she was actually going to leave .
and however ugly it was , he did n't sense devina anywhere around the place .
redd 's garage and service was the kind of place her father would have gone to , an auto - body repair and mechanics shop that was full of old - school types who had tattoos they 'd gotten in the army , grease on their faces , and wrenches instead of computers to do the work .
` ` not a good place . ''
suddenly there were people in white coats and scrubs all over the place , all of them talking at him - while sissy backed up into the wall , and colin looked on with a bored expression .
located in the heart of caldwell 's business district , it was the grande dame of downtown , a place where the old ways were still preserved : the doormen wore white gloves , the concierge was available at his desk in the lobby twenty - four hours a day , and the tub in your suite 's bathroom was deep as an olympic swimming pool .
again , it was broad daylight , and people were all over the place , getting in and out of cars .
he was removed from the place and sent to a juvie facility by the time he was ten , and he never forgave me for the fact that i was the one they kept .
the place was a bomb zone , but in the words of her father , they had bigger fish to fry at the moment .
chapter twenty - six when jim arrived up in heaven , he found the place was still lush as central park in the summer , the ground green , the sky blue , the castle walls the color of coffee with three creams in it .
ah , clearly none of them had done the math about where they 'd ended up : the very place where she 'd been abducted by the demon .
as jim pulled up to one of the many warehouses in the old wharf area of caldwell , she had to brace herself for going into yet another place she had no interest in ever seeing again .
then they would smoke the place out .
maybe someday , if she ever got out of this place ... she could find herself a real man , someone who appreciated her for who and what she was .
` ` no , no , no , mahmen - this place is tight as a tick .
bad place .
` ` if there 's one person in this place who 'll know ?
so easy to forget that the heart of caldie was a dirty place with as much poverty as wealth - if not more : up here , insulated from reality , with the wailing sirens and stench of garbage so far removed , it was tempting to believe in the sanitized version of the 518 .
i do n't want to even think about that place . ''
that place had been big money , from that gating system to the medical facility to all those people .
this place had been built like a fortress , and it had tricks .
` ` i like this place . ''
` ` what do you plan to do once that ship blows this place to hell ?
i hate this place . ''
this place is crazy , '' i said , shaking my head .
` ` this place is n't as bad as branston , but it has its problems , too .
she could use an internal map of this place right about now .
you forget , i knew this place like the back of my hand when i was a kid . ''
tenement rats stuck together - that was the first law of growing up in that place .
you 'd better watch out or you 'll have every nurse in this place eating from your hand by the time they spring you . ''
when she 'd own a shiny new speeder and be able to fly to the upper reaches of the place .
my mom and dad are from eastern europe , one of the only places left in the world that is still ridiculously homophobic .
` ` this place is so gross . ''
` ` this place is amaaazing , '' she gasped as we walked through the large wooden doors .
chapter 3 ` ` i think you 'll like this place , '' my heart raced as i smiled at brigetta as we walked to lou 's burger joint .
` ` this place is so much more than i thought it would be .
he 'd walked away from a deal to defend my honor , even though he 'd tried to warn me away in the first place .
i 'd had no idea that this place would bring me such joy when i 'd first arrived .
how i hated this place , this town , this house , my life .
the face that had haunted me every night of my stay away from this place .
the truth was , i never wanted to play pro - football in the first place .
chapt er seven ` ` this place is crazy . ''
we just were n't the sort of girls who got to travel to places like europe .
this place terrifies me .
` ` when you have eons to live , the world becomes a much smaller place , '' he said .
james was my best friend , and we had spent the whole summer together touring ancient ruins , vast cities and breathtaking islands in one of the most beautiful places on earth .
you 'd think as long as it 's been , it would get monotonous , but i guess that 's the beauty of this place .
athens had n't been the only place affected by the aftermath of the tidal wave .
then he 'd deliver the van to the shop early in the morning and see about getting the hell out of this place .
the place just ... haunted me . ''
this place went well beyond basic underwear ... . ` ` we have a sale on right now , '' she said , her voice enticing .
` ` it 's pretty barren in most places .
from what i ' ve heard , it can only be found in two places in the united states .
she listened to max play with his computer speller while imagining what it might be like to live in such a place , with bees humming in the flowers nearby , a small dust cloud following a tractor as it rolled slowly along in the field next door , the wind gently stirring the tops of the corn stalks .
` ` this place is filled with white people . ''
` ` are you sure vanessa 's in this podunk place ? ''
at a population of 120,000 , cedar rapids was a little bigger than the place she 'd imagined living .
he was n't about to head back now , even though his parents still lived on fidalgo island , where he 'd grown up , and he loved the place .
then he bent his head to look at the place through the passenger - side window .
he liked the place , he realized .
god , this place gave her the creeps .
they 'd agreed to pretend their sexual encounter had never taken place .
` ` and you goaded me into that little striptease in the first place . ''
because of the cold , denver could smell fresh and clean in winter - but no place smelled as authentically ` ` old fashioned christmas '' as virginia city .
that what had taken place last night had n't changed the way he felt .
she had to call the place where she 'd been living with charlie spanos home - a sprawling metropolis she considered brown and ugly by comparison .
there 's no place like vegas ... . what happens in vegas stays in vegas , huh ?
she 'd soon leave this place and , she hoped , get work until she could secure another husband via the website .
` ` it was n't a good place . ''
she knew ken was n't impressed with the place , but she had n't expected it to be quite so bad .
he 'd read all the books , leaflets , newsletters and pamphlets he could lay his hands on when he was inside , but experiencing a place like this made a real and very different impact .
we 're the ones runnin ' this place . ''
she did n't want to think about how easy it would be for someone with a gun to come into the hospital and shoot up the place .
` ` and yet i love both places , '' he said with a shrug .
you live in the background of a place that 's already in the background .
after two years in this place , she 'd broken down and done exactly what she 'd sworn she 'd never do - she 'd shared a specific detail that could , if she was n't careful , unravel the whole truth .
the address on the registration indicated the owner of the vehicle lived in a place called monrovia , california .
` ` this place matters to her . ''
the way word spread in a place like pineview , he knew it could n't be long before he heard something .
uncle gary claims she put him up to the murder in the first place .
it made her feel as close to anonymous as she could get in the place where she 'd grown up .
isaac thought the mere mention of his home state might cause a visible reaction , considering weaver had killed a man there , but other than a subtle tightening in the muscles of his face and his refusal to shake , he did n't let on that he had any bad memories of the place .
in most places , the road was n't wide enough for two cars .
he 'd been raised in a good place by people with the best of intentions who 'd tolerated him despite the trouble he gave them .
his father had told him too much about both places .
that old place is in your blood . ''
` ` that 's a plus , but l.a . is such a big place .
after she explained in detail what had really taken place the night she was abducted , gran said , ` ` we 'll have to remember to tell chief stacy about that . ''
afghanistan had been unlike any place he 'd ever visited or previously imagined , but he had n't disliked being there .
he avoided certain subjects - or perhaps she just imagined he was avoiding them because she was sensitive about asking certain questions - but he seemed willing enough to share details about the places he 'd visited since returning from afghanistan .
` ` you like this place as much as i do , '' she said .
the place was too nice .
` ` this place is crawling with crazy people and paparazzi . ''
` ` it 's too insular , too alienating , especially in a place as small as whiskey creek . ''
` ` i guess that 's the downside of living in such a small place , '' he said .
` ` we just passed a place called corinth .
what about all the places they 'd never visit ?
antoinette made sure maria heard , on a daily basis , a litany of his faults and shortcomings - how he was a womanizer , even though he 'd only slept with two , now three , women in his life ; how he was an alcoholic , even though she drank heavily herself and used cocaine and other drugs when she partied ; how he 'd stolen her best years even though he had n't wanted them in the first place .
clay had barker 's body buried in his own cellar , which was why he could never leave this place .
after all , he 'd had a history in this place -- land , family , friends and the illusion of purity .
pictures that would require she testify at her mother 's trial in a town where she and her family were n't liked in the first place .
but if he lived in the baumgarter place , chances were fairly good he would n't be on apple blossom at six - thirty in the morning .
she- '' his eyebrows clashed as he struggled for words ` ` -she 's too good for this place . ''
` ` this place ... changes things , '' she replied .
` ` i think you 'd like the place , once you got used to it . ''
this was a nice place , all right , certainly nicer than the dumps he 'd lived in after blowing most of emily 's money .
` ` this place has n't changed a bit , '' she said .
she 'd never known a more tranquil place than the delta .
luke doubted there was another guy in the place who 'd give ava a second look in that getup .
was it possible that tiffany might become a friend in this hellish place ?
` ` how can you complain about this place ?
sheridan was well aware of the money it would cost them to stay at the motel , but she was n't eager to be back in this place .
` ` i also wanted to let you know that i 'll keep an eye on the place from now on , '' he added with a wink that did absolutely nothing to allay sheridan 's fears .
chapter 4 the town of mamou made real the kinds of places jasmine had imagined when she read novels set in the south .
there was no way she wanted to get lost in a place that frightened her as much as the bayou .
for the first time , she could see the peace and beauty of this place .
` ` i realize that some people find this place sort of quaint and charming , but it is n't hawaii , '' tom retorted .
` ` the chief is really trying to clean up the place .
how do you think that would make the mother of a young child feel , to hear she could be taken hostage by one of the animals in this place and no one would care ? ''
` ` i do n't like this place , '' she said .
but , with any luck , isaac would be the one going back to the place that had captured his imagination like no other .
chapter nine reenie felt oddly removed from the situation , as if she was standing outside herself , watching what was taking place in her living room .
and what had made him want to develop a long - term relationship with another woman in the first place .
but i ' ve seen that park and it 's not a place you 'd want to visit , let alone live .
tuck was going places .
` ` it 's a nice place . ''
although patti and violet had glanced worriedly at each other when russ left , they 'd largely refused to acknowledge that anything unusual had taken place .
surely , staying in such a barren , filthy place had to be miserable , especially for a young woman .
she 'd already put this place behind her once , along with its ghosts and memories .
while they ate , lucky told him about some of the places she 'd visited and some of the people she 'd met .
no one ever said ` ` little lady '' in those places .
lucky wanted to find the anger she 'd felt when she 'd left dundee at eighteen ; she wanted to hate this place .
she loves that place . ''
he 'd spent two years in a jail cell for stealing a car he did n't want in the first place .
the old hatfield place had n't changed much .
watching her suffer made him angry - angry at the pain , angry at andy for getting her pregnant in the first place , and angry at himself for being so helpless .
i mean , we 're close to the same age , live in the same town , know the same people , go to the same places .
he just sells what we have left after the morning rush while he cleans up the place . ''
i was about to buy out the place where i worked in milwaukee , but- '' he shrugged .
` ` well , your chances of getting an std out here are pretty slim compared to most other places , '' rebecca said .
maybe he 'd underestimated this place , conner thought sarcastically .
` ` you asked if there was any way to turn this place around . ''
` ` actually , if you saw the place , you would n't find that idea so far - fetched , '' she said .
these women came from different places and different walks of life .
she 'd been to naco before ; she knew it well enough to feel as comfortable as one could in a foreign and rather dangerous place .
arriving in this dirty town from somewhere deep in mexico , a place that was bound to be cleaner if not more affluent .
not many places lasted so long .
elated when she accepted , he 'd thought maybe he 'd been wrong about bordertown , about his chances of succeeding in this place .
` ` this place is in your blood . ''
if charlie was home , he wanted to talk to him , to see if he 'd heard from sophia and to ask why he had n't been returning her calls , which was the reason she 'd come out here in the first place .
no one could tolerate living in a place this hot .
i ' m a - a neighbor of charlie 's ... supposed to be taking care of the place .
` ` i think i can manage to put up with the place until rafe turns eighteen . ''
she supposed this place could get in a person 's blood .
they live about five miles from here and have occasional meetings where they invite folks in to see the place .
she wanted to put on her clothes , wanted to be gone from this place .
if nothing else , they 'll discover your cache of guns and maybe some of the drugs floating around this place . ''
we do n't live in the same place , '' miranda says .
how i started shouting about the world being a fucked - up piece - of - shit place that i was done with , too .
as for what was she doing here ... a year ago , she had n't even heard of this place .
there was a small commercial strip but places tended to shutter early , even when school was in session .
this place is hopping , not its usual dead zone .
` ` it takes a lot more than you to turn this place to ash . ''
` ` some places there are twelve , but where i live there are nine because ... the other three died because they forgot their shoes . ''
it was a place i 'd seen him in many times before , but it was a place we never spoke about .
it was a place i 'd seen him in many times before , but it was a place we never spoke about .
having friends will be good for him , as long as i can find a way to shield him from the worst of the hatred in this place .
` ` this place has n't changed much , '' she said between sips of tea .
i could not love you , not the way you love me , and i would rather fade than see this place choke the life out of you as it did persephone- '' ` ` persephone ? ''
i was here because i trusted knox more than i trusted most people , but some days i was n't so sure he cared about me more than he cared about why he needed me in the first place .
we would never have those moments again , but as soon as we were free of this place , we could make new ones .
they probably wound up in this place doing nothing more than trying to survive a world that had cast them aside the moment they 'd earned less than a iv .
i ' m the only real friend you 'll ever have in this place , so do yourself a favor and do n't piss me off .
before , when i 'd thought this place was some kind of paradise where those in overcrowded cities were sent , there was nothing malicious about it , just mysterious .
besides , compared to this place , maybe the real world was a magical fantasy land full of hopes and dreams and possibilities .
in a place like elsewhere , there were a million ways to die .
as noelle led me down the snowy street , chattering on about what each day was like in this place , i focused on each breath i took .
but until it did , if being lila still gave me an edge - if it made scotia want to protect me , mercer want to shield me from the worst this place had to offer , and if it made noelle trust me with her secrets - then i was an idiot not to play along .
but in a place as gray and utilitarian as elsewhere , everything had a purpose .
even back then , in the darkest hours of history , it had to have been less barbaric than this place .
it was a mythical , far - off place we 'd never see , if we were lucky and behaved ourselves - but at the same time , it had been a constant threat hanging over our heads , ready to uproot us from our lives at any moment .
it was this place that was the problem .
when it is over , i will have only his word as to what took place .
this one is not , but even so , the old saints are thick in this place and i do not like putting a false offering before a saint for a blessing i do not wish .
i could simply walk down this street to the city gate , go across the bridge , and be gone from this place forever .
in those places where saint salonius , the god of mistakes , is well loved and worshiped , they say that it was all a mistake , some trick of fate .
if they ever found out i was teaching at a place like east side dance studio they would have coronary , which is another reason why i ' m doing it .
she would not let this horrible place to be her last memory .
the basic act of considering a local distance in terms of east , west , north , and south was bizarre to me ; those words , i felt , should be used to describe coasts or countries , not a place two blocks over and one block up .
help me clean this place up and be among the last five convicts standing . ''
` ` it 's about no one in particular ... and every man in the place . ''
these men were the worst of the worst , and they 'd had the run of the place for a long time .
this place sent a chill down his spine .
` ` man , i hate this place .
` ` i doubt there 's a sober man left in the place to relieve them . ''
but in a place like perdition , it came with the territory .
` ` mop this place up and deal with the wounded . ''
` ` because this place has n't ground the life out of her yet . ''
it had taken being sent to a place like perdition for him to learn how to live .
in a place like this , there would be petty despots .
this place would drive him mad in short order , and it was n't as though he had far to travel .
after so many turns in solitary in the bug prison and now this place , it seemed like time to change that .
she did n't enjoy it , but on another level , it was good this place had n't broken her .
the place was also filthier , smellier , and there had been a lot more drinking .
while he 'd just met dred , the big man slept with her ... and he loved her , as much as anybody could in a place like this .
you get to haul off the corpses and spit - shine this place . ''
` ` this place will be very different with four of us in power .
attachments did n't prosper in a place like this .
in a place like perdition , the little things got you through .
in this place , allegiances shifted like the tide on water planets .
in a place like this , it was an odd thing to consider .
it 's not a montessori place , but it 's solid pre - k education , combined with good socialization and excellent supervision .
her dad was from mexico ; god only knew why he 'd decided nebraska was the best place to settle .
a place that was dark and quiet and where no one expected me to be anything , or act a certain way .
for now this place was a perfect fit for my mood .
i had been in enough shithole places in the world to know that a bar brawl was a bar brawl , but throw in a wannabe biker and it could get really foul .
he cared a lot about this place , cared a lot about brite .
it was disturbing and i was beginning to think a new hairdo and some mascara would never be enough to make me fit in , in a place like this .
oh , how things have changed around this place in the last few years .
did n't i just tell you that you needed to get a life outside of this place ?
how sad was it that i was a stranger in the place that was supposed to be where my family lived ?
so deep was my hatred for that place and the memories that lived there i could n't even bring myself to attend my sister 's nuptials , which had of course taken place under my father 's watchful eyes in his church .
` ` this place is so cool , salem .
it 's hard not to appreciate making it out alive in such a beautiful place filled with so many wonderful people . ''
most people who lived in places like this did n't have anything worth stealing in the first place , and most single girls forced to live like this invested in better locks .
she was already in my way , and if she proved to be anything other than what she claimed , i would make her regret it in ways that would be legendary in a place where bad stuff was the day - to - day norm .
` ` i know where you lived before here was no picnic , that you understand how places like the point run , but at heart you are a good girl , a really sweet young woman with goals and aspirations that i admire .
she was the epitome of everything good that came from bad people and a bad place .
i came back to show him i was n't scared , no matter how awful this place is , it 's still my home .
even in a place like the point , there could be too much bad , and with me out of the picture maybe that would level the playing field a little for the good people down in the trenches .
i did n't know if he was talking about the place or the point of us , but i guess either fit .
lastly , unlike my fellow citizens , i have the ability to recognize that healy is simply an extremely small place in the middle of a very large place called the united states , and that the united states is itself also just a small place in the middle of an even larger place called the world , and that makes much of what is discussed in and around healy inconsequential in the grand scheme of things .
because kurt morelli is going places .
what a place .
` ` this place is so beautiful , dear .
he likes that place .
when we 're in connecticut , it 'll be harder to get around without a car , and i want you to be able to go places if i ' m not around . ''
not to see the place but the trip .
just like this place .
but it was how she was raised to be in that god - awful place that i still ca n't believe my family is a part of .
not after everything ... god , i ca n't believe she let her own daughter go to that kind of place . ''
i think this place is starting to crack at my sanity . ''
the place is a wreck , more than it usually is .
` ` that place is worse than the apartment . ''
that i lived in a place where most people went nowhere , stuck in the rut that continues to repeat through generations .
but i still feel terrible that he had to live in such a shitty place ...
` ` how bad is this place ?
' this place is insane , ' i whisper to luke as the waiter drops the cloth napkin onto my lap - what the hell ?
' it 'd make this place look better . '
` ` it beats this place .
this place had been steeped in blood long before someone had taken to slaughtering animals here .
not with the police crawling all over the place that first day .
my body was profusely shaking and i had no idea what had just taken place .
i wanted my family back , but now i just think we 'd be better off if we got out of this place .
anything was better than a term in a place like i was currently in .
neither of us knew what had taken place , so rafe went running back up the stairs .
it 's just that bein ' home makes me miss this place even more .
i ' ve traveled different places and decided to settle down here in kentucky .
shalan i was in the big city , a place i 'd only dreamed of visiting .
` ` i 'd like to see that place anyway .
amy and conner took care of phone calls and letting the family know what had taken place .
my mother was more than upset when she found out what had taken place .
` ` i do n't like that place anymore . ''
she loved going places with me and i enjoyed spending time with my youngest child .
i thought it was going to make me deathly ill and i 'd have to be carried out of the place .
` ` this place is unbelievable , conner .
as excited as i was to get out of my marriage , it hurt my feelings that we were going to have to leave this amazing place .
when he went out on the road , he would bring me home flowers and take me out places .
he and my father would go all over the place on hunting trips .
when we went out places , she craved the attention .
i know a crew that can come in and gut the place .
we spent the weekends going places or just hanging out with my parents .
the rest of my family just stood there , waiting for us to come up with a good explanation as to why ty and i were married in the first place .
i have some metal in my leg and my physical therapy is going to suck , but i 'd rather be in a wheelchair than in this place . ''
i 'd made an appointment to see my doctor when i got the call back from one of the places that i 'd applied to .
in fact , that friendship was the reason we lived next door in the first place .
i wanted to be back in that roach infested shit - hole hotel instead of calling this place home .
coming from a place like the district of columbia , where paid firefighters and police officers were one in every third person on the street , it was still hard for me to understand .
` ` this place is going to shit !
you know there is some serious gambling going on in the back of that place .
most places do n't take care of their tables . ''
what if you lose this place , charlie ?
` ` my son did n't want anything to do with that place .
i think you found the nicest people in the whole town on purpose , so that i would like this place even more . ''
maybe since i had straightened up the place , he would n't be too hard on me .
the place was less scary and the kids came every day after school .
girls like that do n't think twice about giving up their good lives and living in a place like this . ''
that place was better off burning to the ground .
when ford went to make sure the place was locked up , we found out you were n't even here .
i was crying so heavy that i could n't even see the place with a clear set of eyes .
i could n't tire of this man because he took me to places that i never knew existed , each time we came together .
i was fighting my feelings over what was taking place .
that 's why it came to be a great surprise when i was visited by the person who had got me locked up in the first place .
i proceeded to explain everything that had taken place between us .
` ` you 're in a real bad place .
did you really think you 'd gain something worthwhile out of that place ?
swords did n't have eyes , not even in a place as crazy as mythos academy .
like nothing out of the ordinary had taken place .
so i slung my messenger bag over my shoulder and left the classroom , once again with far more questions than answers about who i was , what i could do , and why i was stuck here at mythos academy - a place where i so obviously did n't belong .
that 's where the academy was located , in cypress mountain , a suburb tucked up in the mountains above the artsy town of ashevil e. you could tel mythos was a place for rich kids just by walking around campus .
but this place put the academy to shame .
but when daphne talked about jetting off to the hamptons or the bahamas or wherever , yeah , sometimes i got a little jealous of al the interesting places she 'd been to , al the things she 'd done that i had n't .
i supposed it made sense that the crius coliseum had borrowed some artifacts from the library - that was probably the reason the mythos students had been assigned to come here in the first place .
i wondered how someone so quiet could survive at a place like mythos , where finding new ways to be mean and vicious was considered an art form .
somehow , over the past few months , it had become like a second home to me , a place where i was slowly learning to fit in , a place where i was slowly learning to be strong .
somehow , over the past few months , it had become like a second home to me , a place where i was slowly learning to fit in , a place where i was slowly learning to be strong .
` ` i was just thinking that i ' m really starting to hate this place . ''
` ` i stopped because i know this place , '' oliver said , staring out the window .
towards the end of the relationship when i was beginning to basically wonder why we were together in the first place , he 'd become violent , scaring me a few times with his temper .
this place was like a natural aphrodisiac .
i looked at my father , still in shock from what had taken place .
high school is a hard place for a nerd to fit in .
since his retirement he 'd been traveling all over the place with my aunt karen .
nothing could make a girl happier than the safest place on earth .
i hate these places .
nice place .
verily is a sweet place , but the best schools and culture are in the city . ''
i wanted a life , a real life , not the shadowy dark place i 'd been living in , where food was the enemy and mirrors were to be avoided .
this place definitely needs more russians .
` ` sounds like a shitty place .
` ` i did n't think places this shitty existed , '' regan says as we unlock our hotel room door .
because it 's the place where you have your little cousin , your friends , your job , and your boyfriend .
i can handle this place . ''
that 's probably how they got their hands on the formula in the first place , and that 's how they ' ve managed to stay one step ahead of us . ''
` ` which means his bodyguard did n't pick up on the spoor of violence that must have been all over the place . ''
there are a zillion silver cars in this place . ''
then he guided her down the dimly lit hall , irritated again , as he had been the night before , by the knowledge that he was going to have to leave her here in this place with its dingy carpet and badly painted walls .
` ` why do you think someone in the middle of a mudpack facial would go down the hall to the gym and borrow an eight - pound dumbbell in the first place ? ''
it struck him that if he was leonora 's ex - anything , he 'd have a real tough time in kyle 's place .
` ` this place was her life .
` ` this crystal came from a geode like that one , and it 's a good bet that both rocks came from the same place , the phoenix mine . ''
this place really is haunted , you see .
` ` this place is so weird , '' riley said .
always thought the place was just a big junkyard full of ballinger 's crazy test instruments . ''
it was straight out of jack 's memories of the place where he had been held prisoner .
` ` we recently found out that 's how nightshade got the drug in the first place .
i just want you to tell me exactly how you feel about this place . ''
` ` hard to believe dad grew up in a place like this .
` ` i thought you said this was a nice place . ''
what 's your take on the folks running this place ? ''
` ` this place certainly has n't changed much , has it ? ''
he was probably halfway back to the old buckley place .
you know , that bakery is one of the few things i ' m going to miss about this place . ''
` ` thurgarton probably figured that if he piled enough out - of - date newspapers and magazines around the place , folks would write him off as a crackpot .
there were some places a man could not go .
i will turn this place to ash , like a rotten forest , and watch the new growth stretch to the sun .
it was his only hope of escaping this place that had become his prison .
he had spent a large portion of the past few months in this place and he hated it .
` ` i ca n't believe you 're going to work at a place like this , '' he said .
` ` turns out that at least three of them spent some time in a place called the brackleton correctional facility back in the midwest .
` ` i thought you said scargill used people who lived in various places around the country .
i ' ve read enough machiavelli to know i do n't run this place along his principles . ''
` ` you did n't make these places up in a spurt of creative writing , after all , did you ?
did you think i 'd hesitate to call places like tahiti and manila and mexico ? ''
you know some of those places ? ''
he 'd worked in worse places .
` ` i 'll bet you did n't worry about them in most of the places you ' ve worked . ''
now as he lay physically satiated beside verity he found himself questioning what had not been evident during the passionate interlude that had just taken place .
` ` not when it looks like this place .
` ` you know , i do n't think i like this place , jonas . ''
how did digby expect you to be able to pay the taxes and keep the place running ? ''
` ` you 'll laugh , but the truth was , digby always said that when he found the treasure there 'd be plenty of money to run this place in style .
those places were all cheap , dirty , and in a bad part of town .
` ` because no one else would have cleaned it if i did n't , and i had to use it along with all the other drunks , whores , and assorted riffraff who lived in the place , '' she exploded .
` ` but it is a nice place . ''
` ` nobody else in the whole damn place is wearing a tie . ''
` ` when you 're studying the various renaissance war machines designed to knock down walls and buildings , you find yourself learning a little something about how the walls and buildings were constructed in the first place .
` ` jonas , how can you stand this place ? ''
the consummation must take place . ''
lord knows there 's been enough in this place .
` ` we 're finally going to unlock it and find out what the hell is going on in this place . ''
those places are full of germs .
true , it was late in the day , but the place seemed darker than she remembered it .
deep down , he was pretty sure it was the reason she had married him in the first place .
the [ _ gringos _ ] were crazy , but they livened up the place .
honor knew that although some communication was taking place between herself and judd , it was n't yet of a sufficiently bonding nature to assure her of his loyalty and trust .
she walked briskly back to her place at the table where ( he others sat stupefied by the small scene that had just taken place .
but westerners had a definite image of the foreign lands of the east and that image was of a grim , gray , humorless place where no sensible person would want to live .
in his case the whole event was further complicated by the fact that , in spite of having been through the initial linking , sariana insisted on denying that anything out of the ordinary had taken place .
a mix of rosemary , chamomile , lavender - shampoo , an herbal fragrance foreign to this dank and moldy place , nice .
the place was so hot now , he half expected bolts of real lightning to appear .
nobody outside of town gives a damn about this place .
` ` it 's true what they say about this place , '' she said .
` ` did n't want things to spoil and stink up the place . ''
enforcers swim all over the damn place all day - even the homeless guy is on their payroll .
this place is n't as bad as i thought it was .
` ` place is torn up . ''
` ` but faerie 's a big place . ''
` ` the place you came from is called the weird , '' eleonore said .
` ` you 're lucky east laporte is a different place now than it was six years ago .
an allusion , if you will , to the place where he first received his military training .
` ` every time i think i ' ve reached the limit , this place shocks me . ''
this place , this hell on earth , should ' ve broken her .
he might even go for andrea , but only after he smacked down the fae who stank up the place .
even in this vast place , someone would have reported a crashing plane by now .
she 'd been mate - claimed by one of the lupines in miguel 's shifter pack , and at first , she 'd been stupidly enchanted with luis , which was how she 'd been stolen from home in the first place .
america was a fine place , she thought as she walked .
instead of wondering where his brothers - in - law had disappeared to , declan would know that some distant , no - good cousin of his best friend 's wife had taken them to the democracy of california , the place that made convict island seem like a walk in the park .
it was a savage place , and kaldar had grown up there , which made him both savage and crazy .
it 's a very bad place .
everyone in this place was crazy .
` ` i lost count of how many places we lived .
he was happy in that place .
this was a rougher place where the human bikers eyed shifters and were always spoiling for a fight .
is a confusing place .
` ` the world is a gruesome place , '' fellows said to her .
and what a wonderful place it is , to be sure .
` ` that fish is everything that 's wrong with this place . ''
we do a lousy job of enforcing it , but we manage better than other places in the edge , from what i ' ve heard .
did it ever stop raining in this fucked - up place ?
kaitlin was probably so mad that she lost the feud , she sacrificed herself to blight the place . ''
` ` ghastly place . ''
years i waited , but he did n't give a fuck about it , oh no , he was happy squatting in this house , our father 's house , letting his spoiled brat daughter run the place .
but a smaller place would be better .
a place like that could house snakes , scorpions , black widows ... ` ` in there ? ''
` ` those places are bad , girl .
faerie was a terrible place , so shifters said .
the database was showing her a real place full of intrigue and power shifts , alliances and relationships , reminding her of what she 'd read about shoguns in historic japan .
` ` and glory needs a man about the place . ''
a creek cut through the bottom of this field , ensuring the place stayed nice and wet .
there were places unaware of the edge that hired illegal aliens , but competition for those jobs was fierce , and they mostly wanted muscle for manual labor .
few places are .
the only reason emerson had hired her in the first place was because he and her father had been buddies when they were young .
` ` my money would let you leave this place . ''
they 'll come and wipe the place out , so we have nothing to come back to .
two weeks ago , life was a normal drudgery , and seemingly overnight , her stable world became the place where demonic creatures hunted small boys so they could eat them and the man she loved had to pick between his survival and the life of his best friend .
it 's good that you decided to be a god , because i ' m about to go to a place that suffers none . ''
` ` i like this place .
` ` in a place where shifters outnumber humans , sure .
it 's a fine place . ''
misty found graham sitting by himself on top of a picnic table in the middle of shiftertown , a little way from the uproar that was filling the place .
` ` before he does , '' eric said , ` ` i want to find out everything i can about this place and exactly what they 're doing here .
which made him , in that place , a nice guy .
they are pricier than places in the city but you pay extra for authentic taste .
the burned - out remains of the tuileries palace loomed across the park , a reminder of violence in this beautiful place .
paris is a more permissive place than london , but i think even here i 'd never live it down .
` ` sometimes i take a train to a place i ' ve never been or hire a horse and ride into the countryside .
if he had n't been mad when he went in , the place would have driven him so . ''
he 'd done too damn many pictures of rome , until he 'd grown sick of the place .
` ` clubs are rotten places .
a place that , despite its crumbling walls , always seemed to shut hart out .
he told me , but he also said he ought to see the place once more himself .
cameron , second - oldest brother of the mackenzie family , had purchased it shortly after his first wife had died , saying he wanted somewhere far from the place in which he 'd spent his unhappy marriage .
you might as well marry me and have the run of th ' place . ''
what must they think of this place ?
always had a fondness for the place . ''
she 'd heard of sailors being tattooed on their voyages to faraway places but had never seen a gentleman with one .
he could crumble at the right touch to the right place , just like some of the walls in this old place .
to many englishmen , india was all one place , the same no matter where one traveled .
` ` why anyone wants to live any place but scotland , i do n't know . ''
unless you knew the restaurant well and trusted the cook , ordering ground meat was a bad idea , because for some places ` ` beef '' was a code for rat meat .
` ` i live in this bloody place .
i just wanted to cool down , smell things , watch animals move about , and pretend that i was part of this world , rather than the place across the river .
the bone staff was supposed to have been lost with the city , but then years later a respected old volhv , who was just a boy when kitezh sank , claimed on his deathbed that the staff and other relics had been smuggled out of the city by him and two others before the place went under . ''
before the magic took atlanta apart , the fourth ward was a happening place with historic buildings from the beginning of the previous century , defunct factories converted to loft apartments , and renovated shotgun shacks - long , narrow , rectangular structures , once reminders of poverty transformed into trendy housing .
` ` i love this place , '' curran said .
maybe to russia in truth , a place they 'd never been .
both places he 'd been full of lazy smiles and cultured charm , speaking with the same ease to courtesans as he did the comtesse .
this place has finally warmed , and i ' m not ready for the city streets yet .
` ` it 's a fine place , as far as england goes .
` ` my pal ruthie told me about a place where she was kitchen maid a long time ago - the man of the house dipped his wick in whichever maid he wanted , and a couple of the footmen too .
the loch and hills could soothe him , even if sinclair had hated the place the first year or so without daisy .
peter was hard - pressed to pick out the so - called comforts of the place , and thought a change of scenery - a seaside cottage in cape cod , or a tourist trap near the grand canyon - might do them both a great deal of good .
not there , of course , but somewhere like it , a place with an impressive name and a reputation to match .
he 'd once even worked as a janitorial assistant up at the college , which was just another reason he felt he could never go to school there : how could you attend classes at a place where you 'd picked sludgy cigarette butts out of the fake plants in nearly every building on campus ?
but it was nearly dark now , the domed sky closing in all around them , and he had a foot on the gas pedal and two hands on the steering wheel , he had emma healy beside him and a strange dog in the backseat , and he was heading to gettysburg , a place he 'd been fascinated with since he was eight years old and was first told about the unfathomable tragedies of that long - ago war .
gettysburg was supposedly one of the most haunted places in the world , with frequent sightings of ghosts in the trees , cameras inexplicably jamming when people tried to take photographs , glimpses of women in white and all manner of wandering spirits .
emma leaned an elbow on the side and told herself it was for the best , that her reasons for coming down here had had nothing to do with peter in the first place , and that once he was gone - doing whatever it was he wanted to do , touring empty fields across the south , searching for reminders of something long since erased - she 'd finally be able to focus on what was important again .
` ` but i ' ve been thinking it probably makes sense to apply to a whole bunch of different places .
` ` but i thought you hated this place , '' dad said with barely disguised shock .
he spoke of it as if he 'd been there many times , and the truth was , he 'd thought about the place so often recently that , in a way , it felt like he had .
at first , she just wanted to get away for the summer , and so she rented a cottage in henley , a place she remembered visiting once as a kid .
what they needed was food and flags and fireworks in a place that was about as far from california as you could get .
she could only hope that in a place filled with so many wonders , it would have still been possible to appreciate something as remarkable and ordinary as all this .
hadley 's never been out of the country before , but she knows enough to know that london is enormous ; it is , in her limited experience , a big enough place to lose someone entirely .
` ` of all the places you ' ve been ? ''
` ` in a place like this , you 'd think it 'd be mayhem .
they met in london , but he 's had jobs in all these other places , too , sydney and cape town and rio .
she realized how much she 'd forgotten in the last eight years ; it was half a lifetime ago that she was here , and only now did she recall the quirky details of the place : the colorful doors and the painted signs on the pubs , the roundabouts and the lampposts , the buildings that stood shoulder to shoulder along the winding streets .
this was a ski town in the winter and a vacation spot in the summer , a place so filled with tourists that it never felt quite real .
` ` there 's a lot i 'll miss about this place , '' he said later , as he helped her up , ` ` if we end up going . ''
it had only been a few days , but already he was falling in love with this place , just like he 'd fallen for tahoe , and so many of the other towns they 'd seen along the way .
and now , as he sat there waiting for lucy , it struck him that the only one he had n't loved - the only city that he had , in fact , been determined not to like - was new york , the place where they 'd met .
there had always been something far - flung about their family , even when they were all in the same place .
and not just any place , but london : which , to them , had always been home .
` ` well , as much as i miss this place , '' dad said , ` ` i ' m glad we wo n't be so far apart next year . ''
now he left the chaos of the market behind , heading toward the water , and as he walked , he thought back to what lucy had said about new york , how the only way to truly know the place was to see it from the ground up .
when the gray waters of puget sound came into sight , dotted with ferries , he found himself thinking about the marina in san francisco and the path along the hudson river in new york , and how in all of these very different places , this was something that rarely changed : the same blue - gray water , the same rise and fall of the waves , the same smells of salt and fish .
okay , maybe that was a bad analogy to make when i was in this f**king place .
` ` you 're going back to that place ?
those places are asking for trouble .
and put out your hands , cops are crawling all over the place . ''
` ` this place stinks . ''
` ` what 's it like in this place ? ''
it was exactly the kind of place i tried to stay away from now that i was losing weight .
this place is getting to be like that awful girls ' reality show , what 's it called ?
with this inexperienced eighteen - year - old dude running the place , it 'll be even more like suicide than it was before . ''
you could cause a spark and blow the whole place up . ''
to stack the deck , he had needed me to date alec , so alec would feel drawn to this place and would n't want to leave for charleston and the citadel at the end of the summer .
this is how he learned to fly in the first place , back when he was a young damn fool idiot .
he did n't have a friend in the place , and his dizziness was progressing into vertigo .
both places were shabby and poor .
big pine is just as small and just as backward as this place .
` ` no , but it does look pretty good compared to this place . ''
that s why my grandmother hired his dad in the first place .
you ve gone far away to a place with no horses and very little grass , and you re studying how to write a story with a happy ending .
it reminded her of how much she loves this place .
elijah had pressed the button on his cell to call his mom and get more information about the disappearing doctor who 'd diagnosed him with mad and prescribed mentafixol in the first place seven years ago .
the kid would have torn the place down if peter had n't taken him out .
but the families with powers who end up in vegas are originally from all over the place , which suggests that there are a lot more of us scattered around the country , even the world .
this place made eggstra !
` ` do you have a map of this place ? ''
the place was usually crawling with foolish mortals .
she was a good cook , easy to get along with , and she made him feel at home even though he did n't remember anything about the place .
with the potion , he could again walk in the daylight , visit places he had seen only at night .
` ` she 's gon na want to visit every store in the place , '' he muttered .
the place looked like a ghost town , and she knew all about ghost towns .
this place was a haven , a refuge from the hunters and slayers who were determined to wipe their kind from the face of the earth .
` ` i saw too many women ravaged during the crusades , and later , in other wars in other places .
` ` is that how you think of this place ?
maybe it was time to turn them loose and leave this place .
` ` why would you want to remember this place ? ''
` ` sure , i hate this place , but i ' ve grown to love all of you .
what difference does it make if they tell people about this place after you ' ve gone ?
` ` i love this place , '' kadie said .
once she had hoped to leave this accursed place and never see it again , but she 'd had to come back .
she had been anxious to leave this place , so why did she keep returning ?
it was a pretty place , what with the mountains and the trees .
this place is like a ghost town . ''
` ` you know what happened to gordon and rob and clarke when they came nosing around this place .
it was what he wanted , the reason he had married her in the first place .
he nodded , as eager as she to put this place far behind them .
he stared at the painting , wondering how she had grown up in this place of evil witchcraft and still remained so pure and sweet .
surely nothing good could dwell in this accursed place .
` ` what an amazing place , '' kristine whispered .
it is a far more cheerful place , if any place where that witch dwells can be considered cheerful .
it is a far more cheerful place , if any place where that witch dwells can be considered cheerful .
if he turns up where you are , leave the place as soon as you can . ''
strange , she had n't really missed having friends in this place , she thought .
he was new to this town , to this place .
she did n't know what it was that she found so appealing about this place .
cara stared at frank , her mother 's words echoing in her mind : someone should burn that horrible place down , brenna had said .
` ` it seems like a nice place . ''
what do you say we wash away the stink of that place and change clothes ? ''
when you leave here , you will forget this place .
being a reporter , she had friends in some strange places , and one of them worked nights in the morgue .
he wondered idly what it would be like , to be famous , to know that people would come to this place long after you were gone and stare at your handprints .
he had been by her side when she succumbed to mortal death , been at her side when the change took place and she had awakened to a new world .
` ` i do n't know , but i forgot to take my suede jacket with me when i left , and when i went to get it the next night , the place was locked up tight .
he had to get out of here , had to get his son away from this place , away from the monsters who kept them in captivity .
there are enough fake fangs and black wigs in this place already . ''
at the moment , we have more pressing problems , like finding out if it 's just coincidence that hunters are popping up all over the place , although you know i do n't believe in coincidence , or if someone 's hunting us specifically , and if so , who it is . ''
it 's a beautiful place . ''
` ` sometimes it all seems like a dream , especially in this place .
` ` yes , henry and i are from the same place . ''
the evidence was irrefutable ; the gate led to a place that was nothing like charleston , or any place i had ever seen .
` ` so charlotte , calvin tells us that you are from a place called charleston ? ''
i felt euphoric because we were so close to getting charlotte out of this place .
` ` the summer is great and all , but this place is dead in the off - season . ''
enjoy the new place . ''
or why not let juliet run the place ?
i joined because it 's where my dad and brother pledged , but i do n't think it 's the right place for me .
chapter nineteen showing up at a festival by myself in a place i 'd never been was n't something i was particularly excited to do , so i was more than happy when jade and kyle agreed to go with me .
i 'd never felt safer or stronger anywhere else before , and i knew it was a place i never wanted to leave .
` ` what is it with this place ?
same place ?
i was the one who convinced him to integrate piano into the band in the first place .
dawn said she wanted to be with someone who was going places .
i was used to firms where it took years to make junior partner , let alone to essentially be running the place .
` ` i happen to like this place . ''
` ` she dated him in the first place .
the world seemed a bad and terrible place , all its denizens suspect , and i the lamb wandering through the valley of death with a bell around my neck .
there were a few other old homes on magnolia creek road , but they were all in better repair than the bellefleur place , belle rive .
i could just see lafayette 's face as he 'd told me about it , the coy way he kept putting his finger across his lips to indicate he was n't telling me any names or places .
but i have to admit , the world is a more interesting place to me now .
normally , fangtasia was the plainest place you could imagine , besides the lively gray and red paint scheme and the neon .
new orleans is like no other place in america , both before the vampire influx and after it .
in other places , the basement would have been the vampires ' retreat , but in new orleans , with its high water table , that was impossible .
bon temps is not a big place , and my family has lived in it for almost two hundred years .
but i think this place probably goes a little beyond a nip in the neck .
was i obligated to give up a job i liked , among people i cared about , to work for strangers in far away places ?
` ` very small places , '' claudine said longingly .
but for the right kind of people , creatures from the depths looking for a chance to revisit the old country , there was a certain charm to the place .
when you spend all your time hanging on the sides of buildings , why go to a place where you just do more of the same ?
anywhere but the post office , watching stamps fly by from places he 'd never see .
i feel as if we are the only adults that are here by our own free will because this place is a madhouse .
this place is beautiful in a dark and moody way .
i just thought that you 'd be in a little bit of a better place . ''
even though dr . christman helped me to see that this place is a trigger for my irrational feelings , i feel like this will be a good starting point for me to try to overcome them .
the one thing that bastardized this place is gone . ''
mark likes this place . ''
it should n't be the reason , but it is , and it 's something that , even though it originates from such an ugly place , has become something i can redeem with her , because she 's so beautiful when she comes .
he wanted to honor the place where he came from - give something back to the locals , like bruce springsteen always does at the stone pony .
the place has changed since you saw it last .
it 's actually pretty conservative for a place like this .
` ` do you know why i ' m in this f**ked - up place ? ''
this place is insane !
the only way in or out of the place i grew up is by boat or plane , and when the weather is bad like it has been , there is no way .
jail is scary and lonely , and i never want to go back to that place .
` ` one day , angel , i ' m gon na take you away from this place .
who would have thought there was a place in the world with pink - sand beaches ?
` ` very few can survive this place , and none without invitation . ''
this place was making the eyriens weak , making them less .
being exiled from ebon rih when he 'd hoped to rule the valley was shaming , but being forced to serve a queen like perzha and admit to living in a place called little weeble was the real punishment .
there was something wrong with this place , with this family , maybe with the whole damn village .
memories of a place called briarwood and men who were called uncles - men who violated little girls .
the place you only see on special occasions .
and she knew it had taken even more courage for him to leave grayhaven and come with her to a place that was unfamiliar and spend time among strangers .
theran gave them all cold silence , which was understandable since daemon sadi was holding him personally responsible for cassidy 's well - being and grayhaven had n't wanted her to come to eyota in the first place .
she had danced and flirted and talked and attended the luncheons with the - well , they were n't aristos , but they were the most influential people you could find in a place like bhak .
maybe she had an ally in this place after all .
` ` why do n't you like this place ? ''
` ` but you like this place . ''
` ` yes , i like this place . ''
this place chilled him a lot more than the cold air .
the place did n't need a queen .
it was creepy enough without one , and he could n't imagine anyone ... normal ... ruling this place .
he did n't want to live in a place like that .
other places .
she was n't even inside yet and the place was already scraping on her nerves and temper .
an hour from now she would have completed her duty to family , rainier would have completed his duty to queen , and they could go back to a clean dining house in amdarh and have a late meal while they figured out how to avoid saying anything about this damn place .
although she 'd bet just looking at this place had given marian shudders .
she was trying to be tolerant of this place because it was jaenelle and marian 's idea , but she was going to talk to them about that little bastard .
this place is boring . ''
` ` i do n't like this place , '' dayle whined .
now that he 'd taken care of all his ` ` partners , '' there was no one to connect him to this place .
and it made him heartsick because the closer he got to the gate in the fence , the more this place feltwrong .
` ` if that 's what you think , why were you so eager to see this place ? ''
especially the places that raise half - blood children as an accommodation . ''
i gathered he never claimed to be the father of any particular child , just claimed a fellowship with children who grew up in such places . ''
i was afraid you 'd just march in there if you found out surreal and rainier were caught in the spells that had been spun around this place . ''
you not only killed this boy , but you told him he deserved to be here ? compared with here , he supposed , thecildru dyathe 's island in hellwas a nice place .
there was a killing field in this place after all .
her race had spiraled down its chasms and canyons and strange abysses for years beyond memory - and had understood that they would never understand this place that was , and was n't , a place .
her race had spiraled down its chasms and canyons and strange abysses for years beyond memory - and had understood that they would never understand this place that was , and was n't , a place .
no landmarks he recognized , and he 'd set no markers as guides to take him back to the border of that place called sanity .
` ` they do , but the place is really ...
` ` just for that , i hope being in this place a few hours makes your balls shrivel up . ''
what use do you think a man like that will have in a place like raej ?
in places that stood in hayll 's shadow , healers were n't always well trained or respected , and some had made the choice to harm others in order to save themselves .
no one will remember seeing a shalador warlord walk into the tavern room - at least , no one will remember until he 's been away from this place for a day . ''
` ` there was n't much sense in sitting back when the rest of you were tearing the place apart , was there ? ''
` ` we 're all on shaky ground in this place .
this place makes my skin crawl . ''
` ` why would wilhelmina have wanted to come to this place ? ''
had she really been mentally fragile or had that place made her so ?
jaenelle 's stays at briarwood might have weakened an already fragile stability , but the child 's eccentricities had been the reason why she had decided to send the girl to briarwood in the first place .
` ` besides , you would have had a different opinion of this place if you 'd been here while ten adolescent witches were in residence , '' he added in a deliberately mournful voice .
well , considering that the witches had to deal with the males who lived in this place , it probably was n't unusual .
if holt had shown up a few minutes later , he could have had the bitch and gotten out of this place .
the spells that had kept him from being detected were proof enough that dorothea and the dark priestess knew how to deal with the bastard who ruled this place .
in the month that he 'd been in kaeleer , he 'd come to love the place .
` ` a child survived this place ? ''
for him , home was n't a place , it was a person - and right then , he needed to know that jaenelle was safe .
some kind of shields had come down all around the place .
but she had spent century upon century turning a natural awe of the place into a subtle terror - which was n't difficult since the one time she had been inside the keep the place had terrifiedher .
but she had spent century upon century turning a natural awe of the place into a subtle terror - which was n't difficult since the one time she had been inside the keep the place had terrifiedher .
` ` ... at every bookseller 's shop - and we went to every one in amdarh - the waif would ask for books about tigrelan or sceval or pandar or centauran , and when the booksellers showed her legends and myths about those places that were written by dhemlan authors , she would politely - she was always polite , by the way - tell them she was n't interested in books of legends unless they came directly from those people .
so it was agreed , and a few days later surreal and titian were in the first decent place the girl had ever known .
` ` from a place called briarwood .
` ` why would she go to such an awful place ? ''
it would be a relief to live in a place that did n't set his teeth on edge .
it was also the only place philip had vehemently told him to stay away from , since his services were n't required there .
` ` a foul place , if you ask me , but no one here does , '' she snapped , then immediately gave him a small smile .
but miss jaenelle 's been in and out of that place since she was five years old for no better reason that i could ever see except that she used to make up fanciful stories about unicorns and dragons and such . ''
here , like most places where he 'd served , he got along well with the staff .
it was a swirling kind of thing , as if she 'd learned various words in various places and had melded them together into a voice distinctly her own .
there was something wrong with this place .
even for hell , it was a bleak place made of rocks , sand , and barren fields .
but so are a lot of places where i have friends .
you know us tv stars , we have places to go , people to see . ''
growing up in the midwest , it was easy to think of l.a . as a very cheesy , very plastic , very shiny place .
this was one of the first places i 'd frequented when i moved to l.a . the first time , and i 'd seen a celebrity on each and every visit .
but , honey , working with golden retrievers in a nursing home is totally different than rehabilitating dogs that have come from some very violent places .
when my dad told me he was running some stuff up here , i offered to come so i could see ... the place . ''
yup , tonight is the first chance i ' ve had to get out there to actually see the place .
` ` holy christ , this place is sick . ''
` ` you 're the jillian of jillian designs , for christ 's sake - how in the world do you think this place is going to run without you half of the year ? ''
i ' ve seen beautiful places on this earth , but this town was heaven for me .
` ` the boys cleaned the place up .
` ` uh ... he ended up in boston of all places , '' he says with a grimace .
this whole place is insane . ''
this place is like a dismal swamp of bleh . ''
this place must have been really interesting in its heyday .
` ` we must pull this place in , and make safe the night . ''
` ` yeah , and we had to be careful because there were no trespassing signs all over the place .
- you 're afraid to lose him , so you wo n't date him in the first place ? ''
` ` this is a pretty sweet place . ''
` ` let 's get this place back into fighting shape .
this place , on the other hand , had an air of hopelessness about it .
the world used to be a much harsher place .
having a feel for the place might come in handy . ''
` ` the world is a cruel place , '' he said .
not in this place with tate .
` ` is it just me , '' paige asked , ` ` or is this place creepy ? ''
of course i knew a place ; i knew plenty of places .
` ` anybody know if robin pope has connections to any of those places ? ''
my grandfather lived in a working - class house in a working - class neighborhood , precisely the type of place my father avoided .
a place where i 'd grown up .
the special ops team ended up in turkey 's cappadocian region - that 's the place where the fairy chimneys are , if you ' ve ever seen them .
i was n't sure if it was better or worse for the victim to have died in such a lovely place .
swords came from a place called the magic shoppe .
` ` mad hatter ii , it will be just like this place . ''
` ` you know this place inside and out .
it was a little startling to realize i 'd never put any of my four wives above this place .
i 'd rather have some pig running the place than worrying about her every night here alone .
jack loves that place .
what kind of places was she talking about ?
i suddenly understood why half the doctors in the place were gray haired or bald .
jacksonville , north carolina , was a place that never seemed to sleep completely .
yes , the roads slowed down , but because it was such a military town with young marines and bars everywhere , the place never truly slept .
he did n't appear to be bothered at all by this place .
most places in the south did n't have basements , so whatever this place had been likely was n't good .
it was ripped and dirty and , frankly , just the kind of thing i expected to see in this place .
i might not have a home , per se , because the last few years of my life were spent in a rented , undercover , ugly - ass house with a granny - pink bathroom , but this lake was a place i 'd been visiting since childhood .
if you do n't , i 'll make your life a living hell in this place .
` ` this place could be full of criminals , '' i said .
that place sucks . ''
just being in this place to get my hair cut was a danger to my man card .
` ` do n't you know the reputation this place has ? ''
` ` this place sucks anyway , '' she said and rolled her eyes .
maybe the place would n't be so bad after all .
` ` you think you can call me in the middle of the night to pick your ass up from the slammer and then not tell me why you got arrested in the first place ? ''
` ` you could n't have known they would blow the place up . ''
he was thin and it made me wonder if it was because he was being held captive by this place like us - except he 'd been here longer .
i could handle this place if i knew he was okay .
man , this place was starting to make me crazy .
you ' ve got this sweetness about you that no one else in that place has . ''
plus the rates here were a lot less than the other places i looked .
hell is a very big place . ''
` ` but hell is a horrible place .
` ` well , hell is a very big place .
to that vile place ? ''
when he did n't have a job , this place gave him one .
i was n't exactly eager to get back to the place where so many bad things happened .
how could a place like that , a place that claimed to be good and light , make this innocent woman live isolated on an island her entire life ?
how could a place like that , a place that claimed to be good and light , make this innocent woman live isolated on an island her entire life ?
i came here for the peace , for the color and the break from being in a place too bleak and empty .
perhaps that 's why i was still here , delighting in everything this place had to offer instead of going back home , where i belonged .
before entering the bar i decided to do a little watching of the comings and goings of the place , so i melted back into the exhaust ( which strangely smelled like cabbage ) letting the thick fog conceal me from drunk , prying eyes .
the angels used to gossip about that place all the time .
this place looks like shit . ''
minutes later , we were all on the sidewalk , relieved to be out of the place .
it seemed silly to be happy to see a place that was n't really safe .
` ` what great place are you visiting today ? ''
` ` this place is scary , '' i whispered .
there was also no sign of life and i had a feeling if a person stayed here long enough , this place would suck the life out of them too .
i was beginning to feel more comfortable at school and in more familiar places , but this was a large place with a lot of people .
` ` it probably wo n't be that nice of a place . ''
` ` you think i do n't have better things to do than sit around this place ? ''
this place was no better than a high school .
charming i might consider alaska a boring place , a forgotten and cold bare landscape where nothing interesting resided .
i liked being in places where everyone around me had money too .
* * * you would think the home of the grim reaper would be a dark and creepy place .
` ` you hate this place and you know it . ''
this was my chance to see places i 'd never seen before , to be spontaneous and do something exciting .
` ` he walked in like he owned the place . ''
if a guy was n't careful , he might find himself turning into a pansy in this place .
` ` this is a nice place , '' he said .
between school , work and this place , you never have any time to breathe . ''
` ` i hear that place is nice .
he 'd told her to leave the place and never come back .
this place is amazing and so beautiful .
you mean about this place ?
` ` i ' m not liking this place at all given its history . ''
` ` so what kind of digs do you have in this place ? ''
jesus , if she did n't get the hell out of this place , she 'd start weeping onto her starfish boobs , and like hell she was going to do that .
for half a second there i 'd almost started to like this place .
she had gone with him to the convent , returning to a place she hated , because she 'd believed she was necessary , and so she had been .
` ` this is a nice place .
i just ... really hate this place . ''
she 'd tried to escape by physically leaving the place , but sister quena had sent one fine pack of dogs to hunt her down .
not to be too cliche , but man did she need to get the hell out of this place .
a few decades ago i went through the death certificates in britain and found her in a place called rottingdean in the south of england . ''
do it so we can fold about twenty thousand people and a few hundred animals out of this place .
i swear i 'd dematerialize to burma and start hunting for you myself , but the damn place is as big as texas . ''
she really had n't expected gq and swagger in a place called the blood and bite .
she 'd grown up with the destruction that the invictus pairs could inflict , which was one of the reasons she 'd left grochaire in the first place .
what had taken place , once the battle ended , had been accomplished by the local realm - folk by long habit , a story all in itself .
the world was such a dirty place .
although it was clear renee did not think highly of this new place .
most smart people were staying in places that had efficient air - conditioning , unlike this place .
katie supposed she 'd always been aware that the place was stinky , but this was crazy .
we 'll go together , but man , i hate those places .
though i have to say no one was at all friendly in that place . ''
new orleans was a strange place , but not that strange .
` ` how could anyone be unhappy in such a beautiful place ? ''
it was this place , i told myself as i sat on the porch , staring endlessly out at the overgrown drive , at the pigeonnier flanking the west of the house , at the new slaves ' quarters marching in a solemn row down by the indigo fields , this place was the reason my baby had died .
but if you really want to know more about marie , or anything else about this place , you need to ask anna .
they would just have to patch things up later , when marley was gone from this place , when alex ditched lizzie and she wanted her big sister again , like she always did .
everyone knew that he was going places and almost more importantly , he was a good guy , a standup friend and never an ass**le .
` ` he does n't give a shit about this place . ''
ghosts all over the place .
i wish she 'd leave this place and go somewhere new , then people would have to see her for who she is , not what they think she is . ''
you asked her to give up everything - her home , family , career , such as it is - and move to a strange place that you know she probably wo n't like .
i mean , just look at this place .
` ` he protected you so well , that he got you into this mess in the first place , '' her dad snapped back .
although he knew he had a long way to go before he would consider himself ` ` free '' from this place .
he figured it might be his only chance at escaping this crazy place .
this place is full of memories ; his house , the park , the all - night diner we used to sit in talking endlessly about anything and everything .
this place is like a drug .
i just meant i did n't want you to hate this place because of me . ''
` ` i hate this place because of what it means to me . ''
he 's usually round this place like roadrunner helpin ' marcey , but not that day .
` ` it was the summer , and everyone knows a place like denny 's gets busier in the summer , just like it does here .
i really do hate this place .
my father , the estate agent to the rich and famous , has chosen to spend his summer in a place where the houses barely hit the hundred thousand pound mark .
devon really is a beautiful place , when you look past the almost - always - there smell of cow poo , of course .
she has more attitude in her big toe than the teens in this place have put together .. and no one knows how to react to it .
especially not back to the place you ran from in the first place .
i knew what i was doing dating a future rock star in the first place .
i do n't want to think of the pain it must have caused her to go back there , to a place she hates so deeply .
i ca n't guarantee that for the asshats in this place .
fucking hell , why does the damn field have to be on the other side of this place ?
we come from two different places .
already i can see why abbi is so taken with this place .
growing up in london and spending half - term holidays in my paternal grandparents ' country house means i ' m no stranger to nature or parks , but i can honestly say none of them hold a candle to this place .
this is a place you have to see at night .
but watching my best friend of a lifetime swamped in love , i realize how much i love this place .
` ` i might actually miss this place , you know . ''
in a country every bit as magnificent as in the movie out of africa and as tumultuous as her feelings about the place that stole her mother .
a boat racing across at a reckless speed would n't appear at all out of the ordinary around this place .
and the faster they got away from this place , the sooner she could start on that .
this place was such a mix of rain forests and desert with dying trees .
` ` there 's no way to keep a romance secret around this place . ''
this place is crazy .
you always did love this place . ''
` ` it 's not that bad , and it 's certainly better than some places i ' ve stayed .
we 'll definitely blend into this place a lot more by acting like a couple of barflies on our way to a motel hookup . ''
` ` i have heard more bullshit stories than you can imagine , trying to crack down on this place .
this place was a lawless hell full of scared , desperate people , and no doubt it would only get worse .
this place rated a negative two .
strong smells were tough enough to handle in a normal situation , but this place reeked .
they ' ve been working in one of the local field hospitals when they were n't tearing up the place looking for her and the kid . ''
` ` this place has turned into such a lawless mess since the quake . ''
` ` well , while this may not be my job , believe me when i say i do feel called to be a part of the cleanup efforts here , to do something for the place that gave my family joshua- '' her voice cracked , and she looked away fast .
she had to leave this place to receive a cochlear implant , and the longer she waited , the tougher those good - byes would become - and the lower her chances of success would be with the procedure .
and then she would follow madison and ted 's path out of this place forever .
a place where people were just as welcome in jeans and mukluks as they were in diamonds and furs .
a place she could no longer call home .
the place might not call itself a cult , but unquestionably there had been a closed society , cultish mentality at play .
she 'd dreamed of leaving here for so long , and now she could only mourn how the place would never be the same .
still , even knowing that the swat team and the local police were crawling all over the place , even sending out a boat to patrol the bay , did n't ease the knot in his gut at the thought of her here helping .
` ` it was a good place . ''
somehow he could n't imagine his practical jolynn growing up in a place like this .
in fact , this must have been the reason he called her to her father 's bedside in the first place .
what 's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this ?
we 'll spring you from this place and get you back to work before you know it . ''
` ` the old bitch that runs the place has it out for me . ''
more of those new task force dudes would be crawling all over the place by tomorrow , taking notes , getting help from shay bassett in trying to ` ` analyze '' their heads.as if that would change anything .
` ` hey , be grateful you 're getting out of this place for a while .
he sounded desperate and pathetic , and yes , maybe i was looking for an excuse to leave this place .
you know , they say amazons hailed from a place that 's now part of modern - day turkey . ''
her job here had spoiled her for any other place .
he 'd been on his feet more this afternoon than any day since the accident - and he was n't a slacker around this place by any standards .
god knows i 'd like to get out of this place and the last thing i want is one of the prison warden nurses watching over me 24 - 7 . ''
that 's why they let you out of the place , because you were in my care . ''
more familiar memories of the place flooded her brain , stuffed fish peering down from over windows with glass eyeballs and slack jaws .
` ` cartina does n't want to become another colombia , so overrun with crime that tourists avoid the place like the plague .
she 'd sold off everything for a fresh start in a place that had one of the lowest crime rates in the country , a great big plus for moving home to north dakota .
` ` this place is n't what i expected . ''
happily ever after around this place still came with heartaches along the way .
` ` i 'd like to ask you a few questions about this place . ''
as if this place did n't have enough uproar brewing .
a detestable place .
please god , do n't let this place have crushed that out of her .
he 'd respected her bravery before , but he 'd been clueless on how difficult it must have been for her to risk a return to the states , to expose her sanctuary with the call for help in the first place .
` ` what do ya say we blow this place , shelby ?
he would finish high school in this uptight place , but if he kept his grades up and his nose clean until he turned twenty - one , he could have his life back .
still , she would miss the peacefulness of this place .
` ` it seems so strange that she came here to die when she always swore she hated this place , that the boredom drove her to drink . ''
if he worked from home , he thought about how quiet the place was , how lonely he was .
ty could n't imagine what she was feeling now any more than he could envision growing up in a place like this .
it felt strange not to have digger greet them with her pathetic whining and begging for attention but lacey had n't wanted to leave the pooch home for hours in a place that was still new to her .
because another thing she 'd realized by coming back was that home was n't a place .
` ` because a smart , beautiful woman once told me home is about the people you 're with , not the place you choose to live .
all the facts he knew about nicole told him he would n't find tony 's sister working in a place like this .
kevin knew all about these places firsthand .
giving up teaching to work in a place like that . ''
` ` i ' m enjoying everything about this place . ''
` ` you know how the mayor gave you a list of unresolved cases , especially those that involved the old winkler place , and told you to do something about it ? ''
and had n't he ended up in atlantic city , a place not too dissimilar to vegas ?
this place , a small police station with dingy walls , an air conditioner that needed to be replaced , and the people in it , mattered .
by the time the doctors signed cara 's release papers and gave her instructions , she was antsy and ready to leave this place for good .
much as it pained him to admit it , he 'd missed the place where he 'd grown up , if not all the people .
living over joe 's and the coffee shop , i have n't bothered much , but in this place ?
you 're belittling a place with good people , a place you know nothing about .
you 're belittling a place with good people , a place you know nothing about .
i could n't see myself growing up in a place like this . ''
this place is so unlike her . ''
not that his caring meant she 'd forgiven him for cuffing her to this damn chair , but if his reasons mirrored hers for walking into the eclectic eatery in the first place , she could begin to understand .
` ` i do n't go around advertising it , but i grew up in a place like this .
what kind of statement did logan think he was making living in a place like this ?
` ` have you ever seen a place that offered pure peace ? ''
` ` this place is a burglar 's dream , '' kane muttered to himself .
a place he never thought would leave a mark on him , much less impact him so strongly .
` ` speaking of tess , after meeting her teacher and seeing that school for myself , i ' m not sure it 's the right place for her .
serendipity was a place she 'd quickly grown to love , a town where she was beginning to feel at home .
` ` i like the place .
` ` i ' m proud of this place and i like what i ' m doing .
she knew how much of an effort it had been for lanie to work in her daughter 's place of business , let alone show her face in town .
since the towns of stewart and perkins were so close , their pasts so intertwined , people from both places wanted to hear what gabrielle had to say .
her vegas , the place she 'd grown up knowing and loving .
he clearly wanted to understand why she 'd associate with marshall in the first place , why she was being followed , what she was still hiding from him .
all the possibilities she 'd dreamed of - a second chance in a new place , with a good , decent man .
not much could make her uneasy , but this place did , and she hated like hell having to be here .
the winter olympics this february in vancouver would take place without him .
` ` and maybe grab a quick lunch at the diner before coming home to deal with this place ? ''
` ` that 's the kid whose father damn near burned this place down , is n't it ? ''
she 's running the place like a military base , '' rose whined .
` ` i ' m not sure i 'll ever get used to the musty smell in these places , '' she said .
` ` that seems to be what this place is known for . ''
we 'd all decided to take our own cars , since we were all coming from different places .
a lot of the time it was because we were renting in a place that did n't allow them .
he 'd been thinking he 'd walk over and strike up a harmless conversation with hannah about alex , then gradually move the subject matter into her work at the school , then ask what had gotten her interested in education in the first place , then follow that with a polite query into her background , and then segue logically into an invitation to meet him at a cheesy hotel later for hours and hours of unbridled sex .
it was home to dorothy , the place she had always insisted there was no place like .
` ` a place you think i ' ve never heard of . ''
` ` i bet your hometown is a picturesque little place .
and he always brought ellen to trino 's when she was in town , because she loved the place so much .
` ` i do n't like this place , '' she said as she stood up from the glass - and - copper dining room table and began to gather up her dishes .
this place is just ... harsh .
` ` this place is crawling with opus agents , '' he said .
then suddenly a year and a half ago he 'd re - surfaced in , of all places , his hometown of indianapolis .
and living in a place like that , avery had felt no desire to get into trouble .
a woman like carly nesbitt , who 'd been pampered and spoiled and coddled from birth , could learn a thing or two about real life in the place where tanner grew up .
she 'd survived seventeen years in this place .
although ed 's had n't changed in the brief time tanner had been away from the place , tonight he felt different coming here .
but whether he was anxious about how she would see the place , or how the place would view her , he could n't have said .
though he could n't be sure if she was talking about the people or the place .
he supposed a place like this and the people in it would be interesting to someone like her .
oh , dixon would have given up every nickel of his retirement , his keogh and his 401 ( k ) to have seen lila operating in a place like that .
but you already know that if you 're coming to audit the place .
he knew better than anyone that the world was one seriously mucked up place .
the place is thick with hackers .
he 'd thought he was seeing her last month in cleveland , of all places , but the woman he had been so certain was lila was actually her twin sister , marnie lundy - a woman none of them had even known existed until about a month ago .
` ` this place would confirm it as fact , i think . ''
perhaps the gloominess of the place was making indio imagine monsters .
anything could happen to a gently reared lady in such a place .
st . giles was a terrible place .
a place where people were driven by poverty , drink , and despair to the depths of a human soul .
had n't he already made it plain to her that he hated the place ?
` ` heathen place .
no doubt he 'd lost weight in this place .
` ` they ca n't be expected to do all the heavy lifting required to clean this place , '' great - aunt elvina said with a frown .
even if he 'd been coerced into the marriage in the first place .
godric slouched in the shadows until he saw the lad who worked about the place come out to empty slops into the channel .
` ` kind o ' you , but i do n't like staying in such a big place . ''
` ` to a place with lots of children , '' isabel replied .
` ` i do notice both you and lord kershaw hanging about the place quite a lot . ''
the inhabitants were out , scrabbling for what money they could earn or steal so they could afford to sleep tonight in this wretched place .
` ` to make money that way - by the labor of little girls and in such a wretched place . ''
` ` have you ever seen such a wonderful place , winter ? ''
i thought a nice walk about the place wi ' the babe might make ' er feel less cooped up . ''
what a dismal place ! ''
` ` while he was away at sea he sent me wonderful letters from his travels , with all sorts of descriptions of the foreign places he saw .
lady hero in this place was so terribly wrong that he had to restrain himself from grabbing her and bearing her bodily away , ranting all the while about headstrong chits , recklessly oblivious brothers , and the myriad of ghastly fates that could overtake a gently bred lady in london 's slums .
his loathing for this place is quite deep . ''
he never saw the sun , he never heard laughter , and he never felt a cool breeze against his cheek , for the goblin kingdom , as you may have heard , is a horrible place .
he had seen places both more fearsome and stranger than this , and few things had the ability to make him shiver anymore .
and if the duke knew how terrible this place was , would n't he let them come home ?
and , after all , england is a very large place . ''
she 'd taken her children from the safety of their home in london , from all they knew , all that was familiar to them , and brought them to this strange , dark place where sweet old dogs died .
perhaps once there she 'd change her mind , see castle greaves for the provincial place it was , and leave him .
his offices were near the docks in boston , a place his sister did n't usually visit .
most of her fellow guests would turn a blind eye if they saw her scurrying about the place in the wee hours of the night , but why chance the gossip ?
` ` it might help if you stopped looking for her in brothels and gaming hells and tried a more respectable place . ''
there 's a good chance it 'll stay intact when the place blows . ''
normally he comes barreling outside whenever someone so much as looks at this place . ''
` ` this place is a f**king dump , '' juliet commented as they passed several more groups of nefarious - looking characters .
hopefully she would n't have to shoot her way out of the place , but that might be the only- ` ` you hear me , heaven ? ''
` ` and what , shoot up the place ? ''
sparks flying all over the place . ''
a rather dull place , i ' m afraid . ''
getting into this place meant a lot to him , and apart from his obvious personality disorders , he 's really talented .
this place was as much a part of me as bethany was .
i knew the world was a cold , cruel place that was just waiting to strike down the ones we loved down .
i veered sharply away from the thought ; it would only lead to places that i never wanted to travel to again .
whitney had disposed of her in a place known for pimps , sex trafficking , and pedophiles , just as her brothers ' parents had abandoned them .
she had never been out of the compound where whitney conducted his experiments , and this place was almost more frightening .
even thinking about the vile place enraged him .
` ` we have ears in the cartel , and we knew the family reunion was taking place , '' mack admitted .
that was why i joined you in the first place and later did undercover work .
griffen had been instrumental in mack making the decision to test for the psychic program in the first place .
she and her mother had spent a great deal of time in both places before stacy had gotten her teaching credentials and a decent job .
` ` the phones are lighting up all over the place . ''
you ' ve got some investigation going and it 's raising flags all over the place .
hell , they 'd been kicked out of a dozen places , run away from more , and yet he was fairly certain he 'd had it better than mari .
he 's going to blow the place .
there was no medicine she could take , no relief from the suffering and violence in this place .
that thibodeaux , he runs a mean place .
` ` you never told me why a beautiful girl like you is all alone in this place , '' the captain said , choosing his words arefu1ly .
bad things happen in these places .
how did someone like dahlia survive in a place so hostile to her nature ?
does this place give you the creeps ? ''
the rain forest was a big place , and there were few humans anywhere near the mountain , yet unerringly , mitro had been drawn to them .
` ` i hate to leave this place .
` ` i knew the oldest brother long before they came to this place .
i ' ve always wanted to travel to other places . ''
she was far too young and naive , far too innocent - looking to come unescorted to a place like this one .
he doubted that a carpathian female would come to a tavern alone , especially a rough place like the wild boar .
tell me , great one , those of the lycan breed were born of this place , what was their making ?
he called out to me when skyler was lying in his arms , the breath gone from her body , and showed me everything that had taken place .
she was surprised that he came up to them , introducing himself to dimitri and reiterating how sorry they all were for what had taken place .
` ` cameras all over the place . ''
` ` so is this place always so lively ? ''
` ` was it a great place to grow up ? ''
one ally when the divorce took place .
i think of this place as a safe haven for these kids .
a lot of kids in those places are high risk .
eliza wo n't make him go places with her , but he is at the house . ''
` ` you know , i miss this place sometimes . ''
` ` looks like this place is gearing up for quite a week . ''
` ` you know how much i hate you living in that godforsaken place as it is .
` ` you must be immune after all those strange places you go off to .
a place where the weather , albeit sucky in the summer , seldom had issues the rest of the year .
the conferences and training take place all over the place , a lot in florida .
` ` there are more places out there , carol ann .
in a go nowhere place , way too close to her mother .
monica would never complain , but katie had ambushed her into staying with her in the first place .
` ` beats this place . ''
the list of places taking in people like her , people with no family or home , was long .
the women in those places led hard lives .
jiminy christmas , this place is something . ''
` ` this place is full of freaks ! ''
the place was a friggin ' castle !
` ` coming from here , you ca n't begin to imagine a place where there is n't much natural beauty , '' i tell him .
there 's nothing joyful about this place anymore , other than the memories that it contains , memories of riding the old train with finn , laughing with him on the bumper cars , running through the haunted house .
it 's just right for this place .
to be honest , the only memories i have from this place are from when i was small , when i spent a summer here with my gypsy - like father .
even as a kid , i felt the absence of worry and stress here in this beautiful place .
i can smell the salt in the air and i know that i will forever associate that smell with this place , with the beautiful maltese landscapes .
chessarae is a beautiful place , filled with dark memories and beautiful scenery .
in fact , none of them knew each other before being turned immortal , for each dracule came from a different geographic place , and in many cases , even different generations .
her heart felt heavy and her head pounded , and she wished for nothing more than to quit this place .
there was a woman in one of the corners who attracted his attention - not because she looked as if she might want to slip into the dark shadows with a man who 'd bite her neck , but because she did n't look as if she belonged in a dingy place like this .
it was well past noon the morning after they 'd retrieved angelica from the horrible , dirty , scandalous place called black maude 's , and maia was tired of waiting for the earl to drag himself from slumber .
he was taking you to an establishment in haymarket that ... well , miss woodmore , if you found your self offended by rubey 's place , you would have been beyond frightened at this place .
but the place where he 'd lived - no , no , where he 'd existed .
but of course he was already considering how to get narcise out of this place .
he had to get out of the place so that he could come back in and free narcise .
why would he do that unless there was something he needed to get out of the place ?
in a place the size of tyler , it 's real easy to get to know your neighbors .
a place that was undoubtedly like jake 's ?
getting out of that place would be a nightmare .
he 'd been adamant that they travel back to new orleans , but new orleans was not the place she wanted to see again .
` ` i rather like this place . ''
guess they were used to trouble in this place , and they knew better than to stay around and watch the show .
` ` this place is n't for you , '' she told him again .
he was too good to survive this place .
` ` but does she know that what you want the most in this world ... is to leave this place ?
the place reeked of antiseptic and bleach , and marna was tired of the icy feel of her own skin .
this place , with the empty shells of bodies and the carefully covered scent of decay , it made her remember too many things .
time to ditch this place , and the shifter who kept staring at her way too intently .
she turned away , not wanting to see that place .
` ` angel blood is being traded on the streets here in new orleans , and i ' m betting in other places , too .
she 'd gone to chance 's house ... and the place had been torched .
` ` he came back here , and he 's been wrecking the place . ''
` ` i thought this place was a humane punishment- '' case shook his head and never looked away from shane .
now she was realizing why the place had been bleached .
he 'd go through every werewolf in the place if he had to do it .
the place is still out of control .
` ` provided , of course , they get there and the whole place is n't already a bloodbath . ''
duncan had gotten holly out of that place with a bellow of fury .
connor hated that place .
` ` i never said anyone would get out of that place alive . ''
she could see where that might be a good idea in this place .
she 'd sweated blood and tears for this place .
the place was getting too hot .
there were signs of impact all over the place . ''
this place does n't make her feel any safer .
that the place made him feel free .
that sound better mean she liked the place .
this place is too much like a body dump site .
the place did n't blow .
` ` i spent the best years of my life in this place . ''
trace had connections all over the place .
` ` did my sister just burn alive in that place ?
the guy 's motorcycle had been found , with its trademark skulls on the sides of the ride , but saxon had gone to ground some place in the city .
` ` i mean , you were wired to this place .
victor had put her in wine country , and it truly was a beautiful place .
he was supposed to be playing the gentleman in this place .
there was no other word for the place .
so just hours after he left the prison , he knew that zoe peters was a twenty - seven - year - old , ex - vegas showgirl who 'd packed up all her belongings and moved to a little town in south carolina - a place called bluff .
but instead of getting some sweet oblivion from pain meds , they had him stuck in this place .
and that deal was contingent on getting zoe peters out of that place alive .
` ` one that will kick in and make this whole damn place go boom ! ''
it 's a big place , but then again , they all are .
you 're wandering around in a scary place and you do n't know how to find your way back .
picking her up in the first place ... dating her ... sleeping with her ... impregnating her .
i ' m so glad i ' m not working in a place like this all the time like they are .
this place is getting on my nerves .
no , i was just thinking that it 's about time you stopped traveling all over the place for work and settled down a little . ''
` ` this place makes me seriously nervous , '' said candi .
the place is probably full of it .
` ` where would that be now , this place that makes you stay in school for half the summer ? ''
i mean , how would anyone have ever settled in these places in the first place without fresh water ? ''
but it 's a nice place .
she always wanted to leave this place . ''
she was n't meant for this place . ''
chapter forty - four ` ` you 're starting to become a regular in this place , '' says nurse ratched number two , the same one that was around for my stitches .
i know from andie that 's where his college is , but i never googled the place to learn anything about it .
bells were dinging all over the place , lights of every single color of the rainbow were flashing and blinking , and thousands of people milled around .
maeve 's words came back to me , how she liked to let the men drive so she could enjoy the scenery ... how baker city was one of the most beautiful places on earth .
the irrational , emotional part of my brain might be claiming that i 'd suffered a nervous breakdown over my destroyed wedding plans or the fallout that awaited me back home , but the fully functioning rational brain inside me and my heart too were both telling me the truth : that this place is n't just a city on a map .
if fairies existed , they would definitely live in this place .
` ` this place gets into your bones and never lets you go . ''
` ` that place that married you ?
it got me out of that miserable place with excellent grades that translated into full scholarships to college .
` ` this place is nice . ''
` ` this place has good bones .
that place is way too sterile for my taste .
i feel like i have cotton stuck in my ears the way all the sharp edges have been taken off the sounds in this place .
no way could i survive in that place .
and they come from places where they do n't speak english , so if you want to work here , you have to be able to do the basic things ... you know ... like communicate . ''
that seems to be the only explanation for why i 'd come over to this place to suffer more abuse .
that place was a health hazard . ''
` ` yeah , well , this place sucks anyway . ''
` ` sometimes , this place can almost be as good as the ritz . ''
different places .
burn the place with a thought .
or what was left of the place .
` ` most of the locals think that this place is cursed , '' cassie said as she pulled the truck around to the back .
maybe they 'd both manage to get out of that place alive .
friends who wanted to know the truth about this place as much as she did .
oh , jeez , but this place was creeping her out .
` ` you get that sweet ass out of this place . ''
he hated those places .
the place that still housed so many secrets .
he 'd wired this place , the same way that his son had wired the chocolate shop .
too many ears and eyes in this place .
they were the best thing about this place . ''
` ` there was a fire at the hospital a few years ago , and after that , the place closed down . ''
` ` i do n't think a place like this is , uh , quite what dr . drake is used to , '' brooks said softly .
at sixteen , she 'd torched the place .
` ` we both know why the doctor got sent to that place .
` ` this place sure is a long way from his life on the ship . ''
because mercer still wanted to know why the eod had been set up for the attack in the first place .
` ` you could have the place rigged to blow .
it had been touch and go on the chopper ride out of that place .
they 'd been so happy to get the hostages out of that place alive .
kenneth could lead her straight to the bomb site and the place could explode around them .
i just did n't have time to tell you before the whole place went to hell . ''
` ` why did i get dragged into this place ?
to get out of that place , she 'd be ready to promise plenty .
it 's so they can hose the place down when they 're done and just wash the blood right away .
they could fly right out of that place .
the town of lightning was so small that if she 'd blinked , tina was sure she would have missed the place .
` ` burn the place to the ground , '' he ordered as he left the ranch .
the place was always so cold .
now the place was really burning .
dane would know the place .
those scorchmarks were all over the place .
and if she had to let out the flames , then the place would burn .
everyone who was there while the place burned . ''
` ` and this whole place will be going down .
` ` they 're pumping it in the place .
but his priority had been getting dee the hell away from that place before any of the vamps had been able to make her death permanent .
the guys in this place tended to run more toward the ` ` good old boys '' and not the paranormal predators .
erin did n't really care how much worse the place was .
` ` you would n't believe this place ! ''
those places , oh , shit , they were hellish .
` ` not your kind of place , is it ? ''
oh , she did n't like that place .
most folks would probably never even hear of paradox , but kyle had never been able to forget the place .
` ` you know , of course , agent hollow , that you wo n't get out of this place alive . ''
this place seemed to hold the taint of evil and death in the air .
the suicide that had made people so fearful of coming to this place ?
` ` there are old paths all through this place , '' anthony muttered .
now , the place seemed so different .
i can check the place . ''
` ` like someone else i could name , i ' m not exactly a fan of those places . ''
hell , he did n't know how ronnie could stand that place .
i want places , i want names .
and they 'd just cleared the steps when the place exploded .
they still had daylight , and he needed to see the place on leroy for himself .
no need to bring another accelerant , not when the place was ready to blow on its own .
he knew she loved that place .
it was just that this place stirred up so many memories .
a lot of people had survived because of this place .
the locals had already been over the place .
a place that had reeked of death and fear .
no one else should know her in that place .
` ` this place is n't so bad , you know .
a lot better than some of the other places i ' ve lived in . ''
it 's hard to stay angry in a place so beautiful .
` ` i hate this place .
i bet she had something to do with me getting sent to the program in the first place .
` ` i thought you hated that place . ''
she later admitted that part of the reason she took him back in the first place was because she could n't stand the idea of him dumping her .
no , his wolf was still as controlled and composed as nick , but he also viewed the world as a bleak , dark , harsh place .
funny is n't it that you say you hate our kind , but you sure enjoyed sexually abusing the shifters in that place ? ''
` ` shit , nick , you really need to leave this place .
i ' ve heard it 's a nice place with lots of land .
` ` i ' ve heard stories about what those places are like .
no , in the beginning , you would n't play a part in the torture that went on in that place .
so i encouraged all the shifters in the place to band together into one pack rather than existing in small groups .
` ` after spending nine years cooped up in that f**ked - up place , my wolf was n't in the best frame of mind .
` ` i ca n't imagine what you must have gone through in that place .
` ` this place looks bad .
` ` if you 're alpha of a place like this , you 're fred flinstone .
` ` she thinks she rules the place because she 's the alpha 's grandmother , likes to boss us females around .
there was really only one word to describe the place : eccentric .
it was one of the places we had visited during our ' honeymoon ' .
` ` the place is quiet . ''
` ` i love this place , and i care about some of the people in it , and i consider it my responsibility to keep everyone who resides here safe .
we 'll do it as soon as we ' ve fixed this place up . ''
the place smelled foul enough as it was .
` ` this place needs cleaning up .
i had to wonder just how widespread this misogynistic view was in this place .
it was part of the tough love of the place ; soldier sense of humour was somewhat different .
` ` he 's the high master of the entire caribbean and other places like hawaii and brazil .
high master over germany , russia , sweden , finland and other places round those parts .
part of the problem was that it had come from many places .
there was probably a witch somewhere in this place who could hook me up with a spell or something - but only after i dealt with more pressing issues , like becky .
` ` she did have a certain way of brightening up the place , did n't she ? ''
this place is boring with a capital b .
there were too many mysteries in this place , especially where celine was concerned .
this place sucked .
anyway , this place is super messed up .
` ` tim , i ' m a little worried about this place .
` ` this place was getting boring anyway . ''
all i could think about as he blathered on and on about responsibility and respect was : when am i finally going to get the hell out of this place ?
where are all the damn paths in this place , anyway ?
there are hundreds of trees in this place , hundreds !
we are in every state in the united states and every country in eastern and western europe , africa , the middle east , and the orient , among other places .
` ` a bit old for that place , do n't you think ? ''
` ` if we tell teeg about the baby , he 'll show up and blast the place , '' norian growled at lendill .
i left that place out of fear and defiance , and that will make it harder to assimilate than anyone knows , harder than if i had actually chosen dauntless for the right reasons .
i 'd like to see the places that inspired those people to write such wonderful books . ''
we slip into an easier , happier conversation , talking about all the places he 's visited .
` ` look , i know we only got the architect 's drawings the other day - but there 's no harm in looking , and the town is an ancient , medieval place . ''
i learned to ski here , and i like the place .
i wonder again if she knows that gia had a hand in this place .
a hell of a lot safer than you are in this place .
` ` you ready to see this place from a local 's eyes ? ''
` ` the girl from the italian place ? ''
` ` our kids are going to grow up in the most beautiful place .
thanks for classing up the place . ''
` ` she grew up in boston , so this place was familiar to her , but ... yeah , my father showed up toward the end of our vacation .
` ` this place is insane , right ? ''
but i ' m sure i 'd have loved living in new york or tahiti or a million other places i 'd never get to .
but the truth is , i do actually want to see these places .
she finagled one of those moderately known , now hugely famous , bands she 'd become friendly with from her blog to play a kill rock stars , not books benefit concert , which brought people from all over the place to our town and raised some twelve thousand dollars , which was great .
shitburg 's not a very wired place , so basically all my research is done at the library , which , even with meg 's intervention , is only open limited hours , most of which overlap with my job .
he turns to me with his still - cupped hands , and i open mine as he lets go of his , and the river water , which has come from places unknown , with stories untold , flows from him to me .
` ` i used to love this place , '' thomas said .
` ` you should do whatever will make you happy , but charley ... a homicide detective in a place like chicago ?
they used to live in a flat downhill from the house , but when joss fell pregnant with luke , braden bought and renovated a larger home a few doors up from the old place .
i had to make him see that all the crap i 'd dealt to him that awful day came from a place that had absolutely nothing to do with him .
bars and clubs were different than the ones found in the quarter ; this was a place locals seemed to favor over the crazytown that went down on bourbon .
a place that harbored a terrible , brutal history .
being provincial meant less than the money and influence it took to get you into the school in the first place .
that place is a hotbed of it - getting hotter from what i hear . ''
` ` you do n't go to places as bad as arcadia on your regular trips ! ''
it 's because i grew up in an annexed region , and even after those places become gemman , it 's only marginally less difficult to make something of yourself in the ' real ' runa than it is coming from the provinces . ''
cynthia really had no idea that arcadia was n't the first dangerous place he 'd frequented these last few months .
a place like that has no appreciation for a girl of your talents . ''
` ` it 's one of the downsides of this place .
came with the place .
their populations had been diverse enough to help them weather the decline better than other places , and they were more stable than most provinces .
there are places that specialize in this .
sure , there was some perverse part of him that wanted to see where she 'd grown up , but after hearing her stories on saturday , he did n't want to subject mae to a return to that place .
` ` that would be a better fit than this place .
chapter 1 i ' m sure ohio 's a perfectly nice place , once you get to know it .
i kept blaming everything on the weather , but a place was defined by more than just that .
much has undoubtedly changed in that wretched place . ''
there 's nothing i 'd like better than to get you out of this cursed place .
i also found it sad that a place called the mimosa land was unfriendly .
` ` i wonder if she could give us information about this place , '' jasmine remarked .
` ` seems like a nice place . ''
` ` much better than other places , '' i added .
` ` i ' m getting used to this place .
duncan 's friendship centered me , reminding me that there was hope beyond this place .
it was especially noticeable after living in a hellish place like this .
is n't there anything you can tell me about your life in that place ?
i took it and saw keith 's name , along with a phone number and address in boise , idaho , of all places .
` ` the same place ... you mean the place that 's so bad , keith would rather be sent to jail than risk going back ? ''
` ` the same place ... you mean the place that 's so bad , keith would rather be sent to jail than risk going back ? ''
` ` that 's what that place does to you , '' said marcus grimly .
there are n't many places in the united states that would be in the eighties in november . ''
by the motel 's standards , it was the best view in the place .
` ` that 's why there are so many sprinklers and fire alarms in the place . ''
` ` the good places book up in advance , even in las vegas . ''
the guardians finally cleared us , and like that , we were on the road , free of the place that had been both a sanctuary and prison for the last month .
` ` this place is n't doing so well , and now we 're damaging their property . ''
` ` it 's a sweet place .
it suggested to the british a grubby intimacy with the place , as if she took india into her very mouth and tasted it , like a lover 's fingers .
i ' m going to need everything i have , or there is no hope of escaping this place with violetta .
but that place is like a labyrinth - i could n't find my way around even after i 'd been living there for a month . ''
` ` this place is so cool . ''
i do n't know why she 's allowing this place to freak her out .
the place is like a little girl 's paradise .
or better yet , never going home with him in the first place .
` ` i ' m not sure any of the places i frequent are good first date material . ''
because as hard as i tried to leave this place behind , as many times as i ' ve told myself that wilder is better off without me , that we 're both better off , there 's one thing i just ca n't shake .
or if i 'd listened to my brain the first time i thought i saw you in that bar , maybe i would n't have chased you outside in the first place .
i do n't know how to be anything else but who i am , and who i am will never be good enough to make it in this place with these people .
this place will win , and i 'll drown in guilt over the things i ' ve done with silas .
the info her dad had given me said she just graduated with a bachelors of fine arts , so i 'd expected her to choose paris or london - some place known for its artistic side .
granted , northumbria was a ragged sort of place , but not this ragged .
i had dashed out of the place , not pausing to change out of the green linen scrub - suit i was wearing , and raced for home , ignoring all speed limits , to find a police car and an ambulance lighting the night with blood - red pulses , and a knot of interested neighbors clustered on the street outside .
the summer rains had been more generous even than usual in this damp place , and the tips of drowned shrubs poked limp and tattered above water that had run over its banks .
` ` nonsense , '' she said , when he pleaded first discretion , and then temporary indisposition , to avoid accompanying her into the secluded mist of the foothills above helwater ; a place she was forbidden to ride , because of the treacherous footing and dangerous fogs .
he had been certain that jamie fraser had died in prison , and had been in a cold sweat of fear over the thought of telling the randall women - until the flip of a page had showed him fraser 's parole to a place named helwater .
` ` considering the way the highland rebels were treated after culloden , it would be very reasonable for him to use an assumed name in a place like edinburgh , '' roger wakefield had explained to me .
well , in any case , there 's an understanding , as ye might say , between sir percival turner and myself , and to find him sending excise officers into this place would worry me considerably . ''
clearly , everyone was as anxious to get away from the place as i was .
they scrupulously avoided asking me questions ; in another place , this might be mere politeness , but not in the highlands , where any stranger 's life history was customarily extracted in the course of a casual visit .
the stink of the place was staggering , even to one accustomed to the stenches of edinburgh and the reeking tween - decks of the porpoise .
` ` and d ' ye think the place ye lived in is anything like what it 's like now , sassenach ? ''
` ` ye dinna hear so much of the towns - only that it 's such a wild savage place , though verra beautiful .
it 's a very big place , you know , '' i added , gently .
` ` and when the prison was shut down and the other prisoners sold to indenture in america , i arranged that jamie should be paroled instead to a place in england , called helwater , owned by friends of my family . ''
the only free man on the place is the overseer , and he 's what they call a griffone ; one - quarter black . ''
it 's no such a big place .
but it was a place that had its secrets , too , no doubt of that .
i ' ve got to support the authority of my teachers ; if there 's no respect for the staff , the whole place goes to hell ... . did your wife tell me ye 'd taught yourself ?
` ` maybe the place has dissolved . ''
normally you did n't get that feeling in places where people had lived , and plainly people had been mucking about on this hilltop for a good long time , judging from the depth of callahan 's trench and the small whistles of interest he gave off now and then , like a marmoset .
` ` what a desolate place .
anyway , i 'd sat down outside the high street church , for i knew that place , at least , and thought i 'd go and ask the minister for a bite of bread when i 'd got myself a bit more in hand .
ye can get tea fine in places like philadelphia or charleston .
the place has a terrible reputation for body snatching , because of all the doctors wanting them to cut up for study .
` ` d ' ye think we stand the slightest chance of getting within ten miles o ' the place without everyone hearing of it ?
but places held tight to the things that had happened in them , and to come again to a place you had once lived was to be brought face - to - face with what you had done there and who you had been .
balriggan , though ... it had n't been a bad place ; he had loved the wee loch and the way it mirrored the sky , so still some mornings that you felt you might walk down into the clouds you saw reflected there , feeling their cold mist rise up about you , to wrap you in their drifting peace .
` ` so he left his job and took to lurking about the place , watching .
there were trees everywhere , thanks to william penn 's dictum that one acre in five should be left in trees - even the avaricious politicians of the twentieth century had n't quite succeeded in deforesting the place , though probably only because they could n't figure out how to make a profit at it without being caught - and many of the trees were in bloom , a confetti of white petals drifting over the horses ' backs as the wagon turned into the city proper .
he wanted to step out on the road , stride down it into the heart of philadelphia , and begin taking the place apart , brick by brick , until he found her .
this filthy place ! ''
` ` the place still reeks .
` ` well , an orkneywoman maybe wo n't be hard to find , then , in a place the size of cranesmuir . ''
` ` do ye ken a place called sheriffmuir ? ''
surely even this place could n't ruin tea ?
( i will add , should you think of establishing a business here , that while the politics of the place are a great deal more congenial to those of the loyalist persuasion than those of the northern colonies , a printer is exposed to much unpleasantness , whatever his personal beliefs . )
once inside , she observed , ' this place is like a stage set .
you do n't wan na work in this crap place . '
as valedictorian , pearl gave the expected speech about opportunities and choices and making the world a better place - she actually used that phrase : make the world a better place .
as valedictorian , pearl gave the expected speech about opportunities and choices and making the world a better place - she actually used that phrase : make the world a better place .
there was nothing unusual or extraordinary about this place to me , but jacqueline sat up straight , eyes wide to absorb it all - the mural - coated buildings painted in sunny colours , the touristy shops and diners , the blacktopped streets that blended into yards with no kerbs , the water and boats almost always visible just beyond .
it 's been months since graduating from what i thought was the worst place on earth , and i ' ve descended into a new type of hell .
` ` as you said , it 's the people , baby , not the place .
i loathe this place .
in a place like the point , there were always going to be bad things that fueled the day - to - day grind .
when people live in a place covered in filth and grime , they have to have vices to make it through .
but novak was no more , and now we were rebuilding the underground , the foundation of this horrible place , brick by oily , soiled brick , because if we did n't then somebody else would .
` ` in a place like this , there are n't very many good people running around .
being a cop in this place was a thankless job , and it was starting to look like it was wearing on those already overburdened shoulders .
` ` why are you still living in this place ? ''
` ` okay , she would n't , but i know how bad that place can be , and i ca n't , in good conscience , just leave her there . ''
i really wanted to turn around and head back home , but the fact that she had told me she was feeling funny after drinking with a couple of guys was mixed with my knowledge of the moral - less heathens that populated places like this , and as a result i could n't talk myself into abandoning her .
this was a bad place , corrupted by bad people , so when the unexpected happened , when something good and just fought its way to a hard - won victory , it was hard not to revel in the aftermath .
this was about him forgetting what made him mad ; this was about him trying to set down the guy he thought he had to be in this place .
i had always thought i could take care of myself , that i was smarter than this awful place that i called home .
whoever this guy is , he knows how places like the district work .
even if they know about it , about how this place works , bad things will happen no matter who the gatekeeper happens to be . ''
i mean , i knew logically that dealing with things like the loss of someone you admired and respected , and losing them well before their time , was just a brutal part of the reality of living in this place , but not even taking a minute to acknowledge how much that sucked was hard for me to get my head around .
race did n't start out in the point , but now that he 's there , he 's kind of decided that he 's going to be in charge of what 's going on in the place .
` ` nassir said the entire place just went up in flames .
i got lost in my dreary thoughts , started to feel like no matter how hard i worked , how much of a stranglehold i had on this place , the worst of the bad things and bad people were always going to win .
this place is more than a warning to spoiled kids and one wrong turn away from the hill .
when she looked up at bax and gave him a wry grin , i realized how fully my little sister had integrated herself into this place and into this life .
` ` it 's not a place anyone really wants to call home , but if you give me some time , let me figure some things out , i can make you the queen of my broken kingdom .
he sounded gruff and i could n't imagine how much harder it was for him , constantly trying to fight the good fight and hold the moral high ground in a place that was steadily sinking into the rot and mire .
there were people all over the place .
` ` i happen to like this place and would rather not be forever shunned because i brought a whiner in with me .
this place is bad for me right now .
it 's a place i ' ve visited on and off for years as samantha jansen .
do you even like this place ? ''
if i had n't moved in a block and a half away , i would never have pictured her in a place like this .
nothing less than grade a pussy in this place , i ' m sure .
the drainage here sucks and the rain from last week left this place just the right amount of nasty .
as i pack a cross - body tote with the essentials , including a towel , i remind myself that this is hawaii and that i do n't need reese to have a good time or to enjoy such a beautiful place .
kennedy gets quieter the closer we get to the place where she spent such difficult years .
` ` does it still hurt you to see this place ? ''
i mean , there are a few scattered here and there , but it 's not like other places where the ratio is more female - heavy .
and that 's the story every cop in the place will stick to .
` ` i know that this place , this town is a nexus for the elements that sebastian must use against you .
` ` am i dressed okay for this place ?
she and her husband had big plans to get out of this place and make a shitload of money .
i know i was forbidden to go to places like that .
` ` this is the kind of place that needs a villain .
and now with both mom and dad gone , and this place up in the air , i ' m just afraid you 'll travel off to parts unknown and i 'll never see you again . ''
while that 's definitely good news , i hate to have her involved in this place in any way .
` ` so , do clumsy strangers have names in this place ?
it just seems right that he 'd be the only guy in the place not wearing a cowboy hat .
he 'll go places .
` ` tad pays better than any of the places i ' ve checked .
in a place like this , it 's easy to see that all mistakes , large and small , have consequences .
` ` maybe for a lawyer , but i prefer this place . ''
this place is so full of blondes i might get high from the fumes .
i can sit at a reasonable distance and watch the place for a few minutes before showing myself .
and the transient population in a place like las vegas was a particularly good fit .
and we needed to run from this place and never look back .
` ` i do n't care what kind of sordid places you frequent .
it was a relief to hear that those girls were okay , and hardly a surprise that they had n't found lynn in that place .
i ' m going places .
to a place i hated .
` ` yeah , you ran out of the f**king place like some motherfucker was chasing you with a gun , '' vin said .
he 's going places .
she could n't support someone who would n't even vote to help fund his alma mater , the place where his mother had previously worked as a professor , when he consistently ran on improving the quality of education .
this place had brady written all over it .
it was a madhouse , but with an energy and brilliance that few other places rivaled .
it made his hazel eyes stand out sharply , and when he smiled at her through the mirror as she was fixing her makeup , she remembered exactly why she had fallen for hayden in the first place .
it felt a bit surreal to have spent so much time away from the place over the summer .
` ` here are a list of places that you should apply .
` ` let 's go graduate from this place .
` ` you know , dear , '' marilyn said , not taking her eyes from her husband , ` ` love blooms in the most unlikely of places .
how do you live in places like this ?
we used our contacts around nashville and places farther afield to get them a tour of the east coast and select southern cities , the bars and coffee shops where nell and i started out and still play regularly , nearly twenty years later .
a day , sometimes more if i like the place .
this place is a shithole .
not just in its unexpectedness , its utter incongruity in the backyard of a london suburb celebrated for its blandness , a place from where native - born artists were noted for moving away .
the fourth grade teacher at the public school turned out to be a wonderful woman called mrs underhill , and for reasons unknown - probably financial , his parents not being people who could really afford even a heavily church - sponsored private school ; though possibly also because it was , frankly , a bit of a weird place and there were limits , after all , for sensible people - george left o come o come and returned to henry bozeman the following year .
not in a place like that .
be good to have a decent horse around the place . '
i really think they wo n't be able to cope without ... well , a woman around the place . '
no one had talked of what might have taken place , and margaret had n't liked to ask , was n't sure even of the question .
secretly she agreed : it was a terrible place .
' england 's a big place .
you 're not telling me i ' ve just spent four hundred dollars on flights when there 's no bloody celebration going to take place ?
the place smelt like a brewery .
and for not once acting like it was my own fault for buying a dodgy doner from a place called keith 's kebabs . '
and suddenly there 's me - gothboy , as dad calls me , like that 's funny - and tanze , who has taken to wearing two pairs of glasses on top of each other because she says the one pair is n't quite right , and jess going nutso on her drive , and kicking holes in her car , and mr nicholls , who definitely has a thing about mum , hanging around and calmly trying to sort everyone out like the only grown - up in the place .
` ` we have a very bad memory for faces in this place . ''
she told him about her upbringing in hampshire and eaton place , the ponies , boarding school , the narrow , comfortable world that had made up her life until her marriage .
she made the odd appearance at functions , and to wish the staff a happy christmas , when he insisted , but the place made her uncomfortable .
` ` he knows everything there is to know about this place .
god knows , she misses having children around the place .
you know what happens in those places .
does this place make you feel good ? '
' some chaotic little place .
i wonder what our childish selves would have made of this place now , with its pocked roads , its men like wraiths in rags , and its starving children .
i sat , the harsh voices of my townspeople still ringing in my ears , my brother 's expression of disgust in my mind , and my mouth dried to dust with the truth of what had just taken place .
she sees janey , gathering her things slowly , her face frozen , as if she can not believe what has just taken place .
' you shutting this place up for the winter ? '
it was unsurprising , considering she had travelled for a day and two nights to a place she did n't know to be looked after by an old lady she had never met .
we thanked them and sent them away - the last thing the poor creature needed was a load of drunken teenagers careering about the place .
then she spoke again : ' i suppose it 's such a small place that it 's impossible not to .
' mr reilly , you know as well as i do that in a place like this development is only a matter of time .
a seaside town enveloped by grey is a place with the joy vacuumed out .
then there were the whalechasers , the fishermen and those who simply enjoyed the presence of the dolphins and the whales , and others who did n't want to see our quiet bay become loud and lively , like so many places that people like us would pay good money to avoid .
' well , that 's big of him , given she 's worked like a ruddy trojan in that place for the last six years . '
i would have said to camilla that she brightened the place up .
this place seemed to have granted him a peace that had been missing the whole time i had known him .
but looking at him now , i ca n't help thinking this place has worked out better . '
' it ... it was a pretty amazing place , ' said nathan .
no , she 's finally got the chance to make something of herself , and now they want her to go to that dreadful place in switzerland and get involved in god knows what .
who do you think encouraged me to make something of myself , to travel places , to have ambitions ?
that place scares me .
` ` i hope you like this place .
the place is a madhouse .
` ` i hate this place , '' i whispered in return .
i 'd rather go and forget this place ever existed .
there 's nothing brave about up and leaving a solid , dependable job and a place where you have great friends who 'll be there for you no matter what you need .
it 's one of the better ones in town and nothing like the place where i grew up .
it 's her best skill in the place .
it 'll give me the excuse to get the hell out of this place even sooner . ''
what 's so bad about this place , huh ?
` ` trust me , when you grow up in places with sporadic electricity or none at all , you learn to amuse yourself .
` ` compared to a lot of clubs i ' ve been in , this place seems pretty tame . ''
they just needed some polishing , and he hoped with his experience they could start to go places .
` ` wait until you see this place , lils .
` ` i see now why you like this place so much .
i could change into something a bit more comfortable , but since it 's lunch with my father and i want to look my best and moon 's such an upscale place , my usual ripped - up jeans , loose t , and flats probably would n't be received too well .
i remember how when we pulled into that parking lot , i wanted nothing more than to run away from that place .
since then , she 's been passed around by almost every brother in this place , so i have no interest in ever having her again .
it 's a place i visit often , but never with a companion .
this is nothing for this place .
there are too many cowboy hats and boots in this place for me .
it puts this place to shame .
think of her while we work to tear this place apart .
` ` take your granddaughter and leave this place .
` ` so , you 're back to that place ?
i always thought being around cigarette smoke after i quit would make me want to smoke again , but something about the sight of her made me wonder why i had ever taken it up in the first place .
he was well traveled , and had lived in new york city for many years , one of the most culturally diverse places in the world .
` ` you 'll love this place .
we have plenty of towels on hand to dry up the place .
` ` yeah , that place makes you poop . ''
she told story after story about their dating history - the places they 'd been , things they 'd done - recalling funny things he 'd said , often making herself erupt in laughter .
the place just is n't the same without you . ''
we come from different places , yet the two of us have a bond in the moment .
and for cutting him out of her life in the first place .
she pulled her car in front of her house and grabbed nepenthe , wondering how she would feel being back in the place filled with so many memories of alexander .
he had never been there before and had hoped to convince alexander to meet him closer to boston university , but his brother was adamant about going to a place called johnny d 's .
i do n't think i ' ve ever had it , but something about this place makes it seem like the right decision . ''
they grew up in two entirely different places .
` ` this place brings back some great memories , '' he commented after olivia opened the front door , granting them both entry .
yesterday had been one of those days when i had nearly begged my little brother to get me the hell out of this place .
he knew that i did n't like places like this .
` ` you know that i loathe places like this .
how many times have we sat and laughed at the ostentatious people who come to these places ?
i knew that she hated those kinds of places .
i had to fight with myself every time i saw her like that not to call child services , but i knew that if emmie was taken from her mom and put into foster care she could possibly end up in a place worse than where she was right now .
` ` this place is swarming with my kind of a good night . ''
the place is a mess , man .
we could use a hot chick to even out the testosterone stinking up the place . ''
that was why she had a personal bodyguard in the first place .
its hot in the summer and cold in the winter , and because of the environment seals the whole place is stale .
no , she knew this place was more likely to get hit by a tornado before any kind of earthquake .
there are more than seven thousand churches , temples , cathedrals , monasteries , shrines , mosques , and ashrams in the city of golgotha falls , half that number situated right here in the district of sinners , a place best described as a religious ghetto .
she lay at the bottom of a shallow impact crater and tried to clear her head , but she was weak too damned weak and the vibe was every one and no one in this place ; the vibe was all of creation and all of creation was damned .
if i had nt remembered this place , it would have been shocking .
if you knew what most of the rest of the country looks like , you d be even more amazed by this place .
when people started to know that these places existed , the terminology of the farm became such a common slang that we even started to see it being used in official government literature .
i knew that between the accelerant used to kill her in the first place , and the massive amounts of raw and mechanical fuel in her system , that she would probably burn until there was nothing but a puddle of liquefied metal left behind .
its a nice place .
a lot of places are locking up their unstablesits cruel butits more humane than death .
guess he was new to the place .
maybe that s why you like this place , ryan .
that kept stress down , thought marianne , who had been employed before in places with sweat shop mentalities .
that is what led her to be a teacher in the first place .
gustav , make with your legal magic and get me out of this place .
that girls going places .
kids , its time to leave this place .
he also remembered that the young woman , just a few years older than himself in fact , had gone out of her way to say hello or be kind whenever she ran into one of the apprentices that called this place home .
no one raised in a kind and caring home , a place full of love and compassion , would behave the way they had .
they would never see the world as he did , a place of beauty and joy .
this place has changed beyond all recognition the stairwell is no longer here !
torch this place .
there s no way you ll survive up here this place is a killing ground !
do nt ask me to choose between escaping this place and my oath as a doctor of our peoplei wo nt do it .
this place is falling apar shepard were fucked !
there was only one shop with that name that sold rafting holidays and it was in a place called cornham hall .
after all , i really did want to find out what had really taken place earlier between sarah and myself .
simon , nothing you have said stacks up and you still have nt told me anything about this place .
if we were interstellar travelers we would need one calendar for us , and one for all of the places around us .
` ` how come i have never heard of this place ? ''
` ` i can image that you made that a condition before you made the trip on the plane in the first place . ''
he assumed whatever came through struck the back wall and exploded all over the place .
` ` but this place is nt normal .
` ` is this place all you dreamed it would be ? ''
you are not of this place and because of that you do not fit in .
this place is hot .
its in a place called stamp line county .
you blew the frigging roof off the place last night .
he loved the mediterranean best , because it gave him a chance to see the old country , his native greece , which was the finest place on earth , outside the good old usa , in his opinion .
this place does nt look that much different from a lot of campuses i ve seen back home , said mike , as they entered the building .
derringer did n't give a shit about the place .
he s giving some sort of lecture in st . louis of all places , and ca nt get here until tomorrow .
i ca nt wait to get back home , said bj , new york is a great place to live , but i would nt want to visit here .
` ` this place is kinda ritzy , '' i said .
it was simply a charred out place , black on the inside and out .
but it would be harder actually living in the place where it had happened .
remarkable place .
this place bleeds malevolence !
this place is a wicked place .
there s nothing in there that would tell us about this place already , schlocky said bitterly .
you know a lot about this place .
his family was from a place once known as new york .
' a little slice of heaven , this place , ' he said .
lights were flashing on and off all over the place .
' this place will be a nightmare of activity for years .
take a look at this place .
' i ' m guessing this thing pumps clean air around the place , ' said dillow , passing a hand over a vent in a large machine covering one half of the room .
but this place .
he said , once mars was a green planet , we could bring all our creatures there to populate the place and help keep it healthy .
i ve got ta get my meds and get the hell outta this place .
he did nt know how bad the trouble was everywhere else , but he knew that place was a hell hole .
unemployment is low compared to many places in the country , but even here stands at almost 5 % .
part of the reason she left in the first place was to find adventure .
there were some places you were too young to take along back then .
i did nt realize you had such pretty girls working the place , terry .
i work for louis blake , the man who helped your mother smuggle you out in the first place .
this place was a silver and gold mining town back when the country had still been called the united states of america .
after the bombs fell , the place became a ghost town .
unwilling to spend any more time than she had to in this benighted place , shed thought she could get to the site , do her tests , and return before nightfall .
this place is unreal , michael said , gazing through the windows .
he tried to relax , but this place just felt so foreign to him , with its lack of street prostitutes and drug dealers and patrolling fsd vans .
peter was probably right ; this place did seem pretty boring .
i m just getting used to this place .
the place had nt really been a city in a long time .
` ` we have to do something ma'am , i mean this is mine and jd 's home world , and i ' m fucked if i ' m having a group of drugged up priests running the place . ''
in most places it was the fuzzy patch of nothingness that hid away at the back of your mind , until one day something wakes it .
deckard had a vague knowledge of what was happening , but not all over the place .
in these places , a wrong word or glance might end in a pulled pistol or a drawn knife .
it was a grand old place that had seen better times .
so prosperity had ended in some places , grew in others .
houston was a place that held memories of atrocities committed on its black asphalt .
` ` because this place is a beach head . ''
he went back to his room to change so he could case the place in relative peace , or at least have a drink in the medina without drawing so much attention to himself .
the moon shakes , the lights flicker and sparks fly about the place .
i do a little work around the place to earn a few bucks .
sounds like our aliens friends are trying to make this place more like paradise by making our streets safer .
i have some of my , what you call drones , heading down to this greenville place .
the place did not smell like a city .
the place defied understanding .
nobody ever came to this place .
those are terrible places .
sir , not service ways or the like , but caves and tunnels are nightmarish places .
but , he had been debating all along with john paul whether or not crillia was a real place and not just a simulation .
in some places the dust was five or more feet deep .
the place felt like a terrible ghost town .
so , are you trying to say that crillia could be a real place ?
in the mass confusion of the place , there was no way to be sure about that .
he knows the place well .
that s why he had enough time to mess this place up so badly .
he did nt reply directly and started in a roundabout way , what do you think this place is ?
the reason this project started in the first place was that the probe sent from earth to investigate the new planet , now called terra two , came back with surprising and somewhat disconcerting results to the science team .
the aunts disregarded any call for a young child 's need for discipline and made every one of sarah 's visits to the convent a trip to wonderland , a place where no rules apply and children are spoiled rotten .
sarah wanted to ask who named her seth and why , where was all the equipment , what did the science program consist of , what was expected of her , why did they all except for seth have to sleep in the same room , if she could visit the library and take a look at the books before her first study session , if the schedule was any different on weekends , how she was going to communicate with her family , and most of all why did this place look more like a convent than a school ?
the thought that she might marry on terra two enflamed the conversation even more when very indignant family members contemplated the thought of raising babies in that god forsaken place .
how about iron , surely there is plenty of it all over the place in this red soil ?
but we surrounded the place , that helped the bank ?
it ca nt be any worse than this place .
right now , we d better decide how were going to get out of this place .
you know , star said , i never thought i d miss mech city , but now i d really like to see the place again .
the sooner we leave this place , the better ill like it .
this place gives me the creeps is all .
winston wanted nothing more than to go with her and leave this place as quickly as possible .
naw , i m sick of this place , rackenfauz said .
winston would have never applied the term to this outlandish place .
this whole place is screwy , winston said .
yeah , she and i both wanted to blow the place up .
i could not wait to be away from the miserable place that yosemite was .
if we had continued on to the dam , which was only another hour in this cold , heavy rain , we would have been out of the dreadful place for good .
it was a spectacular place and could easily be mistaken for an alien world by any nine - year - old .
for one thing , most every being on each planet , rock , crater and constellation in izzian 's neck of the universe knows that intelligent life exists all over the place .
earth had been a place izzian could only imagine through his studies and research .
i mean , for a little green boy from such a cultivated place as klesia moon prime , you seem to be shocked by the littlest thing . ''
` ` dreadful place . ''
i ca n't have people all over the east coast thinking that lancaster is dangerous , because if that happens , this place will be like the world trade center 's death hole .
the place has gone nuts , byron .
besides this place is n't even in lancaster county , so to be honest , your dad 's jurisdiction does not cover this place . ''
besides this place is n't even in lancaster county , so to be honest , your dad 's jurisdiction does not cover this place . ''
and , besides , who would ever have dreamed up a nightmare like jesus town and the aryan redneck creeps who had piled into the place and ruled it like some insane angels posing from behind hell 's doorway .
now , the world had to die at their racist christian hands in a place called jesus town .
` ` i know he loves this place , but i have hunch he has to have arrived at the same conclusion on his own already .
she always wore , as seemed traditional in that place , a soft leather hood over her head delicately stitched with colourful threads , with a beaded tassel hanging from the crown .
i looked back at the cityscape below , i had noticed the same and a dreadful loathing came over me , for i felt a dislike for this place already , but never the less we were destined to come here , we had a task to do and do it we would .
we asked him what port town was like , he told us that he had never been there , but even though it was a gnome town , it was reputed to be a less than savoury place where as well as law abiding merchants plying their wares , brigands and pirates were said to also hold out at times , under the unofficial protection of the corrupt administration .
in the end i was glad to be leaving this place for many reasons .
a human trader had shipped it to the place in many parts on many sand sleds dragged by duagnuats .
it seemed that port town drew the dregs of all the races societies , i half expected to see an enclave of ognods in the place for it seemed to me to be that bad .
in fact i thought it would nt surprise me to learn that the port authority also owned all the inns in this ghastly place , or at least squeezed a percentage from them .
this quiver is crafted to bridge the gap between this world and another place , a place similar , but not quite the same as the world of the ralacry ferdef perhaps , or maybe even the same place , who knows .
so there were ways out of this place , other portals although he had no clue to where they may lead , but never the less an interesting discovery .
if any colour existed in the cloth it was long ago covered and ground out by the grime of this place .
iolrreas , said serinae , will you join us while we eat , i would welcome talking with you about this place and if you wish we can impart such news as we have from our home land .
we settled in to await the return of iolrreas and removed our outer garments and other gear that we did not need here , at least not for the immediate future in this homely and welcoming place .
then i met my future wife , she had travelled to the city with her family from a place i had not heard of , but in those days elves had many dwelling places across dahlambronis , elves were forever coming to kreselnare from across the continent for the city prospered in those times and was the major place for all kinds of commerce .
i remembered something seri had said , retta , you just used the words askun - hesbruunas in the context that they meant a place rather than a people ?
the temperature was also dropping rapidly and this was summer , what this place must be like in mid - winter i dread to contemplate .
nw tried to lighten our mood by talking about the mining habits of his race , how they had honed skills and knowledge learnt over millennia into the art of finding and mining wealth from the rocks within these places .
well i suspect that a similar paradox exists in these such places .
not a place perhaps that you are familiar with , but we are still in the same world in which you live , but in a slightly different version of it if you see what i mean .
but that was not all , he learnt also of places beyond here .
i also wanted in some way to experience what she had experienced in that place , her growing up there with her family , the friendship with tezrins family .
no , that was nt true , there were some places i could not yet go for they would rouse painful memories for me .
space , after all , was a pretty big place , so that course of action was out of the question .
gorn , a place of wonder and terror , gorn , a land where the chosen of the gods , still lift their arms to the sky and pray .
full of desperate longing , to return to the place where the outlanders roamed , strong and free .
the city was filled with off - worlders and waste - wanders , in the minds of the madrigal , it was an evil place .
a place where sin - cravers lived and high - breeders looked down upon everyone else .
andra did not really want to talk about her home , it brought back too many dark memories but she something inside , made her answer anyway , selcarie was a wonderful place , we had green valleys and wide oceans .
it was not an easy , there was very little to sustain them in this place .
this is a dark place of forgotten souls , here all is poisoned , we eat green grana and live but our lives are a walking death .
they 'd left their people behind to come to a place they did not know or understand .
slave workers in this dark and hellish place , did any repairs that needed to be done .
to andra , it did not matter , she was thinking of other places , other worlds .
then she began thinking about that far away country , a place of endless mountains and fields filled with meadow cane , rivers overflowing with clear fresh water and a sky that was blue rather than yellow .
` ` well ... something out there can probably kill you , it 's a big universe , so i would n't go flaunting your new found invincibility all about the place .
humurom was becoming a much more depressing place .
they lived in such a beautiful place .
that city is called wall city , and while i was there i learned why we live in such a terrible place .
if what you re saying is true , orin said , then there s a lot we do nt know about this place .
i ve had more than enough of this place now .
a similar process took place with the damaged robot , though as it was already in parts on the ground it was much quicker .
since you know absolutely nothing about this place , it 's going to take a little bit of time .
i hear that place is like an affirmation of life .
no , its one of the worst places of all time .
it is probably one of the dullest and yet most frightening places you could visit .
the place was a nasty dungeon .
they came from all over the place , seemingly surrounding the earth .
speed factor was a particularly handy thing to have in a place as terrible as hroon .
once the obotron got close enough to the rocks , i peered out of the window and saw a mess of lively activity thrashing about all over the place .
if ever a creature were to be dumped upon this planet and dedicate their existence to cleaning the place up , this was the way to do it .
what we are generally angry about , and pretty much the only reason we started up the confederacy in the first place , is to cause the downfall of sativa - thief fralgoth .
and here is not a very liveable place .
look how crazy this place is !
when i get through with this place , it ll be like it was prior to april 26 , 1986 , 1:23am .
this place is weird .
this place is giving me the creeps , i said , sudden homesickness striking .
particularly because he d killed rhone for them in the first place .
they had learned in their human culture lessons that many people , especially in places like the solomon islands , believed in spirit possession .
dawn was greatly encouraged by this impressive victory over her insides , and as she and rick made their way between the high genesys buildings to the dolphinarium she chatted happily and confidently about all the places she had visited and things she had done with her family that week .
the hormones that flooded through her own physical body while it was taking place seemed to accelerate the neurological changes in her brain , and in the days that followed she became very aware of the dragonness forming within her and of the mysterious fire in her belly .
it sounds a really boring place .
dawn visited the princes mind and told him what was about to take place .
even the inhabitants of eden , who were dolphins in real life , had nt detected it or if they had , it had been completely masked by the excitement of watching the performance taking place before their eyes .
its leaders were top people in governments , in the military , in businesses , all over the place .
from there he would move on to the nearest large town ; a place with factories and a suitable workforce .
why ca nt you just blast the place to bits from here ?
she came to these places to blow off some steam from her stressful job , not get picked up .
none of them appeared to want to venture down the foreboding tunnel ; maybe the location near the water was considered choicemaybe they were waiting for the messiah to come out from the hole , save them from this wretched place .
` ` look at this place , '' i said , turning around to get a full panorama of our environment .
` ` they were getting ready to blow the place to kingdom come . ''
this place -- it 's freakin ' me out .
this place is great !
man , this place is a dump .
( err i think i d rather see the place .
she mentioned a place called metro before we escaped .
ill continue to try to find a suitable world portal that we can use to escape from this place .
some change is going to take place .
i always hated that place .
they are from a far place beyond our world .
the passages do nt seem to be directly connected to places like europe and only in europe , but where there were things that we are never to forget , a reminder of things good and bad , mostly bad , guessed noah .
he mentioned just making peace and not conquering this place .
these places were like large cities , even heavily populated cities , cities of red - eyed nephilims , like a country of red - eyed nephilims .
i would ask that when the battle takes place that i and my friends here be there to watch it take place .
he felt energized and thought maybe this place was doing something for him .
i ' m thinking we do some deep scans of this place and maybe open up a mine or two .
if i am correct , and this place has ores worth recovering , we might be able to reverse our fortune .
the galaxy out there is a sometimes nasty , dirty place , full of people who wish you ill . riley took the measurements and then responded .
but i do n't think it 's a good idea to be flying around a day after we saved the place .
airi and i had gone to festivals here in the summer , and walked around looking at cherry blossoms in the spring , and it had always been a vibrant , lively place .
or what was left of those places .
i would have told you earlier , but with that strange woman showing up and us running like crazy to get out of that dreadful place , there just was nt a chance .
everything about this new place , wherever it was , was nice .
its hard to say , but i m guessing it might look a lot like this place does .
would they change , knowing that the planet they lived on was just one of many and that places like this existed ?
perhaps , she speculated , that was the reason for their presence in the first place ; to give the impression that someone was always watching .
do you think anyone would believe us if we told them about this place ?
i do nt know why dr , cleaver dislikes this place .
i ve found that this place does nt really change you though .
that this whole place is some kind of sick gentlemans club for the homicidally insane !
i suppose the daily routine of the manor numbed me to the true nature of this place .
a place like this always has rat poison on hand .
it had not always been the forbidding place it was now .
we all know there are enough nooks and crannies in this place where a person could hide for a week .
you ve got this whole place fooled .
the bloody place is on fire !
i m glad i only can food because i d hate to work in the place where they actually make this stuff .
what he said was : i ca nt wait until these scum are gone and forgotten london is a place no one remembers .
i ve seen something like this before , in the community library in our zone , but this place is weird .
honour has explained to me that the place were going to is like some parts of london i would be familiar withthe markets and shops and suchbut that everything is beneath the ground .
it confuses me when they refer to london as a town when it is in fact a city , but i ve come to notice that the only place they call a city is america , or rather : states .
lots of other places , the official brags .
were leaving this place anyway , right ?
i think i understand how he feels about us going to the central zones , because its how i feel about staying here , where this place is gradually killing him .
they recognise bran and me ; i think were practically legends in this place .
he had been to space , his son lived in space and so it was not a very foreign place to him .
nobody even knew places like sweden , finland , norway and denmark cared about the usa ( iceland was neutral about the situation bastards ) .of course then tension between the us , the nordic countries and china was still there however none of us could stay mad at each other .
8 : meanwhile in a place similar to hell some women just do nt suit makeup .
he was originally going to just stay for the five months while i was being created ( bioengineered children had sped up pregnancies ) but then he grew fond of the place and bought a freaking huge mansion because he felt like it .
where the hell was starside academy in this giant place ?
this place is messed - up .
that is why feb was captured and killed in the first place .
` ` oh well , the sooner i start , the sooner ill get out of this place '' he said to the room .
before sarah could reply , billy went on ` ` if you think this is bad , you need to know that this place seems to be some kind of hub between two parallel universes .
i have to say , i found it hard to take in the very concepts involved and do nt fully understand the concerns you have for this place .
` ` there s enough ordnance in this place to blow it sky high .
shackleton is all greys and beiges and the adverts are silent , unlike this place .
i can , but i thought that s just how this place smells .
liberty thought the state was drab compared to the exotic places he read about and knew existed elsewhere in the world .
the sarcasm clearly went over her head , so instead he said , it has some beautiful places , and some ugly places .
i come from one of the ugly places .
its a place where navajo can be navajo , but were surrounded by a culture that could easily destroy us .
its not just a place , said nizhoni .
ireland can be a rough place if you stand out .
because of this place , she said .
this place is scary .
i guess that answers one of the big questions about this place .
i wanted him to leave hating the place , hating the people and hating his life .
that s why you were shot in the first place .
such a beautiful ( i better say or the americans will kill me ( just kidding ) ) place .
but at least we were getting outta that place !
what do these people say about this place ?
he seemed relatively harmless to joe at first glance , but he 'd already learned that things were n't always as they seemed in this place , so he kept his guard up .
this place is horrible , lilith !
he took a moment to let the place sink in .
i m not sure that this place makes all that much sense though .
this place fucking freaks me out .
well it was a fucked up place , dan began .
there was a jaundiced blush about the place as if the sun would never set .
kizzy had been educated at valley christian school , a place where children much younger recited bible verse from memory , a school his daughter also attended .
the main street , once home to numerous local craft shops subsequently became home to a procession of wine bars and would - be fancy restaurants that were forced to close for half the year when much of the population returned to the cities , but the overall feeling of the place remained undiminished .
beyond hanging out with friends on street corners and in parks , trying to get of hold of alcohol and failing because everyone in the damn place knew exactly who she was as well as her age , there had been little here to relieve the boredom of her teenage years .
` ` damn place has got us spooked is all , mate .
watching the girls , barely older than they were , hailing from exotic - sounding places like yugoslavia or czechoslovakia , as they twisted and contorted in a dazzling cascade of colourful ribbons , dancing across the screen with such poise and grace instantly made their minds up : they would become gymnasts .
true also that this place was now just another piece of history , a relic of a time that , although it had passed only recently , certainly did not look like it would be coming back .
and it did nt hurt to have someone around because this place definitely gave her the creeps .
he would have stood all day looking out the window , but was not willing to let his guide to this place get to far from him .
he took a long swallow ; it was wonderful to have a little piece of home in this strange new place .
henry realized that given his age , and love of books that he could probably spend the next week talking about this place , and his father would think it was a story henry read somewhere .
this place is kind of like ohare airport for the milky way .
henry the universe is a big place , and although i think parts of the union near the top are up to no good , a very large majority of the keepers in the union are just doing their jobs so they can support their families .
this place is supposed to be haunted , too , so if someone sees you , maybe you ll get lucky and they ll think you re a ghost .
this place has officially turned from bad to worse .
this place is a disaster .
the lost city is a pretty big place with all its corridors and all .
thieves and murderers all around this place .
even our urdu lessons we received from a native english speaker - but you must be extremely knowledgeable from attending such places ?
finally he settled on a simple message : he was sorry and they should pretend the marriage never took place and forget about him .
sir , decker said softly , so no one else heard , were in a bad place here .
you know , i do need to get out of this place for awhile .
this place is a dump .
` ` nice place , '' jimmy told nick while climbing the stairs into the drafty loft .
you wonder if that poster depicts a real place .
a place that is considered a death zone does not seem like a place jaime should be working in .
he was telling them of a place he was told about but had forgotten the name on his journey .
a place that sounded like what rex had referred to .
like i told you , it 's all over for this place .
i think they brought you out of that place for a reason , maybe the same reason they had you go back and fetch the other two .
table of contents episode 1 the thunder rail titan train episode 2 enter the bull - boys episode 3 late birds loot little episode 4 this is your stop , now state your business stranger episode 5 redemption , a fitting name episode 6 the memories make the man episode 7 greetings from grandma episode 8 the mayor , demure episode 9 when good men can do nothing episode 10 a gauntlet is thrown down episode 11 first breaks , tough breaks episode 12 laughter is lethal episode 13 the illusion of law episode 14 a tight leash episode 15 boom - boom , batter up episode 16 an explosive emergency episode 17 she s going to blow episode 18 freeze you fire bombing freak episode 19 the reaction of redemption episode 20 combine and conquer episode 21 word always travels past the warden episode 22 the digger doll episode 23 spurred bulls and bullies episode 24 a charging bull is a blind bull episode 25 beware a burnt backside episode 26 flee you fleas episode 27 a gun - bunny hops again episode 28 the deputy delivers episode 29 a grim gauntlet episode 30 tarnished badges episode 31 new sheriff , new plan episode 32 red bull rage about the author gauntlet episode 1 the thunder rail titan train the world of newport was about as hard a place as they come .
everywhere they looked , they saw rich , fat tourists milling like insects all over the place , burning off their disposable incomes .
magist looked at him levelly , even if i did not already know how well you four work together , the wave has demonstrated that there is nothing more this place can do to threaten you while you have each other .
what has to be done is wield all those groups you talk about , from a rabble taking unilateral action all over the place , into an army .
he 's getting too old to be let loose about the place . ''
that is not to say that whole nations were not outraged at what had taken place .
in a matter of weeks , the whole process would be repeated in places like accra , capetown , harare , monrovia , kinshasa , and lagos .
jo wonders , if it is this place 's equivalent , of a fort , or look out post .
jo laughs at the stupidity of that thought , how was she to know that she would fall into this place and not be able to get back again .
i just get the feeling that it expects us to already know a lot about this place .
anile says , you have a point there rachel , should we fear the new being or should we be working together to get out of this place ?
everyone knows all them bents coming over here and farting up the place , durel said with a straight face .
its just that , them places are hell .
listen , i know we all like this place , but our best bet is still to head for the fema center in oklahoma .
a place like orion minor was full of people too unfortunate to keep dragging into the security station every day just to satisfy the dictates of the higher ups .
if it was up to him , and it bloody was n't , he would redirect the funds the union was wasting trying to pick up old tech in the rim to fixing up places like this .
it had been years and years since he had been to orion minor , and it was time to see if the place had changed .
alice had seen it before - though certainly not in the slums of block alpha - but on her travels on other planets she 'd seen old tech displayed around the place .
with the weather fields down , the place had been a cold , windy , hellish nightmare .
the universe , after all , was a very big place .
then he stuck his chest out to emphasise his own condence , and said , ` ` the people who are destroying the earth are the rich people ... from places like america and england .
that place has a funny way about it .
i often thought rell would be a place like this.^ ^someroa , i would like to visit rell .
in my heart i believe she should have existed centuries ago , back when children her age played with dolls and went to places called schools to learn about all kinds of subjects .
they lived in houses and the adults went to places called jobs and children went to places called schools .
first , she needed to get clear of this place .
of course a place like that had drug dealers .
of course , shed lost her comb at the sheik and there was no way shed trust one out of this place .
this place is a cesspool , she said at last , without opening her eyes .
a place like gehenna is rife with mercenaries .
when she was sure she had the lay of the place , she strode to the bar .
i doubt god cares about this place , but you seem to want to make the angels out as despots .
not a nice place .
or did growing up in such a place create the monsters ?
neat weapon for a place where shed seen several mags jam already .
this place looked like the worst gehenna had to offerwhich was saying something .
because i d be very happy to go , much as i d miss this place .
she liked that place .
to make her own future in a place like new rome , a place where everything depended on wealth and status .
to make her own future in a place like new rome , a place where everything depended on wealth and status .
he gave me some papers with a few rules of the game on them or something , and then i got sick and left the place , and that was it .
were it not for the terrible destruction that sickened that place , things might have gone beyond kissing then and there .
compared to some of the creeps that inhabited this place , george was ok ; like an odd but friendly puppy dog that it was all right to pet , even if you did n't necessarily want to take him home .
he knew that life in one of the most remote places in the country takes its toll , even in the most imaginative minds of children .
he never believed the stories about that place , or any other place they cared to talk about .
he never believed the stories about that place , or any other place they cared to talk about .
most places are run by an awkward combination of these two methods .
wodi had heard of such places before .
it was impossible to tell which direction he was going in ; his only consolation was that the place could not go on forever .
anything but this place .
not to that place .
compared to this place , its a paradise , said wodan .
the boy could be followed * * * barkus led the men in prayer to keep their minds free of the strange place .
the city was full of left over spells , gadgets and bizarre creatures , it was the most dangerous place i had ever known , i never walked around it without my trusty bronze sword .
aris was right , she thought , this place is kind of creepy .
its the only other place that has a sustainable infrastructure .
right before i left the bunker the last time i wanted nothing to do with that place .
this place was much bigger than humurom .
he looked as though he could have been seventy , but it was hard to tell in a place like bozlin .
maybe they might form their own community until this place is cleaned up and come back to rebuild it .
you know for a place i ve been scared of my entire life , this place is pretty nice .
you know for a place i ve been scared of my entire life , this place is pretty nice .
but you need to let that place go .
this place sure is something .
part of me was excited to get a chance to go and see the place i could only imagine in my nightmares .
you mean if this place has a lab .
i for one do not wish to stay a minute longer in this dreadful place .
maybe this place will cheer you up .
every piece from the ginn l. irynkissgthie exhibit was sold to this dreadful place .
this place is not completely dreadful , my sister .
so you see this guy here , the one who s going to get the double dose , a veteran nurse who was then on her tenth voyage , but not all to this particular place , explained to a young , pretty novice nurse how she kept herself amused all these years , well , lets say he s been away at war for a long time .
when you compare a new place to what you consider home , then the place where you are currently can not become home .
there is a way that we can heat the place up again .
it was the last word he would have imagined to use to describe such a fantastic and bizarre looking place .
these books talk about places that i do not know about .
perhaps they used to be a part of this place and have been changed into what we have now .
perhaps this place held more secrets , he thought .
what if i told you that the history you have been taught about this place was all wrong ?
i believe , based on all of this , that there is much more than this place .
i believe that they , whoever they are , want you to think this place is old .
based on this family line right here , using all the names we are given , i believe that it tells us this place is very , very old indeed .
if this place is all that there is , why ca nt we just be happy with it ?
i guess i should be happy dinner is a sharis , instead of beaches or some place more expensive .
how bad you smell , this place .
this place got a gun ?
ai nt no place so crazy as the dreargyre .
and there s some newbies coming in , landing all over the damned place , ca nt keep track of em all .
this place is a total loony bin .
radiation spikes all over the place .
this place was so ... white .
so there they were , walking around all over the place with faces always buried in a three - inch screen .
of course , that was a common story around this place .
the only reason we landed in the first place is because dad was set on at least sampling the land even if it did n't have people .
` ` take a holo for your dad of this place , '' he said .
because the stink of this place is a memory i ' m done with . ''
` ` you know why no one would ever invade this place ?
there , of course , and then the place , jen answered with her eyes blinking wildly .
this place sucks , jim howled like a wasted county fairgoer .
she s read some of my articles , she knows about the places i ve worked and asks about each of them .
mech city seemed like a dead community now a place that had had its heart ripped out .
mech city proved to be a sinful place , not open to my message , he said .
but its got nothing on this place .
i d ride in the back of a hearse to get out of this place .
but send somebody to watch this place ?
the whole place had a raw aspect .
and while the planet was a lush garden with a breathtaking skyline , and while the night sky shimmered like a cavern of gems , she still preferred the place she called home .
she knew things about this place that she should nt know .
in austins schema of recognition , this place made him think of something back home .
once the gel filled a persons lungs , oxygen transfer would take place .
both have been bombed and burned , though one of the places has got some pretty good plum trees .
but it was because of him , she reminded herself , that they were able to save their captain from that horrible place to begin with .
ever since that place , that planet , whatever went on down there , neither of you have been the same .
if the things you say about this place are true .
this place has changed me , there s no doubt of that .
even in this place kramer managed a laugh .
he was lucky in that there was so much to do and to think about besides the disaster that had just taken place .
this is rather a pretty place after all .
yes , many find it fascinating , but its also a violent place with terrible weapons unlike any here .
it 's not such a bad place . ''
` ` come on , '' he said cheerfully as he picked up the bottle of shampoo , ` ` the water heater in this place is n't that big .
these were why he had gotten into architecture school in the first place , but the teachers had always given him a grade lower than what he had earned in reality .
the place was incredibly secretive though , senkan realized as he laid out on his couch .
obtaining money in such places was never easy and rome had been no exception .
i mean , these lowlife places had it all , man .
what s a russian chic like you doing in a viking place like this ?
it really was a beautiful place .
but when a problem prevents itself becoming a problem , i must prevent it becoming a problem in the first place , which is a problem .
not here , like this place , i probably would nt have been born .
i being one who has lived a longer life than you have , and have been to places you could not even imagine or seen , things that your wildest imagination could not even take you to .
louis had never encountered a place like this in his books , his travels or in his thoughts .
i can see you are driven to start your quest and be rid of this place forever .
you can see by looking at this place , i will surely need one .
` ` my god molly , i have been traveling all over the place looking for you and tessie , short stack and chug .
i am so unbelievably lucky to have stumbled upon you here in the horrible place , and what do you mean you have been here for five days cooking rabbit stew ?
the last few days and especially today i were reading in one of mr . beamer 's books about northumberland and the evil magic that rules this place , so i feel i am knowledgeable somewhat about what is going on here .
giving chug another hug on the surface , louis was the first to speak out , ` ` chug i can not tell you how lucky we were to find you in that awful place .
` ` well louis from what i remember that horrible place is a foster home where broken kids who come from broken families go to live when they have nothing else , that house is all they have left .
what an unkind looking place .
there are still creatures that could harm us in this awful place , we can never be too sure who , or whom has survived the floods .
now the tower burned down and the ice queen was driven off , then reborn into the new queen of gwynedd and northumberland , that is what the places were called that i went to where the tower was .
` ` chug she did not care enough to help one kid to safety , nor did hob and they ran the place .
it is not often that i ' m visited by an inspector , from kenos of all places , concerning a murder case .
` ` this is a nice place , '' she said .
in the accounts you ' ve read , is there mention of physical changes taking place ? ''
there were people yelling all over the place .
zinger added that he could see the former luddite going places with his military career .
this place is giving me the creeps , said lynn .
it was probably the partial rotting of the metal , in consequence of the damps of that place , that made it easier to open the coffin than it otherwise would have been , but certain it was that the top came away remarkably easily .
listen , eloise - if there s nuhin worth ma while in this place , you ll regret it !
we are very poormuch poorer indeed than the general appearance of this place , which , i fear , we shall soon have to part with , would warrant any one believing .
i found this fellow during one of my journeys to an odd place named nevermoor .
it must be almost like this when it was flying free and alone in the skies of that other place what had the professor called it ?
could there be some way he might shift it , and bring the whole place down around their ears ?
if not for the fact that shed soon be leaving the place , she would end up like all the other women ; married to some crude man , doubtless a cousin of hers , spending the rest of her days - and nights - in one back - breaking labour or another .
3 the village aoifes village was small , but cleaner than the places walwain had seen during his visit to ulaid , the gaelic kingdom across the sea from walweitha .
being as that was rather than being scared by aliens ( the greys fake beards and glasses were not as convincing as hoped ) they simply saw space as a new place to conquer , a new place to bring a good slice of britishness to .
being as that was rather than being scared by aliens ( the greys fake beards and glasses were not as convincing as hoped ) they simply saw space as a new place to conquer , a new place to bring a good slice of britishness to .
back in the day you had to give chase props for making even the sleaziest or most dangerous place that bit more sleazy and/or dangerous .
you think my lifes not been dangerous working in that place ?
the make shift space port had been set up in the county of lincolnshire , not far from boston , as it was one of the few places that had a lot of open flat land .
trillo and friends have just arrived , there was a long pause , did nt think i d go to fiddlers green in a place like this .
the place was no better than the last place , nor was it any worse .
the place was no better than the last place , nor was it any worse .
of this place ?
it seems impossible to come here , where it all started , to build a new city i mean , look at this place .
can you imagine what they ll do to this place now ?
other than searching for skate and my aunt gabby , they could have no reason to go to a place so volatile .
that can be our bargaining chip to keep this place alive !
it was a pandemic unlike any the world had ever seen , and our city this place was the genesis of it all .
you ve always brought some sort of trouble to this place .
this place is always awe - inspiring to me , jenna said quietly from the edge of the room , and damien glanced up from the impossibly perfect model of the ship to look at her .
his mind turned to the destruction that he had watched taking place before the jump .
well looks can be deceiving , and if you do nt need my help , than what is our plan on getting out of this place , and not sacrificing the last hope and all that .
the next day the reports started coming in and we saw that almost all the stories were identical , they were all in the forest , but none remembered going there or remembered why they had gone in the first place and furthermore most knew of the plant and that they should never ingest its poison .
i remembered the many nights i had woken to strange dreams of frightful places and nightmares plagued and haunted me .
that is what this place is based on .
i do nt want to go back to humurom , but i do want to see this place and meet the people .
she wanted to explore the place humurom was scared of for so many years .
its just that this place had hope for me .
they would have to venture into the very fires of the arabian peninsula ; a place few had dared to travel through and only myth and legend recounted with any great romance .
i always knew you wanted a job like that , but i did nt realise you wanted to do it in a place like here .
after going to all those places around the world with you , i got a taste for it and the one place we d never really spent a lot of time in was the middle east .
the book did say the excavations and restorations at sumhuram had been extensive , patroclus replied brightly , so maybe they ve managed to clean it up better than this place ?
hopefully that ll keep the developers away or else before you know it , there ll be a big , fat shangri - la resort smack - bang in the middle of this place before you can say show me the money .
all right , remington , you ve felt bad for the last time in this place .
when this place seems normal , maybe ill start to worry .
it dragged me for a lifetimeto this place .
we were all humans we just came from two different places .
we just come from two different places and have evolved a little differently , that s how for the most part we blend in and no - ones the wiser .
` ` i love this place , do n't you ? ''
i 'd like to stay for a while longer , to visit atlantica , to visit other places on land !
i know how these places work .
` ` maybe this place ai n't that bad after all , '' lincoln said as the wooden cup in front of him was half filled with the deep , red - colored liquid .
` ` this place is freaky , '' shamira said .
arimus put his hand on the youth 's shoulder and said in earth common , ` ` remember , this place is not what you 're used to .
` ` maybe this place wo n't be as much fun as i thought , '' lincoln began .
` ` this place is incredible , '' he said in earth common .
` ` you know , '' lincoln said , ` ` this place could be very interesting .
* * * hansum thought how he found this place interesting too .
now all he has to do is learn how to stay out of them in the first place .
this place is weird , said pace .
i think you should go , you obviously know nothing about what goes on here , if you did you would nt be talking like thiswe help these children , we love them , we give them a home and were not the only house of our kind - there are a number of other places like us operating in this city ; are you even aware of that and what th we are looking for our own children , said madi .
they can do anything go places talk to friendsplay gamesget medicine madi took over the explanation .
from the stories he had heard about port royal , it was a pretty wild place .
aye , jenny agreed , port royal has the best food of any of the places i ve been .
with your brains and my good looks well really go places .
good enough to hire her in the first place and to ask for her help now , even though it was highly unusual to ask an outsider to become involved in tribe business .
i lost his father to that place ; i do nt want to lose johnny too !
alright , but when we move on the goth place well need all the men we can get .
this was a strange place , but water is universal .
it could have been a coming rain that i smelled on the air , though , from the look of the landscape , the drought that plagued our world was just as bad in this strange place .
after a trip or two around the place , she always came to my desk to share her findings .
when we emerged into the long , sun filled days of otherworld , we dropped our packs to the ground and simply took in the sights and smells of a place we 'd come to love .
` ` wilbur , this place is getting too noisy for a man to get his rest at night . ''
it is a squalid place but it is shelter .
the ancients had secret entrances all over the place , as the archeologists love to call them .
the particles are then re - tuned to the dimensional frequency of the destination world - this is the process by which the technology advanced beyond intra - world limitations of teleporting , to allow inter - dimensional travel ; secondly , the machine sets up a wave between the dimensions , and a signal is transmitted ahead to the receiving station , identifying the object being sent and activating the far station into ' receive ' mode ; when a responding message is received , the third part of the process can take place ; thirdly , the particles then ride on the back of the wave to the destination .
but there was a feeling he could n't quite shake looking at the place .
the mojave desert , even in the old world , had been a dry , harsh place scant of vegetation and hostile to life .
there were zoos in other places , of course .
this place does not like strangers , that is for sure .
it did nt seem as frightening a meat - market as some places he d been , but there were the obvious types to be seen .
whenever they finally left this place behind for good , it would be too soon before she ever saw another clump of fucking fungus again .
you re delusionalyuma has never been a great place to visit .
i ve asked hq time and again not to put any raw dome soldiers out at this post , given how highly contaminated this place is .
putting up with the white collars , the stiffs , they were a true headache to do business with , but the one place that was worse were the hospitals .
thus when the great dying took place , that was the number i came up with .
the bottom line is , the earth in 2067 ad is not that pleasant of a place and was only going to get worse .
while the events that occur in rome 's revolution center around the disappearance of winfall ( first observed in 3418 ad ) , it was the dimming of capella in the year 3420 ad that caused the overmind to dispatch a research team to tabit in the first place .
the practice of magic holds less wonder for me now , and i expect the elves are little more than a small collection of wispy fellows whose lives are made mysterious by living in this secretive place .
this is sir nevin the reasoner , whom you have not seen because he has travelled here from a far land , a place with wondrous inventions and machines , and a race of tall humans .
who knows what his motives are , but you can bet he had some reason for building the damn thing in the first place .
however , my time as a professor is over , at least in this place .
with some secrets from this place i could easily get one , you know .
some place else , of course .
its a beautiful place , you know .
most people in my situation would have been happy knowing that a murderer was on his way to a place often described as being worse than hell , but curiosity , coupled with an unquenchable thirst for truth , had already got the better of me .
the universe is a huge place full of grotesque things that always seem to happen when you re least prepared .
for a moment , he was startled , but then he realized what must have been taking place .
rumors are that smart kids are popping up all over the place doing that little levitating trick .
if you manage to survive in this place you might even come to enjoy it .
the cold sweat and shudders only intensified as she also realised she had no idea how to get back to her own office in this terrible place .
plus it showed off her figure more than she 'd expected which would be useful against someone like zep in this place .
` ` that old fool 's new project to try and improve this place .
` ` i ' m just looking around and getting a feel for the place , '' beth admitted , already having decided she liked this man , ` ` can you tell me a little about what you do here ? ''
he is a high lord of this place and dangerous .
the sooner they got out of this place the sooner she could go and have a nice little breakdown in a quiet corner somewhere .
trust me , favours fester in this place and honestly training the teds does n't cost him anything in the long run .
` ` no , while they do rule this place i look at things from a corporate viewpoint remember , and while the board of directors make the big decisions it 's up to people like us to ensure the day - to - day running of the organisation .
as i understand it the hammer and the necro - tech , and all the others who run this place want things to improve , but do n't want to actually lift a finger to change anything themselves .
everybody in this place is a demanding , needy bastard .
oddly you 'll find that particular streak of stupidity runs thick in this place .
as i said earlier , a nuclear synthesis process takes place in the cores of stars , as a result of which a new element is born in the periodic table .
the place was a little more lenient then most when it came to that kind of stuff , probably because even though he had a car there was nowhere for him to go .
we ca nt as you are not really part of the movement , the less you see of this place the better , leo said .
do nt you think it would be a good idea for me to have you here , someone on my side at least , peter said , he was desperate for at least one somewhat friendly face in this place .
even if they were only a group of four it was still nice to have a connection to other people in the same place he was .
yeah , its nice enough i guess , peter had never really worked anywhere else so he did nt know that places could be worse than where he was .
they were on the eastern seaboard , a place with a noticeable lack of fault lines before the war , it was like the conflict had cracked the earth , had made it less stable .
on the positive side it was a much nicer place then this and he could see them all there , all of them happy , all of them trying to change the place for the better instead of just trying to live .
peter navigating streets he used to know , getting back to a place that was a little sane , a place where humanity was still in control .
peter navigating streets he used to know , getting back to a place that was a little sane , a place where humanity was still in control .
that was what had got humanity to this place in the first place .
they had assumed that john had escaped into the woods , so they were probably on the lookout in nearby populated towns and had nothing to do with this place .
seeing as these are circumstances as dire as war , and this would not be the first time someone abandoned the law in wartime very well , zolnerowich , said jane , standing up , if you see me as such a threat , then perhaps i d be better off out of this place .
they re all over this place .
they re not gon na fall for the same scheme twice , and even if they would , there s some business to do in this place that does nt exactly involve complying with standard procedure .
this place will never be the world you want it to be , she continued .
this place is about to light up like the god damned fourth of july !
they need to see this place for what it truly is .
if we fail , then my home will come to look very much like this place , drellic thought to himself , as he paced back and forth beneath the dome .
why do you think this place is so remote from everywhere ?
you mean there are more places like that !
never liked the place much .
i sawi thought i sawthese glowing little balls of light , flying and floating all around the place .
plus they have an enforcement arm called the brotherhood , which is a bunch of hired guns and strong - arm types mainly from eastern europe , places like bulgaria , serbia , albania .
leela and i had first come to red rock country in the mid - nineties , and had fallen in love with the place immediately .
so a lot of that stuff been built and now wells been dryin up all over the place .
they have offices all over the place : in moscow , in london , paris , rome , tokyo , new york , mexico city , you name it .
you know , there s a lotta stuff going on out there in the world , like the whole place is falling apart .
then watch the video monitors through my eyes as everybody in this whole place goes into a delta state .
they ve got security people all over the place .
unless the place gets bombed out before we get there .
there is no government left in those places .
that worked well for years , until the water in sedona was nt flowing regularly anymore and the city defaulted on its bond payments for the plant and the whole place was closed down .
when our little group arrived at chickentown , the place was a model of anarchy , greed , fear , and violence .
listen , marty , this place really creeps me out , said the hacker .
funny how this place reminds me of sedona , said leela .
check it out , there are riots breaking out all over the place .
none of you will have any idea that this has taken place .
to make us believe this is just a regular town , a place like any other .
if you go in there , shooting the place up , do you think he 'll tell them to bring you in alive ?
if we destroyed this place the way we destroyed earth , it would be terrible .
there 's a place that a lot of the people i hear from have heard about , down south somewhere .
today on the radio i caught someone talking , and it sounded like he was talking about the same place i have heard about .
there were towers all over the place !
we buried her today in huntingtonville , a little place outside of the city .
she did nt mind going to a place she had never been before , but she felt lonely .
you know , if i was nt a prisoner in this weird planet and all alone , i would actually enjoy this place .
while the places maybe real the author has used creative license .
i could nt remember seeing one , but you never knew with these places .
you re gon na like this place , johnny , i guarantee it !
they re pretty relaxed for a place like topanga .
he spoke of it as a place he never intended to return to .
it looks like lugrash had bank accounts all over the place and was distributing funds into additional accounts under all sorts of different names .
and colin hess , the head of hessian , is very close with jack french , who it turns out is the same man who authorized the weapons theft in the first place .
its a krokator neighborhood near the heart of the place called crocktown , and nobody in their right of mind goes that deep into the shit .
as i was saying , it is the responsibility of us , as a galactic body , to move forward in unity and with the security of our citizens and their leaders as our foremost priority , but in that respect , we can not forget the ideals that led to the creation of the league of planets in the first place .
for reasons no one could ever explain , he failed to match the place with the experience .
he was hardly surprised to discover that travel advertising images of the town were long out of date as the place had changed a bit .
i do nt know how you can put up with the bullshit from this place .
i m not sure how much longer i can handle this place .
even if he believed we came from the future , he said , how could he live in a place that was so foreign to him .
i love this place , said amy as they walked through the campus .
what about this place ?
this place is not so different from 1895 .
that is not a service we offer , but we can refer you to places that do .
you are probably already acquainted with those places , said suzanna .
you get to eat in places like mansurs .
i have never heard of it , but apparently i have not heard of many places .
it had been a fascinating presentation about the timbisha tribe who called the harshest place in america their home .
i wonder what geological force brought you to this place ?
melissa pondered the question for a while and then she thought of the one place that she had fallen in love with years ago .
that would be wonderful ; its such a beautiful place .
what about that place ?
those are the survivors , minus one , who got smuggled out to a place with better medical facilities for that sort of thing .
this area has n't been under suppression as long as some other places .
` ` the last i 'd heard , it was still a civilized place over here .
in all those places , it was n't the objects that were the anomalies .
i heard it 's still a pretty place .
` ` this place is nuts !
hidden away in this strange place , could creatures of mythology possibly conceive of space ships and asteroids ?
but living is too mild a term to use for life in this place .
surely , living here in this wonderful place must have shown you that !
i have n't seen much of this place yet , gus , but what i ' ve seen so far looks far more remarkable and valuable than a mountain of diamonds .
and furthermore , the gus mcgregor i knew for several years would never leave a wondrous place like this for diamonds or fame , or betray his friends or the world !
bates was beginning to already not like this place .
this seems something like that field that surrounds that black pit place back in carolina , but much larger and stronger .
but this place , these people , have made me completely change my view .
this is the world of a very active clan , not some backwater place .
i do nt think i like this place , said tiny , looking around with a frown .
he sat down and just as mr . jones had said everybody came to life unaware of what had taken place .
its a lovely place .
wherever she went , she carried vivid memories of this place with her , the most beloved place in all the world .
the true transgression had been to keep silent about the secret circumstances surrounding the serum experiments in the first place , even though she knew the others would be horrified to learn them .
an elderly man sitting on a mat under the shade , a wise man and tutor who had once lived in the nearby palace of the per - ao , was telling his usual stories of the kings and of far away places to a group of children who had gathered at his feet , when suddenly one of the children asked where the great sages had come from .
` ` my grandmother allia claimed that even the comet riders came from different places .
well , jerekkil comes from a place where the people understand that .
the place where fynals hinev was from .
` ` you love this place , do nt you ?
you know , it might not be such a bad place .
the unknown reason was that arialsynai had become to hinev a place of misery and turmoil ; and hinev had known he could escape the circus arialsynai had become .
they put you out to keep you safe , and to keep hidden this place .
i thought , how could this place be that old ?
first , said brock , holding up one finger , find our way out of this place .
` ` man we did a number on that place .
with all the smog this place produces its a wonder how people stay clean . ''
lad , how can ya stand the smell of this place ?
the ship protected them for now , but how long could civilization last in a place as wretched as this ?
this place was now a ghost town , and it would forever be this way , regardless of whatever foreseeable future lay ahead .
her little beauties would rule worlds once she took them from this place .
the place is fantastic , jenna , xandor said .
since orange park had exploded in the 70s , the place had sunk to a level that all older neighborhoods seem destined for .
the place seemed to have an electricity about it that i had never felt before .
he resigned from his job in disgrace and after her trial and conviction , he moved away to some place only a handful of people knew .
bedlam , who had failed a year due to his grades , was still a senior this year and he had witnessed what took place between tuck and me .
we drove to my old neighborhood , the place looking even less respectable some eight years since i left it , and pulled up to a house with a mercedes parked in the driveway .
he said sarcastically , that place is so tight , the local news has a ghost stories page about it .
of all places .
the warrens homeworld was a much darker place , so they mostly come out at night .
- yes , but now well i m on a holiday here or what , and i would like to know what this place is because i m curious .
or some place larger , some city that had enough people to spare .
while it began only as a nickname , everyone knew the place officially as hometown .
this might be a good time to visit that place you folks call hometown .
if it 's such a big deal , like she said , how come we have n't heard about this place ? ''
` ` boomer , what kind of odds do they have in this place ?
while i do n't remember very many details of my image of the place , i know there were a lot of toy airplanes and most everything was blue .
` ` boomer , one thing this place is n't , is crooked . ''
nobody got a word of publicity about the most efficient gambling den in this place . ''
mmmmmm ... whatever 's in that grog , i ' m considering taking it with me when we leave this place . ''
` ` they 're coming in from all over the place .
he could not die until that final annihilation had taken place .
i ' m sure that they went on trips to other places sometimes , but at least they had one home to go back to .
but i did not want savannah to get the wrong idea , thinking that i was supportive in any way of the place from which she had been exiled .
perhaps it was her association and continued pining for paul , tyre 's true right - hand man , but something told me that her ties were not completely severed to the place .
but god , if she gets any more proof that its true , she s going to go north and light that place up .
now there was a colder and darker reality to the place she was growing accustomed to .
they were obviously beasts from the other place , but highly evolved ones being in this point in the future says drax .
all over the place , its the norm in this place .
drax says he needs to get something like a letter or postcard from someone about someplace in the mail place here .
i ca nt wait until tonights bash ; we are going to rock the roof off to the place .
in a way he really is in a better place .
it 's strange walking through a place where all hi - manity has vanished .
in many places , they simply cull them twice a year .
` ` i ' ve been running all over the place looking for you .
this place was teeming with life , and she , just a little girl , was just ripe for the eating .
a lollipop of a water tower marked the place as a typical farm town with little to do except bowl , rent movies , or go to the bar .
not just the junk the tourists threw all over the place , but the people themselves .
canlal is gone , unfortunately , and when i knew it and it was alive , it was a desolate , thieving place , riad said .
they spoke of it as a place where few still lived , a dark place where the people had broken souls .
they spoke of it as a place where few still lived , a dark place where the people had broken souls .
you can prove to yourself she 's not who you hoped she would be and then you can leave this forsaken place .
this place was violent and cruel .
now let me tell you , my first reaction in such a situation is to wonder whether this is just another of the many simple weirdos to be found on this planet , or perhaps one of those people whose pleasure it is in life to cause mild annoyance a few times a day , or whether he might even in fact be a homosexual on the hunt , they re all over the place these days , and more and more of them with every passing year , let me tell you .
but , make no mistake , these are all good chess players , some very good in fact , and there is a sprinkling of masters among them ; national masters that is , not international masters or grandmasters , you would n't find them in a place like this , they scrape their living playing for teams in the major european leagues and on the international tournament circuit .
quite a large place you might thinkbut that only refers to a part of it , the part you know and can ' see ' and which you call the universe .
thanks to the multitude of international organizations and multinational corporations based there , it seemed to me as if there were millions of these creatures all over the place .
maybe he spends non - rainy days wandering around all over the place smoking cigarettes .
he was going bald on top , not a problem for a guy cemented into a marriage with four kids running around all over the place .
warm and sunny , transforming the slough industrial estate into just an awful place instead of an appalling one .
and in mallorca i know exactly which hotel i will be staying in initially , a favorite of mine , into the sea off the rocks , too expensive to have any screaming kids running aroundnot their fault , kids scream , you did and i did , but no way do i want them cluttering up my space , no apologies for that , leave all the stress and the shit ( metaphorical and literal ) to the players in the reproduction gameand waiters all over the place , all of whom have had some kind of training and actually pay attention to you .
if the event did not occur , however , the meeting would not be taking place and i should present myself instead at nine o'clock on tuesday morning at new scotland yard and ask for him .
to be sure , it costs what it costs , but you get adults only , you get a luxurious room with a wide balcony overlooking the ocean , you get two pools , large pools , orif you preferyou walk down into the sea from a ladder fixed to the rocks , and you get service , you get well - trained waiters and you get personnel all over the place .
earth was a place none of them had seen , no one they knew had seen , and no one the older generation knew had seen either .
letters he had learned years ago before his first year of primary school : e , x , i , t. what the trit is this place .
dogs began barking all over the place .
do nt look back and blast this place to hell .
inside , it was surprisingly bright and i discovered that despite the word around town , this place had changed .
how do i know this place is n't the biggest lie of all ?
this was how this place would try to break me .
the crazy old man had taken my starla , and now i had taken his little one , and everything was so fucked up now , and i held gertrude close to my heart and spilled my tears on her scalp , telling her how sorry i was , and this place had finally broken me .
* it was a quiet day at the police station and walt felt like he had the place almost to himself .
he 's stinking up the place . ''
` ` the same ca n't be said about your place . ''
as she walked purposely across the muddy , unkempt street , she recalled her mothers stories of a time when this place was a safe haven for many .
the world had become a cruel place for those who were unfortunate enough to be born into poor families .
it had only just dawned on her how much she would miss this place .
but in this place , she was nothing but a newcomer , and one who was struggling miserably .
she wondered how such a nice person could end up in such a tragic place .
never did she imagine she would be in such a beautiful place .
the prevailing opinion about their neighboring countries was that they were vicious , brutish places of savagery and debauchery .
you should nt have to toil away in that place .
they re one big cesspool of a place .
# as deeply as nita believed that there was beauty to be found in anything , she had to grudgingly agree that some places did a better job of hiding it than others .
there are a lot of places i have nt been to but this place is unusually quiet , even for an industrial centre , melec said .
this and my penchant for playing with gamma - radiation - emitting materials are why i developed my shield in the first place .
it did nt take long for groups of marauders to form all over the place when the greyskin virus showed up three years ago .
i did nt want lucas to hear the act take place .
the red nebulae in the background provided contrast , hinting at places so far away that they were almost beyond all knowledge .
and you 'll find yourself a stranger in the place where you were born .
soon her extended family would arrive from new york and other places to celebrate christmas .
this place was making them crazy .
` ` why do you live in such a gross place ? ''
` ` i ' m not so sure this place is what people think it is . ''
either this place is that under control or they ve become that complacent .
i m sure news travels fast in this place , and i have nt really seen much of them , save for when we all come home to sleep .
he took a seat on the bed and said , how d you like to get outta this place and into a room you can all share ?
shit , man , even dying is nt an escape in this place .
i m beginning to hate this place already .
its about making a better place for any kids that are leftthe ones that made it .
there s beer cans all over the place .
next thing i knew there were flashing lights all over the place .
but there was a lot of southern history in the place , for those who knew .
there are bound to be reporters camped out all over the place .
finally he said , boston is a cool town and all , but ai nt no place like the a. cambridge is hell on a doraville boy .
nobodys getting in this place .
we ve got this place sewed up .
the world was a harsh , cruel place .
in gym class at the end of last year he d weighed about one hundred and fifteen pounds but thought that in this strange place he probably weighed about half that .
he thought that people sure liked to talk in riddles in this strange place .
well last week this whole place was crawling with people rushing all over the place , driving cushmans and all .
there 's literally no one left to run the place . ''
` ` this place looks like a dead planet from the outside . ''
` ` some place you ' ve probably never heard of . ''
this one goes places , john replied .
when i told them she was n't here and i did n't know where she was , they beat the crap out of me and then they tore the place apart looking for her .
zarcon was a horrible place under my father 's rule and it will continue to be that way with my brother as emperor .
it sure seems like you know a lot about this place .
another problem with being an individual and outcast from most places is that most places do nt care for you just on principle of you being you .
another problem with being an individual and outcast from most places is that most places do nt care for you just on principle of you being you .
some places consider this a antiquated tradition while others follow any news of it like a sporting event .
even if the place is very kind and respectful of all beliefs and life you can still find rebellion .
americas embrace has made those places safer .
mom hated that place .
i had nt told her that i had nt been able to reach him and then there was the truth about why he d moved out in the first place .
this place is likelikea diet camp .
amy was right : the place stank .
we could have been on the road and away from this place days ago , but instead we ve been rotting in this stinking hole .
i m just a little creeped out by this place .
tiny place .
as for the place , like i told you , its near kinder .
it was a liemercerville was far south of the mountain place , but richters eyebrows shot up and a little smile lifted his heavy cheeks .
the mountain place and all of it throwing mr . richter across the auditorium was for me ?
and those places responded with their own bombs so what are you saying ?
how big is this place anyway ?
* * * lily came home as requested but her heart was heavy with what she perceived as the failure of her life plans and with guilt for not being able to love a planet which by any description was one of the most beautiful places in the universe .
` ` what a beautiful place ! ''
a chance dart throw lands her in quicksilver , an off - the - map place with a big problem - people are dying , and word is , it 's supernatural .
it occurred to me that this place would make a very good prison .
perhaps that made him the oddball at a place nicknamed the mad science institute , but he was a doctoror he was going to beand he had no wish to cause harm to something as precious as a human body .
it goes into much detail about who experienced what , and when things took place , as well as the various projects and research people involved , but unfortunately , it only skims over some of the more important parts , such as what was revealed by higher beings to people when in these other dimensions or altered states .
charles had nt been to the university since alices death , as he pulled up in the parking lot the whole place felt foreign to him , the school had lost all its meaning to charles .
the local constabulary was actually responding ; surprising for a place like this .
this place is huge , brazel thought .
i like this place ; everybody minds their own business . ''
not yet , but once we get jobs , we can fix this place up , good as new .
this place is giving me the creeps .
perhaps , but that still does nt explain why he played the lottery in the first place , nor how he won on his first try .
i had enough saved up to buy a cheap car , or better yet rent one that might actually work , and be free of this place forever .
it was a peaceful little place , one of those towns you hear about with just the one traffic light .
at first i wanted you to have a sleep test at a hospital , but i do nt trust those places .
a place i was once proud to be a part of .
it 's been the talk of the place . ''
one is helping my own people survive this place .
not that i have an extensive knowledge of the place , though . ''
` ` you seem to know a lot about this place , genevieve .
i d never heard of a place called beaumaris , but it seemed to hold judgmental weight over annalise .
no matter who wins or who dies , nobody will ever look at this place as home again .
then i d be dead in sondranos proper , working a meaningless job in a place nobody will remember in twenty years time , save for the memorial they might put up .
lower side was a cruel and dangerous place made up of all the people that the rulers deemed not perfect enough for their side of the city .
hope comes from a place where people are discriminated against for the way they look .
you 're going to go places .
if it had n't been for her implanted transponder letting us know someone was alive , we would have slagged the place from orbit , '' khouri shuddered , his mind replaying the video showing the facility overrun with vegetation , including a lump in the lab section , the vines parting , slithering away when the recovery team approached , only to reveal the gaunt form of the junior biochemist .
or they will alert the whole place .
the forest here was different to the one that riley perhaps thought of as home , if she thought of any place like that .
in some ways , it looked like this place was going to be worse than the gemeng village .
that was another reason messenger liked vearlas place .
i knew a valkar who travelled many places .
i m from astar too , i know how shocking this place is at first .
well if you know this place well , then ill trust your judgement .
this is a horrible place , she began slowly , i do nt want to live here .
you know , this place was much more normal when it was on the ground .
she had barely known that such places existed .
he hardly remembered the place at all .
he hoped the place had nt changed much .
how can you live in such a place ?
that place is veryunique .
this place is a dictatorship !
it was a beautiful place , full of wonder , but it was dark with its acceptance of servitude .
i gave up everything that i knew to be with him , travel across the galaxy , to places unknown , to people who were alienall to be with my one and only love .
ten studs can get you ticket to a place like this , twenty a car , thirty a house , and so on .
other places , they send us their criminals for this very reason .
you 're very young now and you are going to need to stay in this place a bit longer .
do you remember my friend that i was telling you about before , the man who could help us get out of this place ? ''
he remembered his father telling him how he was special , how he was going to be free from this place someday .
what 's down in the place alice saw ?
i meet folk in caps or calgonnels offices occasionally , and i ve visited tannas dad in his office before , but they do nt hold a candle to this place .
you re a bit of an obvious elf in a place where there are no other elves .
this place gives me the willies .
fuel is leaking all over the place .
we ' ve got incursions all over the place and scrynets pegging ned activity all up and down the front !
this place is eight kinds of fucked up .
what , do you expect long - term employment from this place ?
if backwater ass countries like australia could make something like that imagine what places like europe , asia , and russia are doing , i said aloud .
it 'll be hard not to if i remember the place rightly . ''
i hope so anyway , otherwise the whole place is a con . ''
` ` i ' m glad it 's you two next door , some seriously odd characters wandering around this place .
` ` it 'll do that to you , this place .
this is indeed a lovely place .
does he dream of someday escaping this place , or does he want nothing more than to stay ?
he was tall , far taller than me , and his burnished skin , so incongruous in this place , stretched and rippled across his taut muscles , glowing almost as much as mine in the weak winter light .
were almost done with our work here so hopefully we can leave this place soon .
i 'd always thought my family lived in the most perfect place possible .
not in this lovely place .
this place must really be backwards .
we do n't want to visit a place that rips off spacers .
he did n't know what surprises this place had in store , and he did n't want to bring up an elevator car full of them .
others had said that it was a dark place , a land of fire and ash , for the emperor , cruel as he was , could only exist in a world devoid of life .
the place is going to burn down , benjamin .
i would never want to hurt this place .
i m really going to miss this place .
ill be really happy to be out of this place .
this place is going to burn .
with the place on fire , they ll probably go back out there , too .
the universe is a big place , and time is even bigger .
if not mother nature and not man , what could be the reasoning to the events which had just taken place ?
how would we survive , how could anything survive in this place ?
this place was just as bad as any war zone , desert or jungle , he had toured .
so , top that title - less liz of planet - less place , where ever you hail from .
i spent a few years on the streets in rochester , bigger place , as a kid .
she hated this place and everything to do with it , always had .
this place is like a city of dead , she finished .
this place has gone so bad , and it seems the more we plan , the worse it turns out .
i turn out to like and revel in this place , you know .
he still thought about it as a place he was only visiting .
when frank had called jimmy , he had only wanted to know what he knew about the place .
in a moment , willie , but first we must talk about this place .
there 's been nothing from that place for over thirty years .
horrible place .
fenshirk is a busy place and the judge does n't take kindly to bounty chasers , he said .
if you go around believing places are ' evil ' then you 'll soon run out of places to go , he said .
we lived there for a long time , cleaned up the place , buried the dead , there was enough food and water to last a lifetime .
it 's the voice of longsteel , the brains behind the place .
now you are in the highlands of the cold north , the barren hills and valleys of a place now home only to annoying little insects and wild sheep .
over half from many different places .
i ask around , see what people agree the place might be called .
` ` that means this place was evacuated .
but the thought that this place with its sharp , clean scent and its chattering nature was always here , safe and waiting for humanity to return to it as tia walks mutely beside me and branwell trails his fingers through rustling white flowers , i go to war with myself to keep tears from spilling onto my cheeks .
some miserable place called hull where there s more rain , more wind , and more grey .
as much as i miss my home , i can find no way to returni have tried and tried to go back , pleading with the bracelet , offering covenants with any devil that may listen , begging all the gods that remain in this rotten place .
if the green house was neat and pretty , this place is a clumsy mess .
this place is something else , something more than the safe towns we deposited civilians in .
i do nt see how this place can be any worse than forgotten london so i say , yeah , why not ?
it might be a vile place but it was chosen for a reason .
maybe this place is the same .
not desirable is it , living in a place with a lot of conflict ?
forgotten london was nt the kind of place you wanted to bring a kid into , and with the life expectancy of twenty what was the point of having a kid you would nt see reach even five years old ?
so i ve been wandering around this place , thinking i m safe among the ordinary people , and everyone can kill me without even trying .
forgotten london was nt a very understanding place , or a forgiving one .
i thought manchester felt alive but it was a speck of life compared to this place .
behind my eyelids i see black figures dropping from the sky , crawling all over this hate - free place , turning the pretty sea side into a war zone with their electric guns and grenade pulses .
this place gets weirder by the minute .
to look at this place , it was nothing special , just a few multi - story buildings dotting a green valley in the climate zone of the planet .
she just did nt like the place .
the land looked and felt like earth , and yet jeremy knew that he had never been to this place before nor could he recall how exactly he had come to find himself in such a forsaken place .
jeremy could not imagine a place any more confusing than where he was .
nothing could last forever , but the longer he could stick around this place , the better .
riley mathis was a relatively short man with a stocky build with neatly cropped hair , a dark suit and an expression that said he would sooner be away from this place .
you know some yuppies still come out here , having no connection to the people of this place , and get high off their asses on peyote to commune with the spirits of the land ?
they could not believe their eyes , so much life in such a desolate place , it was nothing like they had imagined from the pilots vague descriptions given to them second hand by mathis .
alice , benjamin , i need the pair of you to take in as much visual record of this place as you possibly can .
that would cause massive electronic interference , and could be why charleston crashed his plane in the first place , she explained .
drifting in space would actually be pretty interesting , space is a pretty amazing place .
a small backwater place in his home country .
there was no worry about a satellite strike but if the squawkers wanted to a large enough bomb would wipe this place out .
yicle sipped his coffee , surveying the compound , not a bad place here , he commented , do the esstons treat their pows as well ?
i think i d survive , certainly a place conducive to sanity .
there were little burnt patches all over the place .
yes , but that s not what home is ... you know home when you re there ... elshan re - joined the debacle , for me , terranch is the place that reared me .
the place is crawling with them , ariot reckoned .
makes sense ... well have to have some forensics go round the place ... ariot sighed , knowing the spy would not have left a thing .
a very subtle coop had taken place .
janessas mother , was one of those stalwart solarans she did nt believe any other place existed , so of course she lived in solara .
whatever it is , i whispered in her ear , it ca nt be worse than this place , surely ?
this place always made me think of old men with wispy moustaches , standing in the sun twiddling them and talking about the state of the empire .
she said it would help to broaden my horizons a bit to come to places like this .
within its pages were the words of a man who had been to places he should never have been .
i am desperate for something that will help me to convince two mortal adults to leave a place which , as raj quite rightly states , has kept them alive all through the winter at the end of the world .
is this why you wanted to get rid of the place in cincinnati ?
in most places its solid black and does nt look like a natural color .
i do nt like this place , i say loud enough for rian to hear over the noise of the cafeteria .
amateurs like you could tear the whole place apart as soon as you step in .
can you tell us the things you knew about this place ? - the androids processor ran quickly .
he found he could remember a lot more of this place than the playground ; with its dim artificial lighting overheadrelaxing to the eyesand the rubbing of shoulders as people politely competed for room .
ca nt you re - create it like you did these places then ?
i have to agree with mr cameron , this place is indeed displeasing .
so what is this place anyway ?
it did nt help that one sentence played over and over inside his head : your mind was not prepared to take the strain of this place , l'armin had said .
i ' ve seen what you went through in this place , though .
i ve got to say , you ve got a hell of a place here , nate said .
it 's like all life is just sucked into this place and never comes out .
that was a place i had heard of .
and in a flash i realised that if this modern world was anything like the eighteen fifties , the place they would put delusional people - that is , those society judged to be insane - was not a very nice place .
the one at st george 's got rather full , you see - london is a large place these days .
a gravely solemn brick and stone monstrosity loomed over us in the darkness , a building with too many chimneys and vacant windows peering outwards suspiciously , as though it saw the world as a hostile , savage place .
it 's not a nice place .
( either a superstition or alternatively the term was a complete invention of alfred watkins ) london has a great many ley lines ; it may explain the mysterious richness of this place and the many paranormal anecdotes in her history .
i must admit that now i ' m pregnant again , i do teleport about the place .
is he running the place yet ? '
a lot of nice , friendly people in this place would just love to get acquainted with your biggy murphy ; it 's just that kind of place !
nick o'malley was going to settle down easy in a place where there were blue skies , clean air , and cleaner women .
but she knew that the world was an unjust , unfair place , because the man who had murdered her father was dead , and fate had robbed her of her long - sought and long - planned revenge .
my detectives have located the poor old bugger , who is hiding out in ireland , of all places !
i moved in with him on my eighteenth birthday , and as for ajax he joined the marines to get out of this town , but when he came back from afghanistan , he decided that there was no place like home well , you ' ve met him now .
my only hope is that dmitri is good as they say he is , and finds the entrance to that old tunnel into this nasty place and rescues those girls .
( boos ) both of us graduated from this moldy institution together , and decided then and there that there is no place like home , so we managed ( from different sides ) to worm our way onto the gravy train right here at berkeley !
nobody is fired , he repeated , but edelstein and a few of the others had enough , and walked out the place .
i do nt think this place can stand up to those things .
if i d had the sense not to stoop for his check that day i d be 2000 miles from this place in my nice warm bed .
she once sent me a letter from the place , a very subdued one in black ink with sensible remarks about the weather and the food and the visiting hours .
with the correction i remembered that he was the one who had told me the andromeda business in the first place , long , long ago .
lets get out of this place .
as if someone were reading her thoughts , which would n't have surprised kim in this place , the television went dark and the door opened .
richard believed that gene therapy was the wave of the future , but the development of treatments was only as effective as the depth of understanding of the genetic mutations that caused the affliction in the first place .
good grief this place stinks !
clean the place up a bit , you know ?
sweetie , nearly every woman in this place right now has , at some point and time , been head over heels for eli .
a place called sterling .
there 's just something about this place , you know ?
it 's a tough place from what i remember .
i thought you said this place was tough ?
for all we know , the place is a goldmine .
here , for the first time , is the real byron : the bleak and tortured soul struggling for all its years to outmaneuver a hostile and uncaring world , a place full of thorns and nettles , where tricks and bold talk were the only tools capable of clearing a path .
haven may be a terrible place for some .
the city was a bustling place and had a gritty side that appealed to him .
martinique watched the entire process and realized what had taken place .
in new holland and other places like seattle , washington , toronto and vancouver , canada , ninety percent or more of the population reveled in the gothic look .
the unfavorable weather did nt stop the movements and excitement of the weekend in a huge place like new holland .
kerri was upset , but powerless to change what had taken place .
he could nt make money with tanks rolling down the streets and guns blazing all over the place .
no one could turn back the clock on what had taken place .
people on the outside of the construction site who walked along the streets thought an earth quake was taking place .
names are repositories of the past ; they mean nothing in this place .
the brigadier sauntered casually after them and continued to explain : there was a mass revolt coups all over the damn place .
its fair to assume that they are right ; the amount of criminal activity here is negligible for a place that has established so many laws .
chris was going to miss this place .
the ardent glint in his father 's eyes , so familiar whenever he spoke of higher powers , stifled steffor 's chortle at the thought of a place having the ability to choose anything , much less a citizen .
he had to remind himself of the harsh living conditions of this place .
i have always wanted to explore other places so i feel like this is a good reason to go to central city .
it helped the time pass in this disgusting place they called a plain of existence .
carmen hoped some bitter sarcasm would help manifest such a sneer , its that place with the swimming pool and team sports games you ve never taken me to see .
carmen eyed dannys fat ass , why did you leave this denver place ?
there s nothing different about this place , as far as i can tell , said dastou .
this place ... its messing with our heads somehow .
that seemed impossible to dastou ; this place , at his best guess , was older than written history , at least six - hundred years .
but that was nt what bothered her ; it was the fact that she had to go home , a place she dismissed from her mind as a lost cause when she left to join the academy .
this place could go to the black in the sky for all she cared .
they had only just gotten there and already davys was sick of the place .
this place is full of psychotic people who would just love to kill you !
the universe is a cruel place , she said honestly , and when you are ready , we will leave it and rest in peace for all eternity .
an interminably seedy place , skulking in the shadows beneath the viaduct . '
so they elijah and aliyah , along with their friend , henry , were running out of gas back then and had to stop somewhere , they wound up in a little place called crawfordton .
there were a lot of military assets moving all over the place with a lot of citizens intermingling with them .
the primies place was a drift - town like none i d ever seen before .
my mistake was not realizing that every hovertruck in the place is bugged .
been there most of my life , but i traveled for a while , and i got to see a lot of places .
just the idea of going back to the place where his father had died made julian 's hair stand on end , made him want to crawl into the darkest sewer on atlas and never come out .
` ` we were wondering , '' kelvin began , ` ` there 's this um , well , she , we could n't help seeing , when we were at work this morning , well it all started when we had to leave home , not our first home , but we were living in some other place . ''
the first add - on had come after her father died , and she was alone with those people , the corpse eaters , in that wretched place .
the small world expands for a heartbeat and contracts again , unaware that places like this can even exist .
nothing from wal - mart in those places .
some places consider this an antiquated tradition while others follow any news of it like a sporting event .
an ancient place called cornwall in a land called england and will they accept us as refugees ?
she had been to the abbey before to listen to a music recital and she had liked both the place and the people .
however , the suduri had long since fled to places unknown .
here is the actual exchange : it is a nice place to visit , but i never wish to live there again , she said .
the robinsons had no intention of ever moving to a place like milledgeville for good .
i do n't want to leave my car here with hoodlums running all over the place . ''
but with his stimulus grant , jeff was the all - star when he walked into the place .
but that was a place where many did nt survive , so there s no guarantee what happened to him once he was in .
cmon , lets get a look at this place .
this place was a very poor place to meet someone ; it had a limited menu and terrible food .
in a short time he would drive away from this place and never see her again .
this place had always been a vacation town , a weekend getaway most people visited to cram as much fun as a family could in a few days and then leave the rest of the mundane week to the natives .
the attractions were dazzling like las vegas but she had always thought that this place made her feel like she had gained not lost something of her humanity when she went to bed at night .
he did n't want her living in this cold place without power or reliable heat .
that place is no good and the whole world knows it .
ion knew that the tone of foreboding the man spoke with was owing to the fact that the outer spectrum was deemed a dangerous , unnatural place .
and they were the main cause for the outer spectrum to be deemed to be such a deadly place .
the mans gaze sharpened at this second out of bounds topic that they were now delving into : if not mystics , the non man beings , the completely inhuman life forms that inhabited the scarcest region of the outer spectrum , boded the major cause of the fear people held for that place .
gosh , this lonely place does nt have a lot of visitors does it ?
here , in the igrac hills that was somewhere in the middle of the planet enro , the cold aura about the place at night was nothing short of ordinary .
for a quiet moment , he surveyed the place about him .
as the demon took shape , he allowed his gaze to travel over the place around him for a few seconds , while the entire street around him gaped at him , wondering what in the world this strange new abomination was .
this place is getting weirder by the minute , carmen said .
the only way to beat that place was to hold all the loose ends in my fist .
they were still so afraidthe world was a scary place on earth , toobut they were nt fighting for their lives every day the way they had been since the arrival on purissimus .
you do nt want to raise a baby in a place like this .
my instinct tells me that you thought this place would break me , but as you can see , it has only made me stronger .
for me , this place is full of ghosts .
she gestured to rohanna , well , rael did nt , but he knew her outside of this place , so he knew what she was capable of .
as we drifted backwards , away from the place that had held us in its grip for two and a half decades , i would stand , and in that strange bizarreness that can only be experienced in the hynogogic state , i would wave , my hand moving slowly , as i watched that steel monstrosity disappear into the clouds and gloom .
soon , when we leave here , we will be together as we would have been outside of this place .
he had seen her dance , there was n't a dancer in the place that could hang with her .
it was one of the things he loved about this place .
free draft beer one night a week if they bought soldiers by all week long and told as many as possible about the place .
because that place creeped me out .
in some places the drops from surface to surface was more than six inches .
every day you hear of more places , and that 's bad , but then there are the ones that you do n't hear from anymore , and that 's even worse , '' billy said .
` ` i got to the point where i really had begun to hate the place . ''
the one that had started him falling in the first place .
how many normals do we have running around the place ?
wherever imagination takes her , she is more than happy to call that place her home .
is that what you call this place , nice ?
you must have come from quite the place if you think that this place is just nice .
you must have come from quite the place if you think that this place is just nice .
he looked down trying not to remember the place as he talked about the orphanage .
i did nt like the place much .
well , this place is a lot better than where you came from , but it has some draw backs .
who do you think made this place , he said .
this place is like no other , he said .
you would n't believe the mortgage repayments on the place ... '' the pirates looked on in amazement .
we have the radio , and our imaginations are good enough to build a picture of what is taking place .
this place really is remarkable , he commented , still in bewilderment .
the universe was a cold , dark and ignorant place .
the arboran boy fought down a sharp surge of panic each time he lost sight of the azure glow , the only beacon he had in the horrible , frightening place .
the galaxy was a hard and savage place , but xia prided herself on being tactful and gentle in the face of it all .
the worlds are uncaring places , stones hurled into the blackness of the sky by unfeeling forces , left to spin mindlessly in the void .
i was focused on the remains of a particular soldier whose life had been ended in this dreadful place .
i 'd had more than enough of this place and its eccentricity .
did nt it enter your head that maybe you re not the only one who likes this place ?
its not a nice place .
his mind can go places no other can . ''
` ` are you tired of this place ? ''
we 're all in a very strange place .
this was a foreign place , as cold and distance as the lands he traveled .
should nt this place be a little bit livelier , if you know what i mean ?
these were lands unlike the homes they grew up , so rich and full of life , colors so vibrant mixed with the darkest shades that conjured about the dark , twisted tales this place was known for .
not long now , dashe added , til were free to fence our stolen goods and be gone from this foul place .
aye , tis a rotten place , said the dwarf , wistfully , yet there s no place on this world where i feel more at home .
if were going to survive this place , i need for you to work together .
you mean were going to leave this place ?
the locals of higden dealt violence for violence , and were getting a reputation as a place people should nt mess with .
babies popping out all over the place ! ''
you see , i come from a place where things are different .
the truth is that i really , really love this place - and appreciate the things we must do to help each other .
only later did a woman approach him who was originally from the eastern side of greenland , a place with cultural differences and less modernization .
i only see after my lifetime , well after it , to places that are decades , maybe centuries from now .
this place did nt seem much for gossip .
she had a pending crisis for having involved toby and y1 in her troubles in the first place , and another pending crisis when the first of baldurs stock options expired on saturday , september 22 .
the place smelled like a hospital or a funeral home .
these places all seemed to be tropical , and baldur had never cared that much for hot sunny beaches .
they were in a city , but he did nt know the name of it , only that it was a new place that had been built after the awful times more than six hundred years earlier .
despite the fact that juna hated to leave this eden - like place where the weather was always sunny and bright , she knew she had to for several reasons .
in earth terms , it was as if the wedding had just taken place , but the honeymoon of consummation had been put off until another time .
and , then , he began to worry about how he would ever get out of this place .
man , this is so awful , this place , he said .
she might decide to stick around in this old - timey place where the doctors were all crazy .
new york is an amazing place .
its a curious tale , strange , you might say , but remember : the universe is a vast place .
the universe does nt give a shit about our sense of fairness , and in that respect it is indeed a very cold , dark , and cruel place .
they were all young people in their late teens , and their verdict had been almost unanimous : they hated the place .
injin and paleface came from same place before america time .
this place ai nt been around too very long , but his brew is tasty , says spud .
traveled to a few places , worked a lot of jobs .
true that injin and paleface came from same place before time , says wolf .
this is a dull place , he thought .
` ` this is a strange place you 're operating here .
` ` this place is breaking up ! ''
i do think , in all honesty , that life aboard the ship is far preferable to that wicked , uncivilized little place . ''
norton was one of the few remaining places where an unskilled high school graduate could earn $ 80,000 a year , with overtime .
maybe there was a curse on this place , as certain superstitious people were known to say .
there was n't much in the way of weather on the sagikan peninsula , normally : the whole place was unthinkably arid , with measurable rainfall no more often than every ten or twenty years .
siferra rarely went to places like the six suns .
` ` what a place ! ''
-look , boy , we ' ve got to get ourselves out of this place . ''
the place was like one vast insane asylum , theremon thought .
you ca n't imagine the carnage all over the place . ''
he 'd be dead of starvation long before he came anywhere near the place .
just as theremon had said : this place is archaeology now .
there are places where university people are loathed , do you know that ?
what you can see in texas it 's amazing what you can see from a highway rest stop table , especially in a place like texas , where people tend to let it hang out more .
there are fifty gardeners in the place who could do it as well as i could and who would n't mind the office .
mars is a hard place to live , assemblyman , and you have to understand that .
` ` my son has been showing you about the place , has he ? ''
de meister sipped delicately , ' so nice of you , old chap , to make me a habitue of this place in your stories .
as the battle continued , she had die strong desire to thrust the boy into dr . hoskins ' arms - soapy and wet as the child was - and walk right out of this place .
in the warmer places , that is - the neanderthals probably had the colder regions all to themselves , because they were better adapted to deal with the conditions there .
now that she actually lived at the place where she worked , it was exceedingly clear .
mannheim by himself is n't so bad - just one of those fuzzy - brained socially conscious guys , full of all sorts of lofty ideals , who goes running around all over the place determined to make the world a better place according to his own lights ; that sort of thing .
we ' ve got a lot of wild characters around this place , and i ' m the only policeman .
nothing out of the ordinary had taken place .
-but he felt no need to try to understand what was taking place .
her husband had died several years before , and since then little miss had begun spending much of her time traveling in the tropical parts of the world - hawaii , australia , egypt , the warmer zones of south america , places like that .
if those words had never been uttered , the harmful events would not have taken place . ''
the world was really an extraordinarily splendid place , andrew told himself .
this means that the stars must be much , much bigger in the other universe otherwise not enough fusion would take place to make them shine .
at least he would save half the hotel bill and he would get away from a place that , he was convinced , would bring him only misery if he stayed .
before the deminiaturization takes place , there is a small evolution of heat , characteristic in pattern .
on the face of it , there was more than friendship drawing them both to this place .
he had been there , the place had caught fire .
there was at least some chance of that , in a place this remote .
the plain fact was that it was a lot tougher for an assassin to act if there were robots allover the place , and there were n't any such here .
the meeting with kresh and leving was over , and he wanted to get out of this place .
it would have been tough enough spiriting lentrall away without cip cops all over the place .
` ` he 's no tourist come to get a look at the place .
there ought to be plenty of work in this town , seeing how the whole damn place was going to have to be packed up and shipped a hand came down on his shoulder .
` ` you would n't believe the changes in this place in the last month , '' gildern said .
the people here all know this place is going to be wiped out , but there is no danger in being here now .
` ` say , dad , what happened down in the shoe place ?
he reconsidered what had just taken place .
they ' ve got ultraviolet radiation flooding the place .
in the first place , we were college friends and he thought he could count on its never occurring to me that an old buddy and respected superior could be a criminal .
after all , it served to keep his mind off what was taking place .
` ` then one must assume that a human being deliberately set up a situation in which mental freeze - out would take place . ''
` ` might it not be argued that there is a greater chance that you are lying than that a spontaneous mental freeze - out took place . ''
` ` and you have had me brought here to demonstrate - to prove - that the spontaneous event did , - in fact , take place ? ''
it is well - known that hyperspatial travel was developed with the aid of robots and , since the spacer worlds could not have been settled without hyperspatial travel , it follows that robots existed before settlement had taken place and while earth was still the only inhabited planet .
` ` she had robots all over the place .
between the near - darkness outside and the film of trickling water upon the glass , they might as well have been opacified - or so baley thought till opacification actually took place and total darkness descended .
there could scarcely be anyone coming up here to dust the place .
it 's much worse most places upperside , but it really does n't matter .
still , from what little i ' ve seen of the place and from my knowledge of religions in history , i would n't be surprised if the mycogenian society was religious in character . ''
he had never been outside dahl and his appetite for tales of distant places was enormous .
there are heatsinks in lots of places , but none - none - as rich as those in dahl .
` ` he do n't like this place .
` ` really , dr . venabili , something must be done about the name of this place .
` ` it is hard to believe , but seldon has become something of a cult figure here on trantor - and in certain places in the outer worlds .
he still has the quickest and brightest brain in the place .
in the first place , it would be very expensive .
the whole place is one big park , with all the metal we want .
now it 's a colossal mausoleum , but is there a force - field ramp in the place ?
in either case , what would have taken place would have been irreversible - and if either were the wrong solution , it would have been irreversibly catastrophic .
what 's this place like ?
` ` murph , the world is a cruel place .
` ` you really think this place is cursed ? ''
more kids ran in packs all over the place , and there must have been a dozen dogs gleefully racing one another and begging food from anyone who seemed to have some .
` ` all that trouble we went to , and you just blew the place up .
there was something unnatural and vaguely wrong about this place , like the smell of chlorine on your own skin after swimming .
does n't that sound great , rex , growing up in a place like that ? ''
it might look like a nice place , but for all i knew the atmosphere was laced with chlorine gas .
a place worse than dune in some respects : high cliffs and dry gorges , hot winds and frigid winds , too little moisture and too much .
few understood why this place attracted her .
how oppressive it was in this place !
` ` why did n't you tell me he was from that place ? ''
the trouble with my life is the trouble with this place , leto thought .
arrakeen had become an ungenerous place , a contained place , unreasonable and self - righteous in its harsh outlines .
arrakeen had become an ungenerous place , a contained place , unreasonable and self - righteous in its harsh outlines .
many of the young would not even know such a place as jacurutu had ever existed .
first there was the necessity of getting away from this place .
the rent there is cheap , too , and with that loathesome little job of his at that crooked tire outfit , plus his expenses for clothes and going out with his pals , he has always had to live in such places .
he signed , amy what happened this place ?
this bad old place things come .
butters marched in place , red - faced , sweating , and beaming as he thumped and oompahed and blared accordion music .
` ` he ca n't mess the place up any worse than thomas .
i might not be around this place .
` ` that is considered aiding and abetting a first - degree murder in some places .
` ` how does he manage to make this place so nice , run his own business , and fight demons on the side ? ''
part of it , he realized , is fear ... my fear at showing up in new brunswick , a place i have never been before .
you christians are n't doing so well these days , '' he continued , ` ` and even a single convert comes to mean a lot in a little place like charlottesville , utah .
the cities were hectic , dirty places , but at certain moments -- usually times of arrival and departure -- looking down upon them at night , all lit up , say , from a plane in a cloudless sky -- you could almost , for that moment , call up a vision out of st . augustine .
it was such a nice place .
` ` can you believe this hideous place ? ''
what a grimy place , he observed as he walked across the roof to the elevator .
you got me out of this place and here 's your reward ; you 're everything we jointly abominate .
` ` i got various drugs from roy - i needed them at first because - well , anyhow , it 's an awful place .
i do n't know where ; maybe in sweden or norway , maybe in outof - the - way places like the solomon islands .
not in the u.s . or europe or russia or china , any of the places that were hit -- i agree with you there . ''
he always wants to hear about places .
everyone who comes sneaking up here from outside has a plan to murder or steal ; look at eldon blaine the glasses man , and he came from bolinas , a much closer place .
it seemed strange to scytale , though , to find that sophisticated vice in this place .
i looked at all these things and i understood why they had come to this place .
he said also that it was a difficult place , though i did not comprehend his meaning in this .
they imagine how grand it used to be , their memories enhanced by a decade of stories - it is human nature to believe that other places and other times are better than the here and now .
` ` elantris is a harsh place , sule , '' galladon said quietly as they strode through the doors to raoden 's broken - down church .
satisfied that he knew what he 'd wanted to find out - that elantris was a brutal place , but disappointingly human in its methods of brutality - hrathen sent for the guard captain who had brought diren .
` ` it is a very barbarous place .
` ` have you noticed something odd about this place .
perhaps ... perhaps only a tyrant could lead in a place like elantris .
yet , they lived in the one place everyone knew was even more horrible than the real world .
` ` i have seen the kind of atrocities this place can breed . ''
hrathen did n't know if they had just moved to other parts of the city , or if the place had grown so violent that they had destroyed themselves .
they make this place look like a shithole . ''
the place is very good at what they do .
` ` anyhow , that place bores me . ''
i can sympathize and understand how you 're feeling , when it happens that places like this get you on a bummer .
` ` so many intense memories from this place .
leto had said : ` ` you do n't like this place , moneo .
the place had filled moneo with awe .
` ` do you like this place ? ''
` ` a place like goygoa . ''
to help her , i want you to tell her everything you can about the place where you spent your childhood .
` ` i ' m sick of this place !
` ` this place is rotten ! ''
` ` that you must make sure we stay in this filthy place , '' siona said .
` ` what does it matter where we bed in this disgusting place ?
` ` from a place that no longer exists .
there was only the sound of wind and water , sounds that had been in this place of desolation for a thousand years .
i left a girl in a place called king 's town twelve years ago .
the boy idled along the upper corridor of this stone place which was home , sensing these things , not understanding .
not a chairdog in the place .
you see , we no longer call this place arrakeen .
teg was forced to admit that walking the wild places of gammu created a whole new perspective for him .
` ` if this place did n't take so much of her attention ... where does she dash off to like that ? ''
once more , teg thought of patrin as a youth in this place , probably no older than the ghola .
` ` i must look at this place .
teg saw suddenly that this place was a lie plastered over with other lies , based on previous lies , and such a mad mixup that they might never dig through to a usable truth .
you spread the word about such places but you did it under the guise of keeping a secret .
was it thrift in this place ?
he swallowed it , then : ` ` this place is a jewel . ''
` ` imagine how bad this place is gon na stink in a week . ''
new york dr . richard stone , head of the tropical diseases laboratory of columbia university medical center , often remarked that the name conjured up a grander place than it actually was .
wonderful place .
` ` i think these numbers confirm that breeding is taking place .
the children of the world love dinosaurs , and the children are going to delight - just delight - in this place .
did n't this place have any real criminals ?
there 's security all over the place .
as a child she 'd spent hours listening to her father tell her about all the places he 'd visited before being captured and all the incredible things he 'd seen and done while there .
not even the name of the place .
he 's planted dirty bombs all over the place , but he wo n't tell anyone where they are .
trust me , you 'd much rather be in your baby jail than this place . ''
it 'd be easy to set the charges that would bring down the whole damn place .
razon took pictures all over the place . ''
mars , for arnie , was a new place , and it meant a new life , lived with a new style .
` ` i have to visit every damn kibbutz in the place , and that takes hours . ''
anyhow , if they 'd destroyed them years ago we would n't have such places as b - g , because in my mind there 's a direct link between the monsters born in the ' 60s and all the freaks supposedly born due to radiation ever since ; i mean , it 's all due to substandard genes , is n't it ?
this place weeds out the fit from the unfit . ''
and yet this place did not bother david , who was picked up and flown here three days a week , along with other children of his achievement group .
jack glanced up at the middle - aged female figure and thought to himself , it 's obvious why this place unnerves me .
it had been his need for intimate personal contact that had gotten him into trouble in the first place , and now look at him .
so you want to see this place , jack thought .
` ` you scared of me because i ' m the famous great arnie kott , in charge of this whole place ? ''
we 're going to be dealing with mudslides all over the place .
leaving the place that has become home in the wake of the sun flares .
` ` we ' ve got shanks puking all over the place 'cause they ate too much .
thomas was baffled , disgusted , but all he could think about was getting out of that place .
he said that last word in a way that made it sound like the name of a place .
there could be hundreds of cranks in this place for all we know .
in a strange way , he missed that place .
i do n't know what they do to them then , but it 's not a pretty place to be , no matter who you are , so i can only imagine .
as the group walked past home after home - nothing more than shacks that had fallen into disrepair - thomas imagined how truly awful it must be to live in such a place .
and he should ' ve done it before they 'd left him in that rancid place .
` ` you can talk all day about this crap , but it means diddly unless we can get ourselves out of this nice little place .
the place is a nightmare now . ''
i hated the place , tommy .
wicked 's got guards hiding all over the place .
` ` can you believe they put me back in this place ?
he could only hope that one day his heart would feel the joy of the place .
` ` i ca n't imagine what kind of firewalls this place has built around it .
` ` why 'd they let you work in a place like this , anyway ? ''
` ` all we want is to look around the place . ''
the programming in this place is nuts . ''
it 's so weird how closed off the code seems in this place .
it 's an irony , but i ' ve noticed that when the old fellow 's actually at wash-35 he never likes to have his antique experts around him ... he likes to slide into the , ahem , magic of the place ... more so all the time as he gets older .
teagarden added , ' anyhow this is a very tense place , doctor ; people get sick here regularly . '
severely , minister freneksy said , ' what is taking place , secretary ?
' i 'll let you off in salt lake city ; it 's a big place , you wo n't be noticed .
` ` not surprising in a ritzy place like that . ''
in any case , i 'd just showered , and although my jacket still carried a whiff of the italian place , the rum and aftershave of the two men downstairs would drown it out .
silicon valley covers a big area , but it 's a small place .
` ` they 're closed - mouthed about this place .
this place gets to you . ''
and there ca n't be a lot of spilled human blood in places with no violent activity , unless someone slips at the hospital or something .
` ` but the place was n't exactly a ghost town yesterday when the phobophage showed up . ''
a charming place , somehow carrying off the look of suburbia despite being inside the third largest city in america .
` ` magic comes from a lot of places .
eternal sunset , that 's why the place is so wild .
they 're a little grim , true , with their bare - bones floor plans , and they offer only basic amenities , but i do n't remember them as terrible places .
but if that threat does n't work , then tarn might send armed enforcers to clean the place out . ''
smugglers avoid these places like the plague .
and then one day , the place went quiet . ''
they run on a shoestring budget in places like emry , and they would n't have the latest innovations , luckily for me .
` ` just when i think i ' m about to get somewhere , you invite me to run in place . ''
that 's why the corp called this place a frontier world and paid them no mind .
i doubt anyone else is as eager to get some distance from this place .
` ` this place is marvelous . ''
i never did well with that , which is why i wound up here in the first place .
well ... in most places , it 's not .
sometimes i think this place holds all the potential for everything that ever was , everything that ever shall be .
the old jax wants to proceed to the nearest bar and buy drinks until i ' m the most popular person in the place , everybody 's best friend .
he means we 're cleaning this place out ; no morgut gets away , no quarter granted .
i ' m sure there are whitefish holes where you never see daylight , and it 's all tooth and nail , but this place is painfully civilized , white , and silent .
given the torment march harbored due to his experiences with the place , i expected a world of burning brimstone , black volcanic rock steaming sulfur into the atmosphere .
i tell myself that it 'll pass , anyway , once i get used to the place .
i ' m not saying you do n't love the kid , but you could ' ve raised him in a place that did n't make you miserable . ''
this place sucks . ''
hammond is starting fires all over the place .
but the nevernever is a big place , and not to mix metaphors , but there are plenty of fish in that sea .
maybe i could do some traveling , see places i 'd always wanted to see .
` ` i ' ve got warning spells spread out all around this place , '' i said .
` ` this place still has electricity , '' i said .
and once you got up to my neck , the rest of me thought that this whole place was looking prettier and hollower every time i visited .
` ` well , you wo n't like the food in this place .
` ` there are only a few places where it is less .
` ` beds in this place are great , are n't they ? ''
` ` i 'll clean the place up in a minute , sir . ''
evans had been raised in connecticut and schooled in boston ; even after five years in california , the place still seemed exotic to him .
within a day of his arrival , he got into the system as root , and installed back doors and trojans all over the place .
and people like kenner did nothing but criticize the good work of environmental organizations , without whose efforts the environment of a place like los angeles would be much , much worse .
if the globe is warming , these places have been left out . ''
as you can see , many places in the united states do not seem to have become warmer since 1930 . ''
kharbranth , city of bells , was not a place that shallan had ever imagined she would visit .
nu ralik send he never had to go to such a terrible place .
it was the historical name for the place that had become alethkar .
money to buy lodging in a seedy section of town , a place where nobody asked questions , while he healed from his self - inflicted wound .
in most places , however , it was closer to a hundred or more .
` ` kelek , but i hate this place , '' teft said , walking beside kaladin .
` ` this place ai n't much better .
perhaps living in this place has affected their minds .
` ` i think , '' he said , ` ` that the lack of color in these places is what keeps people sick so long .
this place was n't eerie ; it was holy .
dalinar had never heard of those places .
' i was new in the place , i was lonely , i wanted to make some friends , ' he 'll say .
in a lot of places that might be true , but not in algul siento .
as for me , i ' m in a place where clocks are obsolete and broccoli is no doubt prohibited by law .
gangli had never heard of such a thing as fire - response team bravo , but there was so much they did n't know about this place .
where was prentiss , the man in charge of this hateful place ?
would he actually have sprayed the crowd with the coyote , bringing more death to this terrible place ?
i grew up in milford , and the place where i came out in i960 was barely a spit from there in geographical terms .
under the circumstances , chip mcavoy felt perfectlyjustified in sneaking his thumb onto the corner of the scale ... a trick he had learned from his father , who had told him you practically had a duty to rook folks from away if they could afford it , but you must never rook folks from the home place , not even if they were as rich as that writer , king , from over in lovell .
it was not a word she usually thought of in connection with new york , but this was a very un - new york place , with its feel of quiet and peace .
` ` by the gods , but this is a sad place , '' he said .
` ` this place is bad , '' she muttered , meaning not just the castle but the nameless village of leaning ( leering ) houses that had grown up all around it .
yet i would if i could , for it 's lovely there , a place of warm - hearted ghosts .
then someone had thrown a molotov cocktail through the club 's front window ( molotov cocktail\nd amp ; a term roland understood ) , and before you could say take my mother - in - law ... please , the place was on fire .
she wanted a drink , but was now afraid to take anything flowing from the taps in this vile place .
` ` they ' ve lit the place up out there . ''
in other places , life might progress in the opposite direction -- toward smaller and smaller forms .
now , tucson was a right nice place .
decay was taking place , and light was being produced .
did i really think there was room for appreciation and understanding in a place that was wired up like a terrorist 's bomb ?
` ` why are n't you selling it in such a place ? ''
he was supposed to know the geography of this place , its geology , religions , social patterns , the intimate layout of each island 's walled defenses , but he found it hard to locate himself now on that mental map .
this place was the enemy of the consentiency , but he found himself emotionally siding with dosadi .
` ` what about this place ? ''
` ` to get our people out of this terrible place . ''
the island would remind her of all those wives he 'd taken to the honeymoon bowers of that place .
the planet had been one of the ylir group , very much unlike anything in mckie 's previous experience : an ingrown place with deep entryways in all of the houses and an oppressive silence all around .
this was no tumble - down saloon with sawdust on the floor and planks set across sawhorses for a bar - it was as far from a place like sheb 's in tull as you could get , the gunslinger reckoned .
you probably got six wiseguys in this place , every one of them with about four guns , and the two of you are going batshit over a kid in a crapper .
in a place called viet nam , that was .
what is n't so lovely is the way she feels about this place .
but for the most part , roland was appalled by the place .
in a place that promised alchemy but dealt more in perfume than potion , was it any wonder that wonder had run out ?
and all i have to do to guarantee that the last thin edge of profit i am somehow holding onto in this place will melt away is tell a few of these junkie bitches to go fuck themselves .
or why your employer hired you in the first place . ''
even at its brightest he knew it would n't dispel the gloom of this place .
in the first place , an organized police force was still relatively new ; london 's metropolitan police was the best in england , but it was only twenty - five years old , and people did not yet believe that crime was ` ` something for the police to take care of . ''
they were compelled to live on their income , and it was little wonder that burgess felt uncomfortable in a place that charged two shillings a drink .
dalby , the station sergeant , was in a foul humor , for he was called upon to work on the night of the holiday , and he resented missing the festivities that he knew were taking place all around him .
several babies were born , and a wedding took place , despite the constant rain of rifle and artillery fire , day and night .
he felt that he knew this world intimately -- all those hours before the pantovive , watching fraffin 's stories about the place unroll before his eyes .
ah , we ' ve bred much of ourselves into this place .
the words sink in , and i cringe at the thought of a tiny , innocent baby opening his eyes to this place .
` ` ca n't nobody keep a secret around this place for more'n twenty - four hours ?
` ` harder than the place with the frozen air and the claw beasts ? ''
what 's one more misfit in this place ? ''
it 's a nice place here ; you 'll like it , even when i ' m gone .
however , i would always find his hospital a horrible place .
maybe if i got away from this place for a little bit , i 'd find a way to handle this .
he knew then and he knows now the penalty for murder in this place . ''
in this place , going hungry means you slow down and here , raja thomas , if you slow down you die .
` ` the surviving clones , even some of our peopl ... . well , you can imagine how i had to clean up the place .
lab people hallucinating all over the damn place and aging faster tha ... . '' ` ` are you still able to waste lab technicians on this ? ''
you who were raised shipside have not had much reason to ask , especially those of you whose ancestors came from places where this was not common knowledge .
the horror of this place !
how many times did you have to give an order around this damned place ?
` ` if the fetus gets enough energy from burst , the psychic drain does not take place . ''
this place had changed waela , too .
you ran away to bangor , maine , of all the silly places .
` ` can you imagine how that place smells ? ''
twisp tried to catch snatches of the conversations from below them , but mostly it was words of nervousness that permeated this place .
` ` that place stinks ! ''
is there a city in the whole damn place ? ''
the unemployment was high , the cars were rusty , and there was plenty of screwing around going on , but it was a clean place .
they walked past the places that garraty knew - tumbledown shanties where no one lived , an abandoned one - room schoolhouse that had been replaced by the new consolidated building , chicken houses , old trucks up on blocks , newly harrowed fields .
kelly believed that man was the reason why dr . levine asked her and arby to be his assistants in the first place .
` ` i hate this fucking place , '' he said .
` ` sure is a big place .
` ` to understand this place , you have to go back ten years , to a man named john hammond , and an animal called the quagga . ''
most places , maintenance is brutal .
` ` better not light a match around here , you 'll blow the place up ... . '' ` ` ssssh , '' levine hissed angrily , shaking his head .
this place was the illusion .
this place was the lie .
i mean of course i ' m relieved , anyone would be , this place has been like a concentration camp since saturday , but what happens next ?
letter from mrs patricia allen to katherine anne goodlowe , of montpelier , vermont june 19 , 1986 dear kathi , this is the most beautiful place in the whole world , i ' m convinced of it .
maybe it meant that bixby was n't such a creepy place after all .
` ` i hate that place , '' she managed .
maybe this place is made of some kind of crazy new metal .
` ` the cops were all over the place tonight .
that 's why they created the secret hour in the first place .
the apprehension was clear in their faces ; the hospital was a place people feared .
` ` is n't this place wild ?
he had assumed that benson was pretty much like everyone else - but no one who worked in a place such as this was like everyone else .
makes the best fucking baskets in the place , they tell me .
he had never heard of a place called markey academy in his life .
they 're thin places , and they 're also attractive places .
` ` would you know if there 's a place called markey academy anyplace around here , sir ? ''
one thing i do know is this : the city 's an evil place , especially for this youngster .
just replace half a dozen 400 - amp busses and light the whole place up like a reno saturday night !
` ` from the new york place of where ? ''
ah , such a sadness , the whole place .
but the truth was , the sanitarium was a boring place .
they 'd think he was drunk in this place .
' look , michael , ' even his father seemed to love it , his father who never noticed such things had said in a soft voice that it was a beautiful place .
the only paradise he had ever known was in the city where he 'd grown up , the warm sweet place he 'd left when he was seventeen , that old great square of some twenty - five - odd city blocks known in new orleans as the garden district .
but the true revelation was that michael 's mother and her sister were entirely at home in this place , laughing softly as they talked , asking the waiter this and that about the turtle soup , the sherry , the white wine they 'd have with dinner .
why , he had n't seen the place in all these years he wished he 'd paid more attention to those guys in those days .
they found a private school for her finally , one of those crazy places where they let the children stand on their heads .
why , they said , every window in the place was broken .
it 's just the rest of the place is so sorry .
' is it a gloomy witchy place , this neighborhood ? '
as luck would have it , the inquisitor was being put up in fine style by the old comtesse at the chateau outside the town gates , and as all the great cronies of the place were gone thither to dine with him , he would not show his face again tonight .
i was greatly pleased to see she understood english and did not speak only the hopeless dialects one finds in these places , for now i could talk to her with more courage .
' did i ever live in such a place , petyr ?
' what took place with your husband , deborah ? '
no place equals port - au - prince in my travels for its exotic qualities , and i do not think that any city in africa could offer so much to the eye .
the local gentry , who think of nothing but pleasure in this place for there is not much else to think of , adore her for these two entertainments and long for others , with the certainty that charlotte will not disappoint them .
i am strongly convinced that the tragedy of the mayfair women will come to an end in this strange and fertile place , this rich and exotic land .
how can i describe all that has taken place ?
her smile was cold and full of anger , though i did not know whether it was against me or all that had taken place .
and now in my twenty - second year , already a mother and soon perhaps to be a widow , i rule in this place .
i wanted to weep that all this had taken place .
at age twenty , against marie claudette 's wishes , she married tyrone clifford mcnamara , an opera singer , and another very hand - some ' man , of an extremely impractical nature , who toured widely in the united states , starring in operas in new york , boston , st louis , and other cities it was only after he had left on one such tour that marguerite returned from new orleans to riverbend and was received once more by her mother in 1827 and 1828 , she gave birth to boys , remy and julien mcnamara came home frequently during this period , but only for brief visits in new york , boston , baltimore , and other places where he appeared he was famous for womanizing and drinking , and for getting into brawls but he was a very popular ' irish tenor ' of the period , and he packed houses wherever he went .
he spent a great deal of time downtown at his club , but many an evening he went to those rougher drinking places on magazine street ' when he was home , he was always very noisy he was a good judge however .
the place looked perfectly mad when i went up there for the funeral , and you know of course that stella was buried from the house .
she 'd rather see the place dark and deserted than see other people having fun . '
the molloy brothers told everyone in corona 's bar on magazine street that they could n't paint that place because every time they turned around their ladders were on the ground , or their paint was spilled , or their brushes somehow got knocked in the dirt .
it 's as if the whole place is in mourning for stella . '
after years of reading of this place and its inhabitants , i found this extremely exciting .
but whatever had taken place was now concluded .
it was simply the certainty of familiarity , that this was home , that this was where the cicadas sang like no place else .
you do n't have to go through this place , examining every speck of dust and dirt and ugliness .
' this place is getting to you worse than me .
because it was the first place you loved , this neighborhood , and maybe you could love it again . '
it came so fast finally it was blurred ; he ran his fingers along the mattress : her white leg like a thing made out of dough , and jerry lonigan there , lifting her , saying under his breath to his assistant , look at this place , will you look at it , and when he touched the walls , her face suddenly , deirdre , idiot smile , drool on her chin .
i just do n't ever want to see the place again .
' it 's a joy to see this place come back , ' she said .
` ` it is a dreadful place , '' emmanuel said .
` ` manny - i have heard of that place ! ''
there is nothing wrong with this place , is there ?
snowstorms , if one could believe that such still existed somewhere ... there were places which were actually cold .
in some places they add to each other , and in other places they cancel each other out .
this place could be hiding anything .
it was an alien act in that place .
` ` he 'll have a bloody minefield of wards around the place .
over the past year , thomas and i had gone out to the island several times so that i could explore the place .
` ` because this place holds a grudge , '' he said .
` ` i do not care for this place , '' ancient mai replied .
` ` i feel , christ , why does n't that halfwit sap who runs this place come in here and say he 's alive , runciter 's alive .
` ` do n't mess around ; simply tell us , for chrissakes , what this place looks like to you .
joe said , ` ` when did you figure out what was taking place ?
` ` who in the name of christ would want to paint this place , anyway ? ''
` ` well , it brightens the place up , '' he said cautiously .
she could have looked for her father - mrs shumway had offered to take her , starting at bowie funeral home - but her blood ran cold at the thought of that place .
i hate that place . '
but we both know this place is going to be full of people tomorrow , looking for heavenly disaster assistance : . '
' this place is the radioland version of the mary celeste !
' want me to give the place a shout through the loudspeaker ?
a good thing , too - it 's a dirty little place . '
' talk fast , jim , because this place is a madhouse .
the mccoy place .
but the biggest incompetent in the department this morning is the one running the place .
' let 's go over to the town hall before this place fills up with cops , ' he told carter .
` ` this place is strange , '' parlin said .
she did n't want to live in a place where she was afraid to go out at night , particularly since she worried that her breath might make her a target .
hallandren was such a place of contradictions .
in a place where most gods did n't last twenty years , and the average age was probably closer to ten , six years difference was very significant .
what else could be said of a place that could spawn creatures with such wiggly tentacles and boneless bodies , and yet others with such needly skins ?
it was only two streets into the slum , a place that was n't too threatening for outsiders .
the dump ought to be burned to the ground ; only a match -- nothing else -- would help that place . ''
` ` i can see you 're at home , here , '' pris said , ` ` in a place like this .
why , we ' ve been taken to the cleaners ; if we had n't adjourned he 'd have the place , lock , stock and barrel right now . ''
` ` for chrissakes , this place is too gloomy ; let 's take a cab to the sea - tac airport and -- '' i broke off .
` ` you know so much more about this place than i do ; you ' ve practically lived your life here . ''
the place was an oven .
the place assaulted mckie 's nostrils - rotting flesh , dung , acrid stenches whose character he did n't care to explore , woodsmoke and burning meat .
abnethe must be behind this place .
` ` i live in a place with many ... ahh , synonymous ?
it was noticeably warmer in here out of the wind and spray , but not as warm as mckie remembered the place .
no one expects a man with a place like this to be straight . ''
the gunslinger had posed fifty or more to the computer , and jake supposed that was a lot to just yank out of your head with no preparation , but when you considered that riddling had been such a big deal in the place where roland had grown up ...
while this switchover takes place and the accompanying checklist is running , we shall continue our contest .
` ` like this place , i think . ''
eddie figured a place that looked so much like attica had to be a hospital , probably the kind of welfare purgatory where poor folks sat in shitty plastic chairs for hours on end , all so some doctor could look at them like they were dogshit .
a great lot , for a little place like this and little folk like them .
the softheaded boy who cleaned the place had been gone since two o ' the clock or so ( chased out by jeers and insults and a few flying beer - glasses , as he always was ; roy depape in particular had no love in his heart for that particular lad ) .
it was a greeting from his childhood , and it was only later that he would realize it was one more apt to be associated with gilead than with any such rural place as hemphill .
` ` boys who come to places like this learn had habits , kid .
i 'd rather not go near citgo without someone from hambry who knows the lay of the place ... but if depape comes back , we 'll have to take our chance .
he hated this place worse than any other in barony , even more than citgo with its big towers always going creakedy - creak and clangety - clang .
he would be very glad to get out of this damned place that could n't decide if it was ranch - land or seacoast .
no , he 'd be glad to have those three baby knights so much ash in the wind and this place just a memory .
this place gone loco . ''
have that old woman 's cart harnessed to the strongest , hardiest pony this place has got .
it would be good to get out of this place , jonas thought , and not for the first time .
` ` come , ye stupid old donkey , before the whole place catches !
i know it is not very nice , '' he added , although he did not entirely see why they did not like to go ; anywhere was certainly better than this loathsome place , and they would be doing something , and not only sitting about , ` ` but if napoleon wins , that will also not be very nice , and anyway , i dare say the government will stop your wages if they learn you are sitting here with no dragons about .
` ` yet i have never seen a mention in any book of a place called suntown in cairo . ''
we ' ve got places to go , worlds to save , first cousins to recruit .
despite the fact that we all came from very different places , we were all basically the same person , and i know i 'd been humiliated enough times in school that i would n't do the same to my worst enemy , let alone to one of my para - incarnations .
if i wanted the atmosphere i 'd loved so much in siena or assisi , or vienna or prague and all the other places i could no longer visit , i sought out the mission inn .
` ` they fired all my people and closed the place up .
` ` forgive me , as i ' m a stranger here , '' i said , my own voice sounding completely natural to me , ` ` but why are you so certain that a murder has taken place ? ''
why , i would face utter ruin , all my property gone , if only i could take meir with me away from this terrible place .
and i want only to be allowed to leave this place , knowing that my jewish parents are safe , and will pay no penalty for my defection . ''
it was n't difficult at all to find pictures of norwich , pictures of the castle and the cathedral , but pictures of the castle were radically different from the old norman place that i had seen .
` ` i ' m a creature of the coast now , i think , but there are different reasons why people live in different places . ''
i wrote down not only the story of my adventure in rome , but also the story of my meeting with liona and toby , and what had taken place .
as far as he was concerned young warlock was obviously infernally tainted , and the sooner the black dog turned up and they could get away from this place , the better .
` ` someone really loves this place . ''
it had been eleven years , but this place definitely rang a distant bell .
he 'd always known that the world was an interesting place , and his imagination had peopled it with pirates and bandits and spies and astronauts and similar .
` ` but if you 're going to places and doing things because of what she wrote , and what she wrote is her recollection of the places you went to and the things you did , '' said newt , ` ` then .. ` ` ` ` i know .
` ` but if you 're going to places and doing things because of what she wrote , and what she wrote is her recollection of the places you went to and the things you did , '' said newt , ` ` then .. ` ` ` ` i know .
that means it 's a small place with its own personal nice weather . ''
aziraphale had learned to gavotte in a discreet gentlemen 's club in portland place , in the late 1880s , and while he had initially taken to it like a duck to merchant banking , after a while he had become quite good at it , and was quite put out when , some decades later , the gavotte went out of style for good .
` ` they 're not like america and those places .
` ` or maybe it 's massachusetts , or one of them places .
a figure rose from the churning ground in the manner of the demon king in a pantomime , but if this one was ever in a pantomime , it was one where no one walked out alive and they had to get a priest to burn the place down afterwards .
it was a good place , and a fine city , but there is a price to be paid for all good places , and a price that all good places have to pay .
` ` look at this place , try to see the people , try to see the truth ... you 're already the closest to reality that you ' ve been in a week ... ` ` ` ` this is bullshit , '' said richard , flatly , desperately .
i thumbed through my u.k . hardback of sons of man and wondered that anything so clumsily written had even been published , wondered why hollywood had bought it in the first place , why they did n't want it , now that they had bought it .
ben 's hometown was double dry : it prided itself on having banned alcohol thirty years before the rest of america leapt onto the prohibition bandwagon , and on never having got off again ; thus all ben knew of pubs was that they were sinful places , like bars , only with cuter names .
the forest is a dark place , the border to many kingdoms ; no one would be foolish enough to claim jurisdiction over it .
the handsome congressman wore very dark glasses , he looked at no one , in dread of being recognized in this sordid place .
it was a dark place , one where actors who fancied themselves to be musicians were likely to pick up a guitar and jam with the band ; one that only made sarah even more aware of how much she hated this city , this new job , this departure from where she really wanted to be .
` ` because , '' abe said , ` ` when your friend started talking about stars , you were the only one in this whole f**king place who looked up at the sky . ''
the next round , you need to guess the price of some potatoes , but like a whole big thing of real , alive potatoes , from before they become food , the way they come from the miners or whoever that dig potatoes in ireland or idaho or some other place starting with an i .
she kept her job at the library , and she still gets her hair cut at the six - dollar place like some no - class nonmillionaire .
the book makes the city sound like one of the most romantic places on earth .
the real work in places like wetherby got done in the malls and office parks and housing developments built around new golf courses .
( hollow noted the troubled looks on the faces of several jurors and people in the gallery , leaving them wondering , he supposed , about the wisdom of affairs and other indiscreet behavior in places with observant baristas . )
the place could n't be more wordsworthy with its hard , driving cloud banks bringing relentless rain , rewarding you with bursts of sunshine , the whole fell moving like a living body in its contours and shadows , over which rex presided with a rather proprietorial air at his huge sitting - room windows .
he was not perfectly sure of the geography of that nation , but there had been a great many places around capetown , which had possessed dutch names , and that did not sound in the least like any of them .
i suppose if you just turned out this lady here , '' he dipped his head towards iskierka , ` ` the whole place would be burnt to the waterline in a couple of hours , even if you did n't care to lob over a few cannon - balls at the same time . ''
` ` they are n't wrong , either : those of us who do n't want to get dragged into this mess you lot and napoleon are brewing up all over the place had better stick together .
` ` this place is n't going to clean itself up , '' she said .
` ` these old places have the good stuff , if you ask for it , '' said spider .
` ` bad place . ''
what a violent place this was .
` ` but this place is ... '' i did n't know how to finish that sentence .
i think it 's time i crawled out from under my rock and saw the world for what it really is : a sometimes violent place in need of change and more people willing to step out and do something good , something right . ''
` ` honestly though , i have to say , what in the hell would you be doing with kids in a place like this ?
when they pulled me out of the tunnel on the western front and brought me to this field hospital a month ago , i thought i was saved , but this place has grown on me like a cancer , eating me from the inside out , silently at first , without my knowledge , then taking me by surprise , plunging me into a dark sickness i ca n't escape .
` ` a savage place .
and that 's what is was , a train stop on the sea , at least until the 1800s , when they found gold and diamonds and the place became a true hell on earth .
we were moving down to america - a place called virginia .
they 're going to clean this place up and get the world back to normal . ''
` ` this is a wretched place .
it 's a lot like this place .
the volcano brings a winter , in some places drought then excessive rainfall .
we think the numbers in some places are a little off .
the first civilizations , first cities , in places like sumer , only dated back to 4500 b.c .
the memories were clearer now , and the most vivid ones were of people , more than places .
red hook sits low on the water , and from some parts you can see the statue of liberty , and supposedly the whole place used to feel like a frontier town , a refuge to escape to when the rest of brooklyn got flooded with money .
i know a place , the american century , popular with nurses .
most places , they call it the toothless tap - in .
i ' ve never told anyone about this place , not mark , not rick , not anyone , so imagine my surprise when simon the magician pulls out the chair opposite mine .
` ` this place is insane .
well , thanks to that timely letter , he would soon be rid of this damn place .
and with enough spare time to finish setting his charges and get the hell out of the place .
the place was too bright .
` ` this place is a shaky house of cards . ''
they speak stories of a bad place like this .
` ` so you ' ve heard of this place ? ''
this place had that effect on him .
jack hardly remembered her , just pictures on the wall and a handful of memories tied to the place .
he wrote a whole series of books and essays about the place ... until he was discredited . ''
` ` just one more mystery about this place . ''
is n't that easter island , the place with the big stone heads ? ''
after four days traveling the river , demartini was sick of the whole damned place : the eternal moist air , the stinging flies , the gnats , the constant screams of monkeys and birds .
a twenty - two - foot wall of water had swept through the town , all but wiping the place away .
beneath it all she sensed something timeless and slumbering about this place , a glimpse of a prehistoric world , a sliver of a primordial eden .
duncan had already noted the liquid nitrogen tanks in the room and could surmise what had taken place .
then he 'd burn this f**king place to the ground and be done with it .
panicked , she would ' ve fled to a place of security , a place she knew .
` ` it many ways , '' bennett said , ` ` this place truly is eden .
the place still haunted his nightmares .
friends had told her to take the kitten to the animal shelter , but safia knew such a place was no better than an orphanage .
he heard of the place , was drawn to it .
a distant relative of rende who had been arrested two years ago for trafficking in stolen antiquities , in oman of all places .
a cursed place .
they rebuilt that ugly place ? ''
though most people considered washington , d.c . , to be a place of historic buildings , wide parade malls , and museums , it also featured one of the longest , interconnected series of parklands , threaded throughout the heart of the city , covering well over a thousand acres .
the place sparkled with a dozen waterfalls and cataracts .
it is a cursed place . ''
the place was being evacuated .
` ` they ' ve cursed this place , i tell you straight .
in fact , the village of hawkshead was founded by a norseman named haukr , whose name still lives on in this place .
it had been a squalid place with few comforts .
in a place where christianity and the pagan ways were still in conflict . ''
` ` this place used to be a hellhole , with no infrastructure , no hope , everything crumbling apart . ''
` ` it 's a small place , a tough town , pirate run . ''
a very bad place . ''
but it 's a bad place . ''
i ' ve ordered a team to assemble an intelligence brief on the place .
they 'd sweep the place clean . ''
` ` place is flooding .
not on this island , not with who truly ran this place .
they 'd lost several significant colleagues in both places .
on the dark ride from the harbor , she could barely pick out the sleepier portuguese town of the past , a place of narrow alleys , colonial mansions , and baroque plazas .
she knew old macau - a place of gangland wars , human trafficking , and murder - still thrived in its shadows .
the skyline of hong kong island beckoned , looking like a modern - day oz , an emerald city that promised magic , where every wish could be granted for the right price - which , in fact , might be true of the decadent place .
gray pictured that reclusive country , an isolated no - man's - land of macabre desolation and dictatorial madness , a place of strict control and impenetrable borders .
the same can be said of countless other places across asia .
you spent your life in a stone bubble with your food , your water , your air shipped in from places so distant you could barely find them with a telescope , and a certain moral flexibility was necessary .
anything big enough to get to the parts of the station with atmosphere would crack the place like an egg .
you got into a bad place , and at the very least , you owed your partner the courtesy of letting him know .
` ` gambling 's legal , most places , '' miller said .
he realized with a little twinge , equal parts surprise and sorrow , that he was going to miss the place .
he 'd figured another nutcase artist had to get a real job , and the universe could only be a better place .
` ` it 's an awful place . ''
that place is so ass - fucked right now , they might have been going to die of sickness and malnutrition anyway .
he had lived in a place that kept him weak .
` ` io is one of the worst places in the solar system .
` ` i say we get the f**k out of here and glass the place . ''
some places longer .
coming to places like this .
i 'll keep the place from burning . ''
` ` this place is the same , '' miller said .
` ` you did a number on the place , '' amos said .
` ` i 'll miss this place , '' she said .
` ` then i could get used to this place . ''
` ` a wonderful place . ''
you need to bottle this place up tight .
` ` maybe with the exception of this place .
they were violent places , and they were joyful , and they did n't last .
it 's not a hospitable place , either .
that 's how galassian found the place and decided it was something more than a swamp planet .
the universe was a big place , and strange things happened there .
only one was left , and because the universe was a cruel and mocking place , it was the same one he 'd been driving the night of the bombing .
they could blow the place up .
in other places , that would merit a formal greeting by the planetary governor and possibly a marching band .
it had held out against urban creep longer than most places in the former united states .
` ` how am i supposed to make any sense of this place when it keeps changing all the rules ? ''
i ' m going to have to make a decision about whether she 's more important than keeping this place from devolving into a shooting war . ''
` ` well , it 's a fucking ugly place if you ask me . ''
` ` no , you should see this place .
whatever those fucking boojums were that made the protomolecule , they were looking for places like earth .
and places like earth are what they found .
` ` when you live in a place like this , '' ethan said , gesturing to the surrounding mountains , ` ` why would you ever leave ? ''
` ` there 's something wrong with this place . ''
i wanted you to understand right off how dangerous this place is . ''
theresa could still remember sitting at her desk one afternoon and staring through the window as megan broke down in the middle of main street in broad daylight , screaming at the top of her voice , ` ` what the f**k is wrong with this place ?
he says , ` ` this place is going to be our eden . ''
there 's something wrong , something evil about this place .
` ` i ' ve had my fill of this place . ''
` ` ca n't say i ' m going to miss this place , '' he murmured .
they ' ve always been sore they were n't running the place . ''
` ` i know the place too , '' warren said .
was n't the decaying stink of the place a hint that he should go ?
first off , it gives them a choice about whether or not they want to know the truth about this place .
some of you know about some of these places .
not from this place .
why do you live in such a scary place ?
i doubt the cow would like milk rotting all over the place .
your parents do not know the true nature of this place , grandma said .
now , she wanted to be away from this place .
i told you that shadesmar was n't a place , and yet i call it one in my next breath .
` ` this place is dangerous for you .
today , fortunately , kaladin had with him sigzil , rock , and lopen - all foreigners from places with different rules .
well , she 'd apprenticed under vstim wanting to travel to exotic places , and exotic this was .
that was n't likely in a place notorious for its permanent chill .
-from the listener song of listing , 27th stanza ` ` you know , '' moash said from kaladin 's side , ` ` i always thought this place would be ... '' ` ` bigger ? ''
armies huddled in valleys , preparing for war in a place of many hills and mountains .
` ` there are so many places to see , places we will probably never visit .
the place was n't as varied and vibrant as kharbranth had been , but the buildings were of solid wood and stone , constructed up against one another to share support .
` ` he practically rules the place anyway , '' kaladin said .
surely some of them had been to the place .
there was n't a straight line in the whole starvin ' place .
her mother had told her that , though lift had never seen the place .
i doubt this place is ready for anything more , and a benevolent tyrant is preferable to the disaster of weak rule .
storms , this place feels eerie , kaladin thought , limping past deserted barracks , rain pattering against the umbrella that lopen had tied to kaladin 's crutch .
` ` you were right about this place .
storms , this place was high .
if she managed to make them work , the world would become a much , much smaller place .
this place just screams ' hold the door for the guy behind you . '
we 're all from this other place , see .
` ` the desert is not a kind place .
` ` the nut jobs who run this place are the problem . ''
to beg for a life that never belonged to me in the first place ?
i never found out - i could n't bear to go back , even if i also could never forget the richness of that place .
` ` you prefer this place , you really do , do n't you ? ''
my side burned , but i could tell that too - quick repair was taking place , enough for me to move about .
filtered through the exhausted , stale funk of a place in which too many had lived in close quarters for too many years .
lots of gold other places , too .
vague tales of another place , one crueler , kinder , more hospitable , less so . )
your infrequent trips to visit meant your idea of my life in that place was as narrow as that sliver of emerald light in the spore that you keep going on about .
{ after all , bonmot often professed to be an expert on zamilon , a place i had become convinced held , in some time period , the answer to the mystery of the machine .
the faded appeal of the weathered white roofs that disappeared as the vehicle drove nearer , even the slender , hesitant windows reminding her of the tired places she had just left , with their incurable patients , their incurable boredom ... the same lived - in appeal as the unstarched dress shirts her father used to wear , the white fabric coarse and yellow with age .
the fungus in this place has eaten into the typewriter ribbon .
as for mary , she will finish out the next two semesters and earn her degree , but if you ever set foot in this place again , she will be expelled in a very public way .
they seemed like an emanation from some future ambergris , some place that did not yet exist , but soon would .
there were as many tombstones framed on the mantel in that place as puncturing the earth in the stockton graveyard .
i never knew my father , and i have no recollection of having any living relatives in that place .
have you any idea of how depressing it is to live in a place where there 's a perpetual funeral going on ?
arendia was a mournful sort of place in those days .
when the wolf and i first went there , however , the island was a damp , marshy place that was frequently inundated by spring floods .
the streets were narrow , crooked , and muddy ; and quite frankly , the place smelled like an open cesspool .
torak 's put a perpetual cloud - bank over the place , so it never really gets light .
i do n't want this place just growing here like a weed .
i apparently also became a public nuisance , since i seem to remember being thrown out of any number of low waterfront dives , places that are notoriously tolerant of little social gaffes .
' not a very pretty place , is it ? '
' when we first found out about this crazy man , i was going to take him to boktor , but he was born here , and he goes wild when you try to take him away from the place .
' what on earth possessed you to set up shop in this hideous place ? '
to put it quite simply , maragor became a haunted place .
the isle of the winds is a bleak , inhospitable place that rises out of a usually storm - tossed sea , and when viewed from the water the city seems as unwelcoming as the rock upon which it 's built .
the place was none too clean , but then neither was argak .
frankly , the odor of the place was almost overpowering - a fragrance comprised of spilled beer , assorted open cesspools , rank bear - hides , unwashed and un - housebroken hunting dogs , and rancid armpits .
charming place .
this time , however , they not only came from different places , but were of different nationalities .
there 's a kind of charm about rustic life , but the entire world could end , and it 'd take several years for the news to reach a place like annath .
crazy men do n't need reasons for the things they do or the places they go . '
' it 's a very healthy place , my friend , ' he said .
his main reason for joining scarpa 's army in the first place was his enthusiasm for the idea of taking part in the looting of matherion .
' it is a smaller place with fewer of the man - things . '
' this is a really wretched place , do n't you think ?
' let 's get ehlana and alean out of there , and once they 're safe , we can start to take this place apart . '
' notice how it changes the smell of the place ?
you believe that one thing happened , and we believe that something else took place .
this yere scarpa feller , he growed up in a shack - nasty sorta roadside tavern down thar in ar - juna - an ' he done all the sorta thangs which it iz ez bastards does in ther formative years in a place ' thout no real moral restraints on 'em . '
' anything you find out about this place is n't for general dissemination , ' sparhawk told talen and stragen as he dismounted .
' i do n't know how platime can stand this place , ' stragen shuddered .
zemoch 's not much of a place , i 'll grant you , but the strategic importance of its mountains ca n't be overstated .
western astel 's a silly place filled with silly people .
' it might be a little more endurable if the whole place did n't reek of cooked cabbage . '
' i try so hard to protect my poor sister , ' ermude blubbered to the long - suffering melidere , ' but this dreadful place is destroying her .
i do n't know what it is , but every time he walks through a room , every young woman in the place starts to come all unravelled . '
' i ' m crushed , but could n't your majesty decide - on a whim - that you absolutely adore this place and that you 're bored with riding in a carriage ?
' it might be well to begin with the place where you were born , my daughter , ' he suggested .
' is it all right to tell them about the place where you live ? '
` ` i ' m really taken with this place , '' he said .
it 's an absolutely ghastly place .
sometimes i wish i might have had the chance to come to a place like this .
` ` if he does n't give his students any more specific directions than that , they probably come out of this place with a rather vague idea of the world , '' beldin observed .
` ` just about any man as owns a ship knows of a few places like that - customs people being what they are an ' all .
uncle , are there any other interesting things about this place ? ''
the place in many respects was so strikingly familiar that it brought him a sharp pang of a homesickness he thought he had long since put behind him .
if this event 's supposed to happen in darshiva and we avoid the place , it might not happen at all , and the whole business could hinge on that . ''
i ' m told it was an unhealthy sort of place . ''
` ` prince kheldar 's description of what took place was fairly accurate , your imperial majesty , '' sadi assured him .
` ` strange place , cthol murgos , '' he said .
` ` there 's an open war going on in venna , my friend , '' the melcene continued , ` ` and i 'd advise you to give the place a wide berth . ''
their hooves would make a fearful clatter on the stones of the court , an ' we 'll not be wantin ' t ' ride them up an ' down the corridors of this accursed place . ''
` ` it 's a pigpen of a place , '' silk replied .
` ` was n't akkad the place where the melcene bureaucrat was from ? ''
` ` this place is bad enough without all of this . ''
` ` busy place , '' silk murmured .
better perhaps than any man alive , he knew the full meaning of this awful place .
` ` i ' m always glad to get out of that stinking place , '' he declared .
` ` i hate this place , '' he said suddenly .
` ` depressing sort of place , is n't it ? ''
they always seem to hint that the world 's not really such a bad place after all . ''
the place was tidy , however , with none of the clutter that inevitably seemed to spring up in such places , and the doorstep of each house showed signs of frequent scrubbing .
this place is n't a real village - at least not in the sense that we understand it .
there are several centers of learning in dalasia , and i would n't be surprised to find out that this place is very similar .
that matched what had taken place .
chapter sixteen it was a dreary - looking place .
` ` it really was n't such a bad place , was it ? ''
` ` my son could be in that town , and i ' m not going to risk his life setting the whole place on fire . ''
that 's about all the time you and i and our friends are going to have to get clear of this place .
' i do n't think sunshine would help this place very much , ' ulath disagreed .
' there 's no way to know , berit , but the reek of this place is the reek of death .
let 's put this place behind us . '
' i suppose i could have , ' she admitted , laying one small hand caressingly on his bearded cheek , ' but i missed you - all of you - and i wanted you to see the place where i live . '
' what 's the place with all the spires ? '
there was a strange smell to the city , an odour that seemed to have no counterpart in any place sparhawk had ever visited .
like all styric villages , the place was rude .
several of my friends are barons of places that do n't even exist . ''
` ` i - it 's a horrible place .
it 's the most awful place in the world .
` ` does n't sound like too pleasant a place , does it ? ''
` ` i ' ve heard awful stories about places before , and they usually turned out to be about things that had happened generations before . ''
' this is a sorry place , ' she said with a certain amount of resignation in her voice ' i would n't even come in here - except that i do n't like to work the streets . '
if you go in after him , you 're likely to run into the bruisers who keep order in the place . '
' the madame of this place ' ' i probably should have guessed .
although he knew it was foolish , he wrapped his hand about his sword hilt , more for comfort than out of any belief that the weapon at his side would be of any use in this dreadful place .
evidently , she realizes that this will be her last chance to gain dominion of some part of the land of dhrall that 's out beyond the wasteland , so with the exception of the ones that take care of her in her nest , she 's probably emptied the place out .
since ekial had run off to some place to the east of malavi , ariga was obliged to take over his friend 's duties , and he was n't the least bit happy about that .
` ` then some friends and i had to go to a place called castano to hire enough ships to carry our men and their horses on up to the north end of a place called ' the land of dhrall . '
` ` they 're pretty enough , i suppose , '' ariga said , ` ` but i do n't think i 'd want to live in a place like this . ''
the chief who 'd been causing all of the trouble apologized all over the place , and everything went back to normal again .
` ` the same sort of thing happened all the time in the place where i grew up .
she sniffed briefly at her two cubs - totally ignoring the fact that one of them did n't look at all like a bear - and then she gently nestled them against her bearish bosom as if there was nothing at all peculiar taking place .
' we can give it a try , i suppose - but only what we get from those places you tell me about .
` ` of course , i grew up there , and everybody i ' ve ever met seems to think that no place in the whole world is half as nice as the place where he grew up . ''
` ` what 's the name of this place where you grew up , rabbit ? ''
let 's see what else this place has to offer . ''
this place is good enough for me . ''
` ` yes - until we got to a place called aldurford .
` ` the bear - cult is n't really that concentrated in one place .
chapter fourteen ` ` is this place all like this ? ''
` ` from everything i ' ve heard it 's a bad sort of place , '' he told her .
` ` boring sort of place , is n't it ? ''
` ` quite possibly , but they come here anyway because they ca n't resist the place .
i ' m not saying that faldor 's is a bad place , you understand .
as they wandered down into the city , garion was struck again by the bleak severity of the place .
it 's not a very attractive place . ''
` ` i hate this place , '' he said .
` ` you know about this place , do n't you ? ''
the vast buildings had little of that separateness that they had in other places .
i 'd like to get away from this place .
` ` it 's a poor place , but i think it has an inn - of sorts . ''
scrawny pigs rooted in the muddy streets , and the stench of the place was awful .
` ` i ' ve never seen so poor and mean a place - or people crushed into such hopeless misery .
` ` this place is a cesspool . ''
nyissa 's a murky sort of place , and salmissra 's palace is the murkiest spot in the whole country .
` ` would i frequent such places ? ''
` ` even this place is n't safe .
` ` the world is a topsy - turvy place , is it not , good friend ? ''
pix , for all his easygoing ways , had respect and stature in this place .
i 'd seen many disreputable storefronts and buildings , but witcherell 's was the dirtiest place i 'd ever seen .
this city is an uncivilized place in comparison to my beloved paris .
a part of me worried all those bodies would make gasses that would maybe blow the place up .
people will still want to have da babies , even when da world is a scary place . ''
i sent out a silent prayer that she 'd make it , because this place surely was hell compared to where she was from .
` ` not a problem , '' said winky , ` ` especially if they have lye in this place .
` ` honest to god , i think the chiefs are the best lookin ' guys in this place , '' said lashay .
` ` you live here , and the place is full of gators and snakes and whatnot .
i do n't want to live in a place where good kids are excluded because people are afraid and being selfish because of it .
` ` i ' m going to miss this place . ''
the sight of it made me feel sick to my stomach , imagining bodo stuck inside there when the place blew up .
` ` there are no diapers in this place .
and who the hell do you think came and got your boy here and took him out of there when the place was going up in smoke ? ''
` ` the place is locked up tighter than my aunt 's special closet , and it 's hugely huge . ''
and second of all , i did n't realize this place was a deadly germ factory before i said we should come .
` ` this place is huger than huge , '' said gretchen .
this world had become an incredibly small place , and a bad breakup could mean someone having to leave the only home we had .
otherwise , i ' m going to go nuts in this place in under a week . ''
` ` tell him , if he and the others want , i 'll blow this place to heaven when we go . ''
the place is going up in flames right now . ''
` ` when did they blow the place up ? ''
maybe once we get closer we can go into a tourist shop with some books that have info or a map of the whole place . ''
` ` there 's something really wrong about this place , '' whispered peter loudly .
` ` da everglades iss a really big place . ''
` ` you guys do n't even try to make this place look like a real business , '' he said , surprised by what he was seeing .
man , the way these things drag on the ground , i 'd hate to do laundry in this place .
` ` it 's not a bad place , really , '' she said after shoving another spoonful into her mouth .
` ` this place is like a ghost town , '' said michael .
` ` it might just be a part of this place , '' he offered .
code all over the place .
this place seemed like a wild card .
this place gives me the willies . ''
` ` this place is fantastic , '' sarah said , turning in a circle as if she 'd landed on another planet .
it 's unlocked and ready to welcome three crazy people eager to blow the place up .
i know how little you like this place .
these places he talked of , casterly rock and the eyrie , highgarden and the vale of arryn , dorne and the isle of faces , they were just words to her .
` ` what will this place be like in winter ?
if only she could climb like bran , she thought ; she would go out the window and down the tower , run away from this horrible place , away from sansa and septa mordane and prince joffrey , from all of them .
all the places that jon would never see .
` ` ca n't say i 'll be sad to see the back of this place .
they were a lot scarier than this place , she told herself .
a miserable hard place , in truth ... but my lord father once told me that hard places breed hard men , and hard men rule the world . ''
such places are best shunned .
lady would have liked this place , she thought .
viserys always said the seven kingdoms were more beautiful than any other place in the world .
` ` an old place , and strong , '' thoren smallwood said .
` ` this place is cursed , '' the man with the crossbow said .
` ` some places even a khal must walk alone , '' dany said .
` ` the man took too great an interest in our choice of route , and those woods ... such places are notorious haunts of outlaws .
the war has not touched this place , jaime thought .
` ` before the war we were four - and - forty , and this was a prosperous place .
the places nearest the wall got raided so much the smallfolk moved south , into the mountains or onto the umber lands east of the kingsroad .
this place was put to the torch a long time ago . ''
` ` i mislike this place .
` ` i mislike this place . ''
bran was scared of this place , and almost as scared of admitting it to the reeds .
bran slipped inside his skin , just for an instant , to get the smell of the place .
the vale of arryn might have been spared the worst of the war , but it was hardly the idyllic place that lady lysa had made it out to be .
it was a place of whites and blacks and greys .
` ` an unsavory place , '' the dwarf admitted .
when last she had seen maidenpool , the town had been a desolation , a grim place of empty streets and burned homes .
in some places they had assumed fantastic shapes .
even a wine - soaked sot like dontos hollard would have better sense than to bring her to this bleak place .
no land could have been more different from tarth , with its mountains and waterfalls , its high meadows and shadowed vales , yet this place had its own beauty , brienne thought .
she could not love this place , no matter how she tried .
ghoyan drohe had never been large , tyrion recalled from his histories , but it had been a fair place , green and flowering , a city of canals and fountains .
a vile smuggler 's den , that place .
dany shut her eyes and tried to think of home , of dragonstone and king 's landing and all the other places that viserys had told her of , in a kinder land than this ... but her thoughts kept turning back to slaver 's bay , like ships caught in some bitter wind .
dorne had seemed a queer place to him as well when first he came here with his own princess , many years ago .
with her rag and her shaved head and her mummer 's mole , she did not look the same as she had then , but just to be safe she stayed away from the ship and the happy port and the other places where cat had been best known .
they were wildlings from west - eros , from a place called hardhome .
the girlish maester euron had inflicted upon him back in westeros claimed this place had once been called ' the isle of a hundred battles , ' but the men who had fought those battles had all gone to dust centuries ago .
as ser kevan made his way across the inner ward , the castle seemed an alien place , where every keep and tower had grown icy teeth , and all familiar paths had vanished beneath a white blanket .
there are republic eyes all over the place .
` ` and , yes , i have to admit that these virtual numbers i see all over the place are strange to me .
what i see as norway , france , spain , germany , and the british isles used to be part of a larger place called europe .
lamar , westwick , and burlington were places they mentioned .
jets are raging in dogfights all over the place .
but the hospital is a dangerous place , and a sponsor would ' ve had to pay day a great deal of money .
if there is a noon in this place .
something not right with this place beyond all that 's so obviously wrong .
` ` england 's a crowded place .
it just sits there , silent as a rock from the earth , covered in the dust of this place .
it was suddenly as if , for the briefest of moments , the burden had been lifted , like there was no gravity at all , like he had finally set down the heavy load he 'd been carrying - he knows he should stop this thinking , knows he should get moving , keep himself occupied with simply surviving this place , but he feels like he 's at the bottom of a well , with sunshine and life and escape all miles away , no one to hear him , even if he could call for help .
she 'd started packing boxes before his father had even accepted the job , and they were gone from england in a bewildering tornado of a month , moving to halfmarket , a place that may not have been under a permanent winter 's night but sure felt that way .
because maybe this place is a journey .
and if this place really is a kind of hell , maybe you have to die to leave it .
` ` just look at this place . ''
because this place might be one thing .
` ` cuz the place yer a - leaving is so bad ye got ta leave . ''
sure , prentisstown was as awful a place as you could ever not wan na paint it but how can it suddenly be an army ?
a place where there 's never any new people , a place you can never get beyond the borders of .
a place like prentisstown , come to think of it , where if you disappeared , you ai n't never coming back .
you have n't even seen the place yet .
some of those places looked like they would have eaten us so i just kept on and on and you got sicker and sicker and then on the second morning i saw doctor snow and jacob out fishing and i could see in his noise he was a doctor and as weird as this place is about women , it 's at least clean . ''
` ` let me tell you bout the place you ' ve been born into , son .
deeper in the caves are the mines , originally sunk to find coal or salt and then when none were found , diamonds and then gold , which were n't found either , as if they 'd do anyone any good in this place anyway .
a whole city 's worth to try and make this place something better than the stinking boghole it is . ''
now he 's just walking round again like he owns the place , like he 's completely in charge of the whole goddam world again , like what i did to him and how i beat him is of no concern at all .
you can shake off the past and maybe , just maybe , you 'll bring paradise to this place .
water had formed it , but not the gentle , nourishing rains of other places .
boy is this place a tropical jungle now , i 'll tell ya .
this place , '' he said , turning the booth off again .
music reminded her of this place , or at least how she felt when she was listening to her music .
` ` this place is beautiful , '' said colton .
do you believe this place ?
peter was a surveillance man he had the city wired and he knew everything that was going on in this place .
` ` this summer i went to a very poor place in mexico .
well , lets get started cleaning this place up , he said , his voice devoid of all enthusiasm .
and you know what else this place sucks at night !
this place is so gross !
this place is disgusting !
this place is so dirty and disgusting .
he says you like this place .
were they all renegades , from different places , summoned by the white renegades call ?
the marsh was a hard , cruel place , but it made us strong .
fusions are a fascinating geological creation of mother nature and only found in south beachno place else on the entire continent .
za saw us the other night and believed something else was taking place .
look at the bright side , son , you re going to a really nice place with the other goody - goody folks that i do nt really care about .
this place is nice and pretty and safe and warm compared to her other home since her first home is dark , cold , and ugly since she only recalls the darkness then daniel then many teachers who teach her about her target drake .
which was lucky , since most of my mind was occupied with the miracle that had just taken place .
they talked about some of the places they 'd lived before indiana , which included colorado and st . louis and even australia , before rigel was born .
also , that it was fear of those devices that had convinced many of them to follow morven in the first place .
i d always be shocked by the amount of people who knew my dad , it was nt until i got a summer job a year ago here that i realised just how many people came in and out of the place on a daily basis ; farmers , garda , teachers , sports players , local legends and some young people i recognised from being a year or two ahead of me in school .
normally i hate the rain , however today it seems to reflect my mood perfectly after visiting a place i used to know so well .
yeah , anything to get outta this place for the day .
this place is savage !
this town is a picnic at the park compared to some of the places we ve seen .
we step into the room , the walls are the first thing i notice , they are plastered with photographs , the chronicles of gemmas life , there are pictures of her in school , with her friends on the beach , with her family in foreign countries , pictures of different places she visited along with pictures of her as a child .
they got us inside the school and set the place on fire .
this place stinks .
the place is as quiet as a cemetery on a blustery winters night .
just hearing charles words made the excitement in me grow more and more in anticipation of seeing new friends and exploring new places .
zack and i stood silently watching what had just taken place and were in shock .
might be why this place smells like a hospital .
she knew that christopher columbus discovered north america , but she did not know that he thought he was in some place that used to be called india at the time .
burn this place to the ground .
he offered me a holiday anywhere in the world , and i suppose you already guess which place i named .
eric had nt been expecting to see a place so funny and amusing .
i remember what this place looked like thirteen years ago : it was a hell full of evil , witches , and wizards , said the only female voice in the living room .
good memories came from it , even if the place itself had gone bad .
this place was very old .
the gossip in this place is worse than the human school .
it was an underground cave that has been here since any one creature in the place can remember .
wide , flat things can sail through the air , and wide stiff things can move the air , like the fan in mr . niles place .
a pox on this accursed place !
i do nt suppose there s a map of this place , is there ?
only casper , who himself would tell you how he stuck out in this place like lindsay lohan in an amish church took a liking to us .
the greenery , while more brilliant than anything in the states , is less vibrant than in my memory and i wonder if everything about this place will be like that .
he really did nt want to dob his friends in because he knew they were in a bad place .
this place is really something special , he thought to himself .
its better than those places i used to see on the pages of those catalogues i covered myself with on the streets .
this place is more than any dream i have ever wished for , but passing the education part is really scary , seeing i have nt been to school for about a year .
what is the go with this place ?
this place is tight .
you know what i already like this place , sis .
this place is really starting to give me the creeps .
i know not of such a place , and your stories will get you nowhere , princess gloria .
no one has ever heard of this place you speak of .
the truth was , he d clamped his arm around her waist a little too close for comfort on the ride to that horrible place , and he d threatened her life more than once .
i m talking about this place .
of course they would nt know what a camera was in a place where they still knew what a chastity belt was and thought asking for a womans hand in marriage meant knocking her over the head and dragging her to ones cage .
like you said , we were nt born here , and the people who were probably know more about the place than we do .
there is something off in this place though , said frank .
i have no idea why everyone in this place seems to think that .
he s originally from scotland , so i thought maybe he knew about this place .
then uncle argyle had shipped her off to this place where the walls had eyes and it seemed that everyone waited breathlessly to see if she turned into a monster like her father .
she wished she could have grown up in such a place , totally accepted by everyone .
the world is a much darker place than you realize .
trucks roar by going 70 , 80 miles an hour , blasting right through this middle of nowhere place .
out here some of the farmland is close enough if i get desperate for food hitchhiking is nt legal most places .
our town in montana was small , and there were maybe 50 kids in my grade , most of them coming in from ranches sprawled out all over the place .
but i would nt thank me until after we get you out of that place in one whole piece .
who knows , but this place is going to be crazy today .
then his mom wo nt even have to worry about driving us all over the place .
hey , boss , are nt you sick of this place ?
i wonder if he s from the same place as my mother .
i think they ' ve given up trying to keep people away from this place .
it 's been a long time since i did any real reading on the place ; i did most of my research on st . paul 's after i took my first trip here when my mother brought me on a holy day when i was maybe nine or ten .
i m sure there are all kinds of wards and guards all over the place .
its not going to grow again there s no reproduction , no germination , taking place .
try and sense the depletion of energy taking place as you all draw on it .
california was one place i d hated more than any other in the mortal world .
i do nt understand why you wish to leave this place so much aristaeus .
this place is giving me bad vibes .
quiet son , i am well aware of what took place between your brother and my nephew .
chapter 5 aphrodite reappears in the city of sparta staring out at the passing citizens as her thoughts drift to her son , she had never really cared for the place much , but now that her son had fled sparta the place seemed like a dead husk completely .
chapter 5 aphrodite reappears in the city of sparta staring out at the passing citizens as her thoughts drift to her son , she had never really cared for the place much , but now that her son had fled sparta the place seemed like a dead husk completely .
think relaxing thoughts , dream of a place that is totally yours and filled with the people and things that you care about .
whatever he wishes to speak to me about does not bode well for me i m sure , be ready to flee this place at a moments notice .
this place is a hoax fashioned by a monster ; you did nt consider it was a little bizarre that we were breathing underwater without any help ?
ill say , now lets find that door and get out of this place before something else happens .
i would nt worry about it kol , that s a weird place and ill bet you that things are nt always the same for everyone .
this evil place , this dark world , has wrapped its sinewy fingers around me , clinging with the icy chill of dead hands , dead souls , and dead dreams .
this place is disgusting .
everything that ever bothered me about this place rises to the forefront of my mind .
i do nt know how it is in this place , but its usually customary to give someone a gift for their birthday .
there were people standing all over the place in little groups .
maybe it was part of the magic of this place .
it was really a beautiful place .
very soon , nurse vera would take him to the airport and he d fly to a strange place he d only heard stories about .
its been hundreds of years since a macbain or any other human has been in this place .
a very old place .
this place gives me the creeps .
as a child , angela grew up listening to stories told by her grandparents , ancient tales and legends of faraway places .
i take a look at the farm and think to myself , are you really ready to leave this place ?
girlie , you mean to tell me you really miss this place ?
in fact , i do nt know how my brother even got you to go out with him in the first place .
that place is so ugly !
that week went with most of the time being occupied by the computer screen , either playing a game , chatting with friends from school , finding old friends from different places and talking to them .
its been more than two weeks since i have been lying in the fucked up place half dead and yet you did nt even care to talk to me or even talk to your best friend ayesha to check if i was alive or dead when the beating i took was because of you in the first place .
after about an hour , even though the sea was calming but i got sick of the place and wanted a change .
this place is killing me now .
liking the place ?
she wants to stay away from this place for a while .
there 's got to be something else to do in this place .
alec is like my rock in this place .
it was her fault we moved here in the first place and now my life was miserable .
you know how those places are .
maybe there are some good things about this place , i thought .
chapter twenty that afternoon at track practice i tried to act like nothing unusual had taken place between connor and me , but when he caught my eye , he winked at me .
i could nt suffer through two more months of this place unless i knew i had no other choice .
i wantednoi needed to know what took place .
is the place radioactive or something ?
in a place with two suns like some science fiction movie ?
this place is so awful much more dangerous than i really believed .
i do nt want to go , i want to stay right here and admire the place .
i had qualms about this place before and now they heighten .
` ` we used to live in this .. place ?
that place was so foggy , i could tell there was a fire all the way from the entrance of the horse club , he said as he crossed the short distance toward me , manoeuvring his lofty frame through the tightly - packed space .
what , with helicopters strewn all over the place ?
another small pond , which was surrounded by ferns , shone silver ; when she looked , she saw that the shine came from hundreds of small fish , or whatever fish equivalents there were in this place , swimming beneath its surface .
simone would slyly maneuver her way through insults , always subtly implying that reece was equally as vulgar , being from such a place .
i guess that must be why , even though its obvious i m in a very foreign place , i see so many similarities between here and home .
the places she had seen thus far would never have led her to believe these conditions existed in this world .
its just that , i was starting to believe that pemdas was some strange and perfect world ; a place that did nt experience poverty .
reece just needed to leave this place .
pemdas was no longer a place she was proud to call her home .
you ca n't hold me responsible for every rumor that flows through this place .
you live in the middle of all of the constant machinations that define this place even though you do n't realize it .
its a horrid , hateful place .
i grew up here and for much of that time it was a happy and joyous place but that slowly changed , first lydias father died , then maces and just a couple of nights ago my father .
you re right i was just trying to be nice , its hard to feel sorry for you looking at the place where you grew up at least you knew your parents .
this kid is the one who brought him back home in the first place .
shed painted this place .
he knew something was bothering him about this place in general , but had no idea what it was .
but if you had a good home life , why did you even join them in the first place ?
the old place smelled of garbage and rust , which made jesses eyes water .
it was like being inside a depressing storm cloud , though on brighter days he knew the place was more airy and light .
a place sort of like earth , but still an alien planet , maybe with some sort of magic on it , and people and treasure .
oh , mannow that s one grody notion , i said , but i bet the place stinks pretty bad inside right nowrotting corpse or no rotting corpse .
i d love to work in a place like that .
you re better off staying far , far away from that place across the street .
bean , why do you suppose burke crossed the street in the first place to get our bats and gloves ?
why do you think your father does nt want you going even near the kern place ?
and after seeing red blow a gasket a few weeks ago , i d just assume be on the safe side from now on and take old lady burkes advice to stay awayfar awayfrom that stinking place .
dumb ass , you re the one who is so keen on taking burkes advice to stay away from the kern place .
the cops told us to stay out of that godforsaken place !
when you get right down to it , that s why we ve hung around the place so muchdont you think ?
funny thing , but the casale boys do nt come away from this place with wearable shirts .
big news to report from the kern place .
it was weird for her , to hear everyones thoughts on the place she 'd come to love , along with the people she 'd come to love .
what had this place done to her ?
he wanted to be done with this place , but how could anybody simply walk away from a woman who looked so battered and beaten by all the elements .
pickpocketing was easy in those places , at least compared to a bar .
look at this place , this is nt a school , its something evil .
we knew beforehand that akira is in the shinjuku grand hotel but now we know that this place is infested with monsters !
the world let you see again , it will let you take in the smiles of those who you will set free from this wretched place .
i had a hard time eating at school in such a crowded place and was having a hard time making friends at first .
there were plant experts all over the place in the garden center , and customers would come find the cashier to ask questions like that .
the reason i caught this illness is because i am not from this place .
that was the place his mother came from .
his father told him all about the place that day , about the greed , corruption , poverty and filth .
yet , seeing firsthand how the kingdom was run and how the people lived , he had no desire to be in a place so singularly focused on war .
i m sick of this vile place .
i do nt want anyone to know what took place today .
i wanted to take the focus off what i would nt do and turn it toward what he found so fascinating about this place .
the disaster that happened to the place where you grew up is a prime example of what these cretins are willing to do in order to dethrone me .
this place is changing you a little more every time i look at you . ''
i was genuinely curious as to what the rumor mill around a place like valhalla was spreading .
tell me what you know about this place , said mosom , coming to a sudden stop .
a place suggested by brad because its out nowhere .
every time i begin to adore the deep mystery of these jungles , the next day i am reminded why i despise this pestilent , moss - drenched place .
atlantis is a wonderful place , but i think it lacks grace and etiquette at times .
i m only giving you a warning because this place is rather pleasant .
if it had nt , i would nt be here , in this awesome place on the other side of the country .
the place screamed rich .
once trapper was back to his normal size the two of them swam back into the cabin looking all over the place for any sign of the shark or corsair .
since getting to their home kermit had nt left his side continually asking about other stories and places he s been and seen .
a single parent needs good information and it helps to have friends in different places .
is that what this place is ?
the only reason i m in stupid study hall in the first place is because dean winters told me i d get 30 extra credit points in my civics class , and that s the only class i have less than an a in at the moment .
that place was a prison to me !
not here , michael said , i want to get as far away from this cursed place as we can .
she picked a black convertible sports car , which completely sucked in the snow , and shed taken a lot of teasing about since they always lived in places with ice covered roads .
this place is like a nightmare anymore , i swear .
this place is probably getting hit pretty hard by all of this .
some places have jungles , artie said , gulping down another swig .
i ve got a few dollars in my shoe , and i know several great places in that town , noah .
this place looks miserable , jimmy said as he stopped next to noah .
the place with the walnut trees ?
i just knew in my gut that whatever had taken place was going to be the end of us .
well , it must be good to have it in running order again ; this place truly was a pigsty .
so what do you think of the place so far ?
this place was part of it .
but if this place helped you , then it ca nt be all bad .
this whole place was crazy and the sooner she could get off the island the better .
i m telling you this place is crazy , so be careful .
this place really is screwed up , he said when she had finished her story .
this place has changed me .
but do you think this place helped you ?
but this place is helping me , daphne said , which was nt a lie .
lets not waste any more time in this nasty place then .
do nt tell me you re going to miss this place .
in spite of all the misery i had yet to face in this country , france was a beautiful place .
only the toughest kids kept their heads on in a place like the westminster childrens home , where teachers tried to get under your skirt , and bullies aimed to make you the poster child for losers .
julian startled me when he inched closer and said so low that only i could hear , i did nt expect that a place like this would make you so happy .
strange , how very much this place had grown on me in the last three days .
i could nt send you to marie and risk that you d never want to return to me after you d lived for years in a good place like this .
it had been a mistake coming to this place and agreeing to this post , because it certainly was nt a marriage .
this blighted place is all the more horrible for knowing that someone has to live here , that many someones are living here .
the grandinians have to experience this chill , terrible place day in and day out .
shooting paper targets and soda cans in the backyard at home was nothing compared to the many different things i could learn in this place .
the underworld was nt my favorite place , perhaps , but i did nt dislike it .
i liked listening to the wailing of lost souls asking for help in a place where help never came .
amber had never seen herself as religious , but in this moment she felt spiritually connected to all young people caught in hell on earth the place shed been lucky enough to escape from .
back then this place had been full of death .
since the 20 day siege , london had been a place no one dared visit .
but , are you seeing this place ?
i live in reality ; a place filled with death and heartbreak , some place where i ca nt get what i want and i doubt i ever will .
i have always known i was destined for something greater than this place , i just never knew i would possibly take my demons with me .
i wonder about the women and their families , about what brought them to this place .
when you live in a place like murderers , you learn fast that you ca nt be too picky , if the domus were nt such a wealthy clan , perhaps we would have turned out that way also .
perhaps its one of the things you get used to when you live in an as unforgiving of a place as murderers .
you re a bit young for this place , he said brusquely , ignoring my barb .
you know this place ai nt so bad .
jesus , the place was crawling with bloodsuckers !
imagine my delight when i discovered what you are and then to find out that you were what brought me to portland in the first place .
the more i saw of this place , the more unreal it seemed and the harder it was for me to believe that part of me belonged to this world .
it was colder here than i remembered , but despite my discomfort i took a long moment to look around at the place i never thought i d see again when i drove away from here a few days ago .
i was nt seeing werewolves quickly running all over the place , rather an arrhythmic indication of a werewolfs location .
this place eats almost as much as harry does .
my car , so i can go places !
you remember this place ?
the place was scary enough during the day .
he might have been easy to ignore and forget , if not for two things : one was the golden tint to his skin , so strange to see in a place like england , and almost gleaming in the sunlight .
so this place is real .
then a goose honked and shattered the illusion , reminding him he was sitting at the edge of a river in the middle of england , hundreds of miles from the place he d been taught to think of as home .
we got ta clean this place up .
no the place is marvelous , besides all the corruption and whatnot it is a relatively great place to be .
this place has not changed in a hundred years .
plus , i was trying to minimise the risk of dying in a place where i would probably have the most unfashionable funeral ever .
finally something interesting was happening in this boring , boring place .
with sunshine on my back , fresh air in my nostrils and warm hot chocolate in my mouth i could nt help smiling inside , even though i did nt want to let it be known that i thought kangaroo valley was actually one of the cutest places i d ever seen .
that place creeped me out .
this stupid place .
but then she would nt have abandoned me in a car park in the first place .
but then what chance did i have with a newly - adult celtic goddess flouncing about the place ?
personally , i said gingerly , i do nt know why you ever got involved with him in the first place .
you re speaking to the veteran of how the hell do i get out of this place ?
if there s a way into this place there s got to be a way out .
yes i am , barret said sternly , the last few days have been the best days i ve had since landing in this place .
they are not hardy enough to withstand the harsh climate of a place like oomaldee .
he seemed to be unfazed by what just took place .
she got up off the couch ; sebastian just sat there unnerved by what was taking place .
i tell you that place is no good for love .
can you believe this place ?
i could nt believe i let myself get dragged to this place .
being a big city girl , the small island town was nt her thing , but she wanted to get the full feel of the place so she could explain to her dad in detail why they were better off in chicago .
why would anyone voluntarily bring a child into this horrible place ?
i wonder if she s telling us about the places she s visiting .
before aria had shown her the place in a dream , rhapsody would nt have even known there was a medical college in charleston .
its the bastards who own this place .
the place where he d had his surprise birthday party only yesterday , the place where his parents no matter what the truth of the matter may be , he would always think of them as his real parents were killed .
i did nt think this place had any underground workings , he said looking up to lithgow .
if i ca nt stop the man who runs this place , daniel said pointing at the hologram of brinkley house , then i want you to do it for me .
ca nt you see the whole place is going to blow ?
i can taste the salt in the air , and that is something about this place that i love .
he was nt looking after the place .
how sad it must be to live out your life in a place like this .
this place ai nt called dog walk city for nothing you know .
it was like i was watching something magical take place , some sort of movie special effects .
drives in the family car must have been carefully plotted to avoid these places .
i was always glad to leave those places , and now , well , i could nt go if i wanted to , she paused , her face becoming sharp and dark , it was months before i dared to go see the wreckage , though it seemed it was all that was on anyones mind .
its different now , though , but i do nt think its this place that made it so .
this place is different .
roger would often find himself panting for air and hanging on to his knees at the finish of an obstacle course while olga , in her generic grey sweat suit , jogged in place and berated him in her native tongue .
there s no reason to have the aliens just waltzing into our country like they own the place .
so we need to get into the hospital before the place is crawling with coppers .
this place gave her the creeps .
you would nt have any dealings with someone who was wired up to the mains would you , screaming and feeding back all over the place ?
people have had to be evacuated from their homes , businesses closed , cracks appearing all over the place .
there are some strange fish living in those place i can tell you that much too .
` ` wow , this place feels creepy at night , '' bella shivered as she and the boys cooperated with the rebels and quietly resided at a table .
i had been to alaska before ; it had been a cold and lonely place then , too .
my brain was too numb , unable to piece together what had just taken place .
he knew his grandfather possessed of deep wisdom but since their journey to places unseen he could see that his grandfather looked beyond the material into the soul of humankind .
this saying was written many years ago , in a place far away .
she had been wandering for a long time and before that the places she had lived where too uncomfortable to ever be called home .
now , a distance away to the south of the town was the mila forest , a dark and forbidding place , and the communal plots were just a hop away from the last building on the main town road .
you know , it may be a little hard to find him , i have so many handsome men scattered about the place .
it sounds like this is a lovely place , but why did bashas mother , kala , leave here ?
fato shrugged and said , i ca nt complain , although i have nt gotten one decent rat since i got to this miserable place .
it makes me wonder what a place like you is doing in a woman likeno , wait a moment , i meant to say monika laughed and aman blushed , his cheek turning the bright crimson of an apple .
she thought of her mom ; her faceless father who only existed on theresas story ; she thought of the moment theresa told her the story about tatiana , how she escaped black kingdom and married the prince of white kingdom and gave birth to victorias father ; she also thought of the day she became a wirth ; she thought of thayer and his house which pretended to live in a private location inside the forest , looking so safe and anonymous , the smothered house which no longer felt anonymous or safe ; she thought of the place which felt as if staying there was like staying in a torturing jail place ; she thought of how the place she was in now no longer felt like a place of learning but a place wherein shell be buried dead ; victoria went back on her fathers thought again , of how it would feel to stay and live with him as she grows older ; she thought of how sad it was when she never had any chance to live with him ; she thought of having him in her memory would be a symbol of being strong ; she thought of how her father died in the arms of black wirths ; she thought of living , of fighting for her family , of protecting everyone she loves .
well , actually this is not the first time victoria heard of the place .
you re saving thousands of lives in that place and you re going to risk yours .
i do nt recognize the names of any of the places he mentioned .
i ca nt picture these foreign brothers growing up in the same place that i did .
she knew little about the place , except that its people made the finest silks .
illiamna in general is a place riddled with superstition , but the myths and fallacies surrounding sea lore and sea travel are greatly enhanced by the dangers inherent in such a livelihood .
i grew up right near there in baxley , and that seemed bad enough , but it ai nt half as bad as the other place .
for a moment she felt the gnawing regret that her own family was still in that terrible place , but she shook off the feeling .
you ll recall that we ended up on the floor of that nasty place .
with all of that information circulating in a place as small as sugar creek , i would ve been more surprised to learn that someone had nt heard that the ri project had come to town .
do you really want your memories of this place to be riddled with regrets ?
still the place does give me the creeps , which has to account for something ?
a friend of his , former friend if you ask me , had told him that he had heard that places here were cheap and he could probably get a job here somewhere so here we are .
she really likes him , and she needs a friend to ease her into this place .
but do nt go ruining the one thing that might tie her to this place .
believe it or not next year she is going to become an adult and if she does nt have something or somebody that ties her down to this place shell probably leave .
i m set on asking sage what exactly happened and apologizing for what took place yesterday .
a place where flowers did not wither and die but grew in abundance year after year ?
teds been turning up all over the place for the last couple of days .
at keyton that made him the standout best in some areas but he knew at places like county high , where there were thirty kids in a class , average at everything would mean he was just that : average .
like a crypt across the horizon the place always made me shudder .
zoes always moaning about how she hates this place .
that place is a sore spot in this town .
but , when i opened my eyes , i saw that heaven appeared to be remarkably like the place i had just left .
we stick together until we find everything out about this place .
it should nt take me too long to find one if this place has it .
what a waste it would be if he stayed in this place .
do not misunderstand my words , but , being alone for some time in this place , and knowing a lot about people at the same time , makes me feel that you have a troubled mind .
what mattered the most was to head back home before nightfall , and rest his worries somewhere else other than this place .
olden would do well in this place , steven thought sardonically .
you will wish you had given me four golden coins for this one , but listen , in a town far from your imagination , a place only the wittiest thrived , there once lived a young boy .
he had to get out of this place and seek the dwarfs help .
he called the waiter for another cup , and went on : i knew you could not leave such a remarkable place and such delicious food and a wonderful dwarf like myself who tells great tales and knows great deals of things .
the pair were quiet for a few minutes , arlen once again rerunning the mental catalogue of events she had built up from the patchy information found , and alice wondering that places like this still existed in the twenty first century .
mrs penmullen was noted throughout the village for having the largest nose and the widest mouth in the place , and this fresh and exciting piece of gossip would just about make her day .
it was aunt mauds crabbiness and this strange horror house of a place playing on her nerves .
even your sister has been to places you can never see from here .
at the end of every school year mr . sanchez had asked his students to send him postcards from the many places to which they traveled .
no no i mean what s the name of the place ?
as bad as things were in the united states , things were even worse in many other places in the world .
wow , he continued as he scanned the room , this place is weird .
why stay in this crummy place all day waiting for you to take me home ?
no , i ' ve never heard of that place . ''
dear lord , this place never fails to amaze me .
this place looks a little spiritual for that sort of activity , do nt you think ?
i understand only too well why he does nt want to live in a place that has so many bad and good memories at the same time .
but burning the place down will take care of it all .
i ve always thought of her as a city girl , a woman who would prefer to live in an opulent , busy place .
i know that gossip spreads in this place , but even so , i m surprised at the speed of the news of my freak - out .
it is a fair and just place , well be able to start a new life there !
it was a place so dark and evil that no one has come ever come out alive .
lets just leave this place .
she gasped for air ; her heart was still racing from the events that just took place .
i guess if i m stuck here , the least i can do is to discover as much as i can about this place , and why they know my name .
the water bill of such a place has to be exorbitant , not that they have to pay bills in the rod .
you ve made my first year at the academy way better than i ever imagined , and you know all my illusions of grandeur i had about this place .
not this year on this campus , when a monster would move among the fine fall foliage that made this place a picture - postcard of everything that is great and good about american colleges .
probably the least glamorous place on earth .
all those places .
you never know who s a wanker around this place .
lea did n't even think of that place as her home , her parents did n't want to accept her for who she was , they wanted to turn her in whatever they wanted , and she just did n't feel like letting them do that .
` ` i sure am going to miss this place . ''
alonso taught lea how to close the gym and how he expected the place to be like .
no one in those places really cared about us , but julie actually likes us . ''
kasta way was a place that lived in stories and poems , not a village in the southeastern steppes .
surrounded by green life and dark soil and charlotta 's blonde hair and fair skin , viktor thought for a moment that he might never leave this place .
just a few turns into the great fairy ring , viktor began to understand how easy it was to become bewildered in such a place .
this past year was the first in his eighteen years of life that he d had much to smile about , and this place was the reason .
in that case , maybe you could transfer me to the personnel who arrested her in the first place ?
she was looking where she always looked when she came back to this place , at the boughs of the old tree in the back corner of the yard .
especially considering the recent history between you and that place .
but it seems like there s more to this place than that kind of logic .
you ve wanted to know all about this place for a while .
there s more to this place than that kind of logic .
they built this place to be better than anything on earth , cordova said through a bite of venison burger , did nt they ?
the surface he grew up on was dark and dead and empty , this place was breathtaking .
it was the section of the surface where all the keepers lived , the place where he had grown up , and the place where the people he trusted had given up on him and had cast him out .
it was the section of the surface where all the keepers lived , the place where he had grown up , and the place where the people he trusted had given up on him and had cast him out .
if he was never allowed back home , this could be the last time he saw this place .
after all , the underground was a very big place and the keepers were fewer in numbers these days .
the seraph world must have been a dull place .
the world is a scary place but you can sleep well , for i am here to make it safer .
she was sleepin with everyone in the place .
` ` the further we got from lael the more your mother remembered this place .
or maybe it was when we moved from the big city to the new place .
the new place was by the sea , it did nt have a big roads , it did nt even have its own buses .
on the walls were postcards from all over the place .
i d love to be able to get down the beach , away from this place , shed say .
it was a scary horrible place and i did nt want to go back .
sometimes i d see serious sally around the place still delivering vegetables in her old mini .
it was a convenient location , but it was just not a place that was currently in the news , and he really thought that someone of his stature and authority should be called to meetings in new york , or somewhere in europe , or something a little more prestigious .
i ve never heard of nebraska , but it sounds like a lovely place .
everything about this place was terrible .
this place was evil .
even though it had been nonstop craziness , he knew he 'd miss this place .
they took me to the white house , where people from all over the place are coming to .
nasty place .
do all of these mirrors go places ?
wizards and magic are commonplace here , where they might not be in other places .
percival writes stories all the timeabout places like fantastique and many othersall sorts of weird creatures with strange powers and stuff .
come on , killer , lets not get left behind in this place .
` ` i certainly have enjoyed this place .
do nt make this place more than it is .
but it was inner - city culture mixed with canadian culture mixed with every ethnic culture all in one place .
` ` look at this place !
` ` come and see the place with me .
that s a good boy going places !
with a deep sigh i gave up the fight , which is probably how i ended up in the program in the first place .
i abolished that forty years ago , and if nobles are still unhappy about it , they can go to live in a place that allows that kind of barbaric lifestyle !
` ` no , it is n't actually , carmel is actually the name of several different cities and towns all across the country and the world , including places like new york , california , west australia and el carmel in spain , where as caramel , is a confectionery product made by heating any of a variety of sugars .
` ` you are a young and brightly intelligent young lady , from what i ' ve been told , why do you choose to work at such a demeaning , derogative place ? ''
i ca n't believe he let the place get so bad .
luna , i could only imagine about how hard it must be to go back to that place .
in this moment , with their eyes locked , something magical was taking place .
buddy had decided , not knowing when , but only knowing the decision had to be made to find his way to a place not known for sophistication and technological superiority .
it was a dreadfully awful thing , he thought , that people would spend so much of their lives cooped up in a place that was so terribly ventilated .
` ` this place is crazy .
in her mind , tornadoes hit places like oklahoma and kansas .
having attended the same school for his entire life in a place as small as norwich , new students were something of a novelty .
this place is sort of eerie , cole whispered to no one in particular .
but now that he was here in this strange and unfamiliar place where anything was possible , all he could think about was the change bowl on top of the refrigerator at home , where at this point on an ordinary day he would stuff a few coins into his pockets to buy a mars bar outside the ugly concrete lcr .
how is it that none of us have ever heard of this place then , if we all grew up just miles away from it ?
i mean , i ve certainly never heard about this place before .
then she made an effort to quiet her voice to a normal pitch and said as steadily as she could , so how big is this place , then ?
or maybe i do nt have a gift because i do nt belong in this place , and everybody made a huge mistake !
this place is mental .
oh , you mean , why are nt i worshipping at your feet like everyone else in this wretched place ?
have nt you noticed a theme in this place , of how to find something when you do nt know where it is ?
maybe some of our atmosphere bled into this place .
your dad thinks that means he can blow this place to bits .
and you think this place would ?
what i never imagined , though , was the delight at seeing those places with sam .
we thought you were never getting out of that place !
this place is less than ideal , aunt jenny acknowledges .
alright ill justkeep an eye on this place , he said unsurely .
my name is damocles , and you are right and wrong about this place .
listen ryan , i ca n't give you the exact reasoning behind it , but in this place a persons appearance is kind of an idealised reflection of their true self .
you know , you re lucky to have such a close friend in this place .
you were right ryan ; this place is full of weirdos .
back then , this place was just an island and the tower did nt exist .
you guys think you ve got it tough , but try getting your head round this place on your own .
mum , look at this place !
he would clean the place up .
anyway , my point is that there s a lot for you still to discover about this place .
nah , its definitely something to do with this place .
he s just not as good as he d have you believe , otherwise he would be running this place by now .
by all means learn from this place , but do nt let it change you the way it has them .
it was hardly a place that exuded class an ugly , garish sprawl built on top of an old landfill site but that was not something that bothered kids ryans age in the slightest .
this was partly because gibbo had no desire to leave the place in a hurry and partly because it had proven to be a pretty fruitless afternoon for them on the pulling front .
the place where no one asks how much the tuition is , because if you send your kid here , you can afford whatever it is and do nt care what it costs , as long as your child is getting the best education money can buy .
there s got to be more to life than this place , she thought .
in such places life is a lot more black and white .
it is a place where the talentless are revered and the deserving scrape to get by .
it was one of the places i visited before settling here .
lets see what this place is like .
in some places its considered rude to pass on unwanted presents .
this place is not good for me .
you would not believe this place .
we all come from different places but i do nt know why we are this size .
i am going to sue this place for everything its got .
they could nt stop what had already taken place .
the place was still screwed up from drug war down south .
then you get to the see the place you ' ve only heard in stories , she said .
why did you choose this place , this town , this beach ?
besides , haruki had to get the download on faizel and the rest of the quirks of this place .
gone were our places in the fabric of this place .
he told me that was the idea that changed this place .
he had enough money to find and kidnap her in the first place and plenty left over to track her down in olympia .
it 's why we go all over the place to help people .
this place is stressing you out .
a place i knew but where no one knew me .
ryder explained , chase avoids this place as often as he can .
my mother had never felt more at home than she did in this pretentious place .
you ve been thrown into this new place , and then , from out of the blue , comes your father who abandoned you at birth .
she had taken their baby to the countryside to raise her in what she considered to be a better place and did nt want her father to go along .
this place is nice .
major cities were not places that i liked to visit very often because there were never really any monsters in them and way too many people .
this place was much different .
you did when you started terrorizing this place .
my sister went missing when this place came through my town .
the place was like a ghost townsomething that i was familiar with .
and that place really had a great impact on me .
i wanted to share with her all the emotions that the inexpressible atmosphere of the old place stirred up in me .
it was nt anything too difficult , involving the simple unpacking of boxes that remained after clinics move to a brand new building from the old place , taking different papers and books from them and placing them on shelves according to a specific classification type , data and so on sometimes it was even interesting i came across stuff on psychology , which i always read .
its a very cool place !
only a few people know about the club for joshuas friends , but that s the charm of this place .
why ya out wandering some place else , instead of two - stepping with all the young bucks , like ya did last year at your sixteenth birthday party within his eagle eyesight ?
i went riding around the place in my atv having some fun scaring my stallions , my mama frowns for a second time .
sometimes they had gone to places like pleasant bay on vacation , staying at expensive resorts .
i guess its pretty different to the places you would have seen in the city .
as we move deeper and deeper into the mansefor that is what this place is , comparable in size to my own home in krakelynthe feeling that this place is not a school grows stronger within me.there 's garbage everywhere , for one thing .
this place was weird .
` ` nice place , eh , pooch ? ''
` ` what 's the climate of this place ? ''
who does nt have a boring life around this place ?
the wonderfulness of parkesh is reflected in every little tree leaf and butterfly , but the place i am at is so dreary and desolate you would never guess it were part of the same place .
you were nt really going to set that place ablaze if they kept you there , were you ?
this whole place is laughable , aidan sighed as he picked up the pace , not yet sure of his intended destination .
we saw signs that said it was a place called new york .
some places only allowed elephant people in ; other places only let donkey people in .
some places only allowed elephant people in ; other places only let donkey people in .
nice of them to clean the place up for little ol me .
hey , at least it is nt like it was a couple of hundred years ago when the nostradamus keep had seekers running around all over the place .
do you know of other places with similar pieces ?
ill show you a place where tourists never venture .
they re from the same place .
areel confirmed he had been living in so many different places he had lost his accent when he spoke , but he did nt elaborate on where he was actually from .
i d love to see the place where i lived in rome .
she made up her mind , then and there , to go home and have nothing more to do with this place .
i told you something is nt right about this place .
she hated that her father , after working on the giants boundaries for sixteen years while stationed in pelmon , had suddenly felt it was okay to move his family to this forsaken place .
and not just any place .
this place is cursed she kept saying to herself over and over again .
we too have lived in places where the schools were opened for every season , but we ve also lived in a few of these remote towns which do tend to close their schools during the winter .
she did nt want to freak out , but this place was not her cup of tea .
the stone museum in the park was twenty times better than this place .
if only he had waited around for them to change fully and brought them to santino , then maybe all of this would nt be taking place .
every fieretsi has their own purpose in life , but i d bet all the chocolate in sol - acrima that most actually had nothing to do with the place .
two of us will perish in this accursed place , she managed to say .
its just that you seem to know a bit about this place .
you may have my help to burn this terrible place to ashes .
do they happen to be manufactured in this very place , by chance ?
that s another excuse for you to blow this place sky - high , i suppose .
the only thing i could make out was the sound of jefferson county police sirens blaring and the panic of kids running all over the place , not realizing that carters house was surrounded by a bob - wired fence .
thinking of painting reminded him of why he started painting in the first place , reminded him of an image that would be captured forever in his mind .
the baby is coming , and this rotten place is my mothers only hope .
i do nt want to get used to this place .
it was a pathetic place .
after all , the only thing separating heartland america in ohio from a similar place in ontario , canada , was the great lakes and a small patch of michigan .
i can not wait to be rid of this place .
lucy and i just came from there and the place is full of money .
there s a part of me that wants to escape this place , too , she admitted with a sigh .
look , i get why you do nt want to leave this place .
it is the reason i moved my family out of georgia , and to the demon isle in the first place .
i did a couple paragraphs on bigamy , and added how infidelity was still illegal in many places but was seldom enforced .
eighteen , same as most places , sixteen with parental consent , but you ai nt gon na get no ... can you get me a hearing ?
they are nt bad places , and i m sure the people are good people .
that s where we were going in the first place , with jayden and debbie james , to watch the full moon .
the maintenance in this place is going downhill .
not when an opportunity had finally arrived which would allow her to escape this place .
surely there s some way we can convince elizabeth to leave this place .
other places will want it too .
emma replied , well , if this place has more good - looking guys like justin , i wo nt mind a putting up with a few bears and bugs .
some place called touchs .
she knew she could get no kindness from this place , just as she could not from her aunt .
sylvia did not understand this place , or that blasted , cold - hearted mrs . roberts .
then for four years , after she had escaped that blasted prison of a place , she ran and hid from the town guards who had searched for her .
as she glanced around the forest she remembered how tessa had teased her earlier and said that this place is frightening .
i ' m just an orphan , a thief on the run since i escaped from an orphanage ... blasted hellish place . ''
back to a place where backbreaking labor was rewarded not with beds and food but with coin that bought not nearly enough of either .
why would this place be any different ?
in this place i am known as victor freeman , he said , but if truth be told , i have had other names before this one .
cables were going all over the place and sparks were flying .
this place was pure magic , like a fairytaleenchanted and ethereal .
i have a feeling i m going to be infamous in this place .
dear lord , let us be thankful for our safe journey today , and our arrival in this place of godliness .
this place rots right now .
relief gives way to anger as johnny considers all that took place .
i would never send lila to a place like that .
this place does that to you sometimes , she says .
i thought no one could do that in this place .
we never made friends when we went places .
now it was a foreign place out to kill her with homework and exercise .
they were more like a family to me than the place i ran from .
a place where mystical creatures really existed .
this entire time shed been thinking gray city was some uber shady place with dark alleys and rampant gun men .
of course he saw this place differently .
that place gets busted every other month .
clean this place up , triton said .
i hoped bambi was nt some kind of phony , that this time it might be different and i would nt have to be brought back to that place where i barely existed .
in places like that you can be alone because you re surrounded by people , part of the flow of life and yet only an observer .
i mean , i knew we were different in personality and looks , but we also came from such different places .
i was nt really going to miss this place .
this place was starting to really give me the creeps .
wind whipped my hair around , like a tornado had come from nowhere to pluck me from this place .
it tears me apart to think that she may have spent five days locked up among the worst of sorts , a place about which the prisoners only know rumors .
and who knows what the people who run this place can get away with down there ?
this place stinks , he said .
he really did nt mind that , but it meant that the entire place would walk more softly around him for a while .
man , someone really let this place go .
i ve heard some pretty wild stories about this place .
she did nt know if she was going to cry or scream but she had to get out of this place .
but this place was different .
was he talking about the random apparitions or the out - of - shape truck drivers that were all over the place at the night shift ?
coming to the party in the first place was starting to feel like a mistake , but if i d stayed home , i guess i d be tormenting myself with ex - boyfriends , both hannahs and my own , the supernatural , and dead bodies along the i-80 .
with your future , your old friends , and as far away from this place as you can get .
` ` yeah , this place is known for its weirdness .
most of those places are just tourist traps and not very scary . ''
` ` she was such a talented artist , '' ava recalled , ` ` i thought she 'd get her degree in art and really go places someday . ''
the shadowlands is a scary place , and i was nt much older than avli then .
the shadowlands was a cursed place and she could not see herself ever returning if she made it out alive .
tired of this place already ?
bit of a maze this place .
thousands of miles from home and to lose all your cash in a strange place would be terrifying .
that s where i d seen my mother last and associated the place with everything bad .
he was a scared teenager , just like himself , trying to survive in this place and he needed help ; help that aran could provide .
they prepped the boat and motored away from the island , leaving behind the comfort and safety of their little world and entering into the dangerous and vicious place that they once considered a comfort .
i understand what you re feeling , but we ca nt take any chances with this place .
even though aran remembered monhegan as a quaint and happy place , it looked so ominous and forbidding as it lay in the water .
what s so attractive about this place anyway ?
why would a nice city have a horrid place like this ?
maybe this place is too poor and people moved away , gilla suggested .
we are going to find our friends and get out of here alive if it means i have to tear this horrid place apart .
not a nice place , jeff commented .
she agreed with hasin , it was an understatement to call this place nice .
the sky is blue , grass is green , it looks like it will rain soon , again , this place is pretty , i she trailed off as lias face turned white .
this place is nt that big , and as i said before we have places we need to be .
in all my years here i have never heard of such a place .
he thought it was a good decision too for he was not quite prepared to leave his comfort zone , although there were times that he wanted to get out of that place and start anew .
he had no idea how it felt like to live in the slums but he was sure he did not want to be in that place either .
santi hoped tiago was safe thinking that the slums was a dangerous place .
then nuclear power plants and nuclear waste storage facilities will melt down , and it ll be like chernobyl times a hundred , with nuclear waste spreading all over the place .
i think i m sick of all the secrets in this place .
this place is so small .
in a place so big with so many people , how am i going to find sebastian ?
she suddenly seemed different , this bratty little kid that did the work around the place .
in fact there is so much talk about this place and how weird things happen there , how its best to avoid this place , planes get lost , ships get lost , and people get lost .
in fact there is so much talk about this place and how weird things happen there , how its best to avoid this place , planes get lost , ships get lost , and people get lost .
most kids in the country did nt get to even come to clubs till they were eighteen or some places even twenty - one .
but the last home they had me in , this place was far worse .
nivaton is a real place in akea , but the stories i tell my son about the people were all make - believe .
there are stories about nivaton apart from those lamare told me about that the place is filled with ghosts , and i m terrified even just hearing about them .
when i was older and was brought to the palace for the presentation of my power to the emperor , i was awed by the place .
but for now , you have to wait patiently , roam the streets of kanela , it is a wonderful place .
to him , this place must look just as peculiar .
well , that s only because of our discovery that there were nt ghosts lurking in the place .
traveling and visiting beautiful places were a few of the things i liked doing in the past that i did nt have the luxury now to even think about .
this place is so beautiful , mina said as they walked down the beach .
not one of the more well - known places in the south pacific .
since that day , the world we live in has become a very dark and dangerous place .
i really hate this place and that man just died and its just one thing after another .
is it me or is this place freaking you out ?
it used to be such a beautiful place full of life and laughter and happiness but then one afternoon many years ago an evil entered and destroyed all that was good .
this place has many names though it is usually known simply as seahaven .
malaeck hated this place .
the way tammy talked about t. west , it sounded like the worst place in the world , but it was n't nearly as bad as she made it out to be .
i think i m going to stay in the bathtub for two whole months after i get out of this place , just to get rid of the smell .
to protect my fanny from any the wandering spirits around this place especially when i m sleeping soundly inside my bed .
man , i want us to go places .
can you imagine the stairs in that place ?
who knows what s gotten all up in this place .
for years he had pined to live in a place where good was good , and evil was evil , instead of fake smiles while the death rate of refugee children climbed .
this place is a social time bomb !
parcels threatened them with orphanages , nikolas thought they were dank , evil places where nameless children spent their days working the mines and sleeping on dirt floors with the rats .
i wondered which part of america he had come from and what he was doing here in new zealand , but then it probably was nt really that strange as this place seems to be full of immigrants from around the world , so why so surprised ?
that had been a close call that day , this was a different feeling though , just like the pulse he was tracking was different , he was beginning to despise this place , his mapped out plans were coming apart at the seams as the night wore on .
that sounds like my gran , always the adventurer , i m amazed that gran is actually from this place , i wonder how old she actually is .
it was nt in my nature to be like that , this place was turning me into a monster .
he had spent a couple of days in this god - awful place with the heather that stung at his sinuses and eating mice , he was annoyed at the waste of time although he could never tell her that .
we should just lock the place up and let them starve . ''
i walked through the door and into the laughter , the brightness and warmth of the place .
i wish they would sent the students a map of the place or something like that .
this place is a great mess '' i say it as a joke , but it does n't seem to work .
a place that has nothing to do with the world we live in , or at least the world i have been trapped in for quite a long time .
` ` i love this place '' he is drunk .
obviously , this is no new york , but there is something in this city that no other place in the world has .
` ` this place is weird . ''
the most powerful diamond in the world and it was buried deep within the recesses of west virginia of all places ?
then it detailed her dreams and aspirations : the things she wanted to do in life and all the places she wanted to see .
i am going to propose something tomorrow that will bring back the magic to disneyland , something that will let people fall in love with this place all over again .
he had gone with his friend kevin and his family during the summer after fifth grade and instantly fell in love with the place .
like most kids her age , places like disneyland , los angeles , hollywood , and anaheim all meant the same thing .
a place that s quiet , dark , and bleak .
i thought you hated this place .
he gave up the real estate job and applied to his favorite place in the world : disneyland .
this place is real ?
its just that people have forgotten that they all came from the same place at one point .
a place teeming with monsters from the darkest tales of human mythology .
still , like all places , drugs and death was present but the murder rate had always remained historically very low .
for them , being a vampire was exquisite in a place like st . viktersburg .
there had always been a lack of romance and sensitivity , in the place and in its people , you only needed to see the way the locals looked at me to understand this .
it was hard , then , trying to be an artist in that desert of a place , so devoid of any cultural heritage .
sleepers hill mining and technical college was its full title , though there was n't that much mining studied there any more , not with most of the collieries closed and the industry in decline ; mainly the place was full of plasterers and bricklayers , beefy lads who thought that the art that i did was for sluts and ponces , and with the art school being at the top of the building there were three floors of such boneheads to get past before i reached the studios .
by that time in my life , eighteen years old , i was really getting to hate the place .
i wanted somewhere new , a town with an art gallery , a city with a university and some entertainment other than the cinema , a place where there were cultured people .
sure enough the old woman cited those places that were proper institutions , the universities and teacher training colleges , named those people who have gone on to such places , old school pals , friends i now disliked because they had the respect of my family .
sure enough the old woman cited those places that were proper institutions , the universities and teacher training colleges , named those people who have gone on to such places , old school pals , friends i now disliked because they had the respect of my family .
the deserted streets and the lack of bustle gave the town a rather more dignified air than usual , a reminder to me that it was the people rather than the architecture which made it such a place to hate ; in the peaceful state in which i found it , that morning , it was almost bearable .
why would you want to live away from a place like this ?
i like the place .
you re thinking i do nt belong in a scruffy place like this , you re thinking i should be in smarter places like the golf club my father goes to , or perhaps the tennis club my mother visits , or the restaurants where they both dine out a couple of times a week .
you re thinking i do nt belong in a scruffy place like this , you re thinking i should be in smarter places like the golf club my father goes to , or perhaps the tennis club my mother visits , or the restaurants where they both dine out a couple of times a week .
doreen was a primary school teacher and jack regarded her in much the same way that he regarded his home and his car , as something earned , a symbol of his exalted status ; teachers were well respected in sleepers hill , much as university professors might be in a more civilised place .
paula was insistent , she took my hand and led me into the cocktail lounge , and i could nt help but give a smug little chuckle at being back in the place in such circumstances .
it was a lot more dignified than the other places we d visited , there was a gentle hubbub of conversation , women coming and going with their escorts , some stopping for a drink in the lounge before floating through to the restaurant .
you re at art college , its a liberal place and you re not going to get expelled for what you re doing .
stephen asked me where i d like to go , a sign of how content he was , of how pleased he was to be with me , and i surprised him by choosing the crofters ; this was the place where i would like to remember him , brash and raucous , loud and over - decorated .
its all i need , i said , and we drove off without me even giving a backward glance ; i was glad to be away from the place , it was my first step into the future .
what it all boiled down to was that , despite bens great oratory , i was to be expelled or sent down or whatever it was they did in a poxy little place like sleepers hill mining and technical college ; he would not accept the kind of violence i had exhibited and said that there is no place for me in his tacky little institution .
yes , is nt anywhere better than this miserable place ?
it was a bleak desolate place and the town seemed to creep up on all sides , as if the living were so tired of their existence on sleepers hill that they were eager to sidle in beside the dead .
i tell you , teach , the place is fucking crazy .
i think its nice to have friends about the place .
there are too many bloody plagiarists in this place .
well , whatever its habits we would nt have wanted that bird about the place .
he did nt want just any long - haired pillocks smoking hash and flinging paint about the place , not unless they could justify themselves .
it was as if by prior arrangement that we found ourselves there , as if the similar sickness of disillusionment with the capital affected us all at the same time ; with the exception of those tutors such as bobby , who had already made their homes there , it was generally agreed that london was not a nice place to live .
see for yourselves that this place is nt half as bad as you think .
there always seems to be something sad about places like this , if you visit them at this time of night .
wisest thing to do is spend it before amalgamation takes place .
they re all crazy in this place , you know , ron confided in the policeman .
and if you want to leave this place with your teeth intact you d better get out now , teacher threatened , then swept his arm out to damn everyone , yelled , go on !
she had to work quietly , that was the problem , scraping away with a once stainless steel table knife and wondering what it must be like to attempt to escape from a penitentiary ; a mammoth undertaking that must be , and she vowed always to stick to the straight and narrow to avoid such places .
' that place is too seedy and he s too sweet , ' said goomer , kissing him on the cheek .
that s how she got into trouble in the first place .
the city was a miserable place without any money .
it was bus ride from home , that s all , and anyone who failed their eleven plus hated the place .
good riddance to the place , she thought , as she rounded the corner and slowed to a brisk walk .
that place is horrible !
but in the night , under a bed of stars , leena could sometimes forget that her home was an unforgiving place .
that is what this place does to people , that is what my father does .
because whylrhen is like those little boys in their stalls daydreaming of ships , thinking the world is a far more magical place than it truly is .
the isles did not seem like a very forgiving place , though now , growing in her eyes , sparkling like the gems on rhen 's clothes , she did not see why a place so beautiful should be anything but good .
the isles did not seem like a very forgiving place , though now , growing in her eyes , sparkling like the gems on rhen 's clothes , she did not see why a place so beautiful should be anything but good .
i went with her a few times just to kind of keep an eye on her and make sure she was okay in such a skeezy place , but then she asked me not to come with her anymore .
fato , this time we will get a small chance to relax if this place is truly as lazy as its name !
king womba threw up his hands and bellowed , i ca nt make heads or tails about the information that s coming in from all over the place , but it seems like the whole kingdom is being destroyed !
even though gnat wished to sell the mansion , as he could nt live in this place he associated with junas death , he still knew that it would be the best headquarters until this war was over .
monika left us and wandered about the world for years before she married an outlander , from arria of all places !
a place where people like baron jarbarr and lord pavga could thrive , a place where lies and threats were quite common as people struggled to earn enough money to survive .
a place where people like baron jarbarr and lord pavga could thrive , a place where lies and threats were quite common as people struggled to earn enough money to survive .
this place is nt what it used to be .
he never imagined he d ever be in this miserable place .
she worried that dario must be feeling lost in this dismal place that reeked of cheap pine - sol and dirty mop .
man , this place is awful .
in this place , he d learned overnight that you did what you were told .
it obviously could n't be any of those places , since none of them fit with the personality of norman or his mom .
` ` one of the advantages of being poor and having no dad is getting to live in places like this ! ''
and the real person for every one of them is currently dreaming all that is now taking place .
` ` go away from this place !
i m going to go straight home so i can clean up the place .
how on earth can this place be castoria , she wondered .
i yelled , but my voice was drowned by the gunshots , ringing all over the place .
come , if you want to fill your empty stomach and never live in this miserable place again .
this place is much worse than home .
maybe someday i might thank her for saving us , even though she had tried to kidnap me in the first place .
there s a reason why i can do the things that i can do , and maybe this place has something to do with it .
` ` it is a terrible place , '' stave agreed , ` ` but allan and i survived it before .
it is weird to me that places like walmart and mcdonalds look the same here as they do back home .
i bet a place like new york city would probably feel more foreign to you than most places in canada .
i bet a place like new york city would probably feel more foreign to you than most places in canada .
ya i am answering an email from my friend suzanne , sounds like nothing new happening back home , its a pretty boring place .
lets all leave this place together .
this place is weird , newton lisped .
i do nt think i can take another day in this god - forsaken place .
soldiersmercenarieswhy ai nt any of em crawling all over the place ?
i can understand everything about him , from why he went into the ministry in the first place to all the fears and hopes that drive him .
dragons , shadows , wizards and bumbling balls of fur were only part of the magic of this place .
was he ever going to escape this place ?
he passed dr eckner 's dentistry , from which he could hear cries of pain wafting through the door along with the usual unpleasant odour that these places typically had .
it was winter , and if this place was similar to home , it was n't the easiest time of year to find food .
i know you re itching to leave this place and find the men who killed your parents .
the difference is that she s probably had to endure this place for weeks .
when we do , well both be survivors and we can make magdiel a better place .
i listen to their hopes for after the wartheir ideas for making magdiel a better place .
can we move to a nice place like koorskis , ginnita ?
what s with the generic words in this place ?
man , this place needs a king !
the place was not nearly as big as milwaukee you could see most of that city from the overpass as you drove downtown but its splendor and its silent eruptions of crystal - light far outstripped the glory of any earthly city justin had ever seen .
first leslie had told me not to go to the solstice party , now my mom had told me the same thing , and heaven only knows how she found out about it in the first place .
this whole place .
rumors floating around this place .
ben said this place was bigger than manhattan .
this place is getting worse by the minute .
lots of places in fact .
just try to make everything you do , like hang out with friends and stuff , have a little taste of this place so you can adjust yourself here .
i like the place and return to that amusing place daily , even if as a silent observer .
she was a girl and there were a bunch of bastards in that place .
he d been shouting and shouting all over the place .
this place was like a ghost town , and no ones here except for us .
i m getting more and more uncomfortable around this place .
i fear that sounds a little disloyal , coming from a malornian queen , but i like to see new places .
it was kinda fun seein all those places , but i like the city better .
my kind of queer vaginal experiment must be what led to the discovery of tampons in the first place .
god knows that anyone in my shoes could have done the same , only that after my alter ego had driven me into swallowing some pills ; she vanished and left the real i wondering what had just taken place .
not a day passes before i try to come up with an explanation why mama has had to stick with him all this while , or why she got together with him in the first place .
i have taken a peep on the other side a number of times before , and being on the border proved to me how lovely that place is .
it is a beautiful place , and its a shame that these kinds of things have to take place here .
it 's my third day at work and i ' m doing the usual rounds to get acquainted with how things run in this place as i become familiar with the environment , my colleagues and the kids .
there was something about this place that just did nt add up .
albert einstein told us that , the most important question facing humanity is , is the universe a friendly place ?
this place is a freak show .
this place gets to you after a while .
i admired the tranquil panorama and realized how lucky i was to grow up in such a marvelous place .
i mean you and your family are always traveling to new and exotic places .
well , he was recruited by a department in a place called ashland .
my mom kept her word about all the places we would visit .
well , i cleaned the place up .
i was leaving beautiful sunny california yet again and flying back to the greenest place i had ever seen .
shrouded in near darkness , i looked about the castle and marveled at the gothic architecture , shivering in response to the desolate evil of the place .
you are going places if you stick around .
she continued to watch him , and when he could nt stand the silence any longer , he broke it , bursting out , you do nt know anything about that place !
its a great place .
jake felt tears start in his eyes and thought frantically , what is it with this place ?
i ' ve never been to the place myself but the stories i ' ve heard come from it are less than cozy . ''
he turned , looked me up and down and asked , ` ` what did they explain to you about this place ? ''
they treated this place like a school .
in some places where droughts were common there was usually an increase in aquakinetics .
it was odd to feel so scared in a place where i d spent so much of my life .
stumbling around campus drunk was an accepted practice at a lot of places .
i had a million questions tumbling through my mind , and this was the moment when i could ask her all the questions i d wished i could ask her since she died , like how could she marry that jerk in the first place , and worse , how could she leave me with him when she died .
instead , i sip tepid apple juice while i wait for test results in the boring place that 's become my temporary home .
besides , it 'll give me some time to tend to aggie and some of the other animals round the place .
make us forget we come from a place full of love ?
` ` my mom told me it was a place named county hospital .
the place i hate the most in the world ?
` ` i hate that place , '' i mutter under my breath .
lots of conspiracy stories about that ' ole place .
he said he 'd never go back to that place .
` ` because this place has power , and me and my gang want it . ''
what is a place like.this ?
a place a man should nt work in .
and no i do nt know how she got the job in the first place , but management must have been pretty desperate at the time .
they may be pompous jerks , but they understand how to run this place .
this place creeps me out .
we want to save this place !
lets see what this place has to offer , she said cheerfully .
i do nt want anything to do with that place !
he brought that monster to our doorstep in the first place when we would have never , ever , ordered such a thing to happen .
if you think that place was helping us , then by all means , use my seals to rebuild .
this place has changed tenfold , '' i said looking around at the paved promenade with its bars , restaurants , and stores bursting with patrons on each side .
frankly , it could have been any of the millions of acres of verdant jungle across the equatorial belt which surrounded the globe but , knowing their fathers fondness for accuracy , the boys assumed they were looking at footage of suriname wherever that may be ; neither had heard of such a place .
these places are the last wildernesses on earth .
as you may be aware and are about to find out the sipaliwini district is one of the most remote places on the planet .
the smell of the place had begun to give him a headache there were noxious fumes from industrial solvents , the brackish odour of rank water moving sluggishly under the thin rainbows of oil slick that occur in any working harbour , and the cloying stench of fish too long out of the sea .
at first she had thought the place where her aunt lived was strange , so far away and solitary , but now she understood perfectly how someone could fall in love with that land .
that place had always unnerved her .
it 's such a dreary place ...
this place was darker than the sea , and that was dark enough as it was .
yeah , i m really starting to hate this place ... * they d made good headway , having left the house hours ago .
i remembered thinking the man was brave coming into the place with all those women ... can you remember what he looked like sharon ?
deyna , there is a ship in this place , it wo nt be for nothing .
everything means something in these places , stephen told her .
and now you re even letting humans live here , my goodness can this place go downhill any more than that ?
this place has more secrets he slipped off the edge and hurtled down past all the floors .
the two kids hiked all over the place that day .
rides sat in disrepair all over the place .
he wanted to get away , he did nt want to relieve this place .
he talks about places i ve never heard about .
he thinks these places are subversive .
and when i return ill bring down this evil place .
were from a place called eden , i say .
we nodded in agreement as we drove down the highway leaving the nations capital to a place that we knew would be everything but what we had been use to our whole lives .
it was completely different than what i was thinking which were farmers and native americans all over the place but still felt like a tornado could come at any moment based on the signs the overcast in the sky .
as we crossed the arizona border we saw how different this place was .
this place is hot !
but with all the terrorist out there causing all these problems with the government , it is probably best to be in a place like phoenix .
in the midst of all the in depth concentration we all went somewhere else in our mediation that was not of the place we called home .
we civilized this place that was barren with no culture .
none of the kids who end up in a place like this have had an easy life .
n - nobody ever get out of this place alive .
said it was the strangest thing they d ever seen , staggering about all over the place with steam pouring out of its trouser legs .
everythings going crazy , there s technicians , guards , you name it running about all over the place , said broodangle breathlessly .
this place really is something , she said , collapsing onto the dais in the corner .
chapter fifteen back on the surface cassandra had been into the city many times on school trips and with friends or her parents , but she had never seen the place so utterly deserted .
almost worthy of our own workers in places .
as i walk down the hallway , i ca nt help thinking about how beautiful this place is .
this place just seems different .
that s why it was hidden away in the first place .
this place is on a whole different level than my high school back home .
i have come to think of this place as home , and i have friends here .
this place is a zoo !
this place is like a fort , but how secure is his school ?
you re going up there to change the culture of that place !
and it is my hope that many more will waltz into this garden and experience the miracles that happen in this place .
we fucked up because red flags were all over the place and we missed them .
audrey and sheryl were now big time around the way , and they knew people all over the place : drug dealers , gun dealers , gangs , we never had a problem liquidating our take .
we found a great spot to watch the place from the roof of the adjoining building .
i needed him to think that i was just a dumb kid , scared shitless about a beat down and not let his mind wander too far into why i ran in the first place .
this is just the way of it , i took no offense then , with jay , and i take no offense now , in the place i have called home , or hell , for the past four decades .
i heard running footsteps and screaming all over the place .
that poodle and i were guilty , but guilty because we did nt understand societys rules , that we lived in our own society , a sub - culture boxed in by the greater society ; a place where law is dismissed for status and the rules are simple get ahead by any means .
also , the kid that sat directly behind me that i imagined would someday bring a gun to school and start blazing the place .
dumbfounded , flabbergasted , i could n't believe what had just taken place .
i looked up at the doorframe , most doors have a bell that greets a guest when entering ; this place had a scream box .
that place is crazy with a k. '' she laughed in response , ` ` you think ? ''
i tried to digest what had just taken place .
boot hill may have been almost completely caucasian , except for a few oriental faces like fluky , but the big city was a far more cosmopolitan place .
america , however , remained a tightly segregated place .
like a place out of a dream .
both parties profit , or the transaction would never have taken place .
why would anyone ever wanta leave this place ?
it was a scary place then , but she learned to navigate her way to medical websites , subscribed to bulletin boards on cancer research , and set herself up to receive alerts on clinical trials .
protector that she naturally was , however , she worked hard that night to keep nwanyi laughing and brushed away any return to sadness with reminders of how cell phones and computers had made the country , indeed the world , a much smaller place .
` ` it is not like other places you have been . ''
how does one find help in such a quiet , pretty place ? ''
she was enjoying her job and had always liked knowing more about the places she was working .
like being one of the folks in the telepathy experiments that had been conducted at places like at duke and smu .
in that first week , the media were all over the place as well , and those people go through liquor like they need it to live .
explain to me again why you wanted to take a look at this place ?
seville is a stunning place , if one goes by architecture and the geography , with two rivers winding languidly through its midst .
my brothers , if the latter is true , why have we left our mothers and our fathers and our friends and beloveds , to come to this lonely place ?
missionaries came from far away , a place called rome , and told the people of a god above heaven and earth , to whom all below is as dust and ashes .
if i had not seen the goatherd , i would think i was truly mad now , seeking avalon in this lonely place , he thought often as he wandered the shore or picked mussels and seaweed off the spray - drenched rocks to cook in the fire at the cave - mouth .
of course , after accepting his robe and the keys to his chambers on the fifteenth floor of the mccormack post office and courthouse building in downtown boston , he would brighten the place up a little .
well , the place has nt been the same since you left .
in the first place , after exhausting the funds , which jayson assumed would take no short amount of time , she would surely be back for more .
yeah you re probably right , but the only reason she let me stay there in the first place was to make my mom look stupid .
well , whatever you do , do nt tell michael about it , he d be cleaning the fucking place out tomorrow .
this place is fucked up .
she said there were police all over the place and she even saw the coroners van .
the supers of these buildings did nt give a damn , so the whole place stunk to high hell .
any place less populated and someone might remember him .
two more hours and the place would be a madhouse .
he had friends in those places that could help him get back to the states .
` ` serving his sentence in a place called black dolphin , '' brandon said .
having grown up here , i was familiar with both places .
there was one reason patrick could think of for having been taken to this place .
this place scares him , patrick thought .
i m sick of that place , anyway .
listen , jerkoff , justine replied in a soft yet edgy voice , you have nt put in the kind of time in these places that i have .
bad influences in this place ?
but it was nt the kind of thing you could ve keep going outside of this place .
it was time to lighten the mood and get the hell out of this place .
we will get the last of what we need and then leave this place forever .
this place runs like a western town , right ?
i will keep it , in the bowels of this place .
got serious deadlines all over the place .
the fact that were even having this conversation in the first place is a serious fucking breach of the security of this whole operation , do nt you understand ?
he had this place under control .
we had become quite a trendy place over the years , especially with the 20 year olds .
its been a long while since i spent a full morning away from the place .
even though it was years after it had all finished , stories of pol pot and the killing fields , were all anybody knew about the place .
but this place is clearly getting to me .
with daniel still in her thoughts she wondered if she could somehow find him , deciding to go to where she had found the millions of lights she had went to the previous time she was here selah let herself go and flew straight up in the air , this place was awesomeit had gravity when you needed it but if you did nt , well she was flying , she felt free .
she wondered , and why was mrs . bradshaw so brightmaybe she did nt understand how this place worked , she was confused .
caleb laughed a huge deep throaty roar , well ill take that as a compliment that you thought of me in your dreams , but this place is real darlingand i think you should understand a bit more what you re dealing with , would nt want you hurting that pretty little noggin of yours .
nice is nt a word asa would ordinarily settle for but , about then i decided to bring the tension in the place down a notch .
for the first time in my life , i shared the sensation that asael had long harboured that sugar town was a haunted place .
* * * we hustled out of the hospital and asael turned immediately toward amaltheas place .
i expect the numbers are what ill most remember about this place .
but the guts of the place stay the same .
the point is that all the mayors ever wanted is for sugar town to be the proud , friendly little place its meant to be !
why does it have to be so hard and the next two weeks are just gon na be harder , back in this fucking place again .
he s just starting out , i think were gon na see amazing things from him once he grows into this place , guys .
the place was quieter than usual the ominous quiet of tension , which you could feel .
` ` yeah , and adultery is too in some places , though not in kentucky .
coming down for lunch at 2 , he dug out a sheet of his sketching paper and began a map of the place , which he took back up with him after quaffing two glasses of mrs . franklins fine cabernet , and gobbling an apple and a baguette with fromage .
she had heard of such places in passing , but not in any detail .
but that place is awesome is nt it ?
the building was a massive model of the infinitesimally minute layering of calcium that served as home to the king snail , one of the little ironies that its inhabitants found so endearing about the place .
they passed the academy , the place that was home such a short time ago .
kira was only too happy to leave the horrible place and to go away with her brother .
vadim had only seen places like this in films about life abroad .
its a respectable place , it has the best reputation on the coast , and now look !
his trousers though , were not very fresh and a little too warm for a place like sochi , but these were the only trousers he had , so there was not much choice .
then after another moment of thought , he adds , but honestly , there are some songs that i can not imagine come from that place .
perhaps , then , if they did nt want to move , would they take a vacation to a far - off place ?
og is a wild place !
why a twenty - three year old with a princeton education would want to work in that place for 40k when he could have been at an investment bank making 125k was beyond me .
everything about the place reminded me why i had gone to europe for ten years , and after that wonderful weekend i felt like going back .
look , i have been here for more than six months and there are some real problems with this place , forget the culture , i mean about the business .
the place is evil and i just do nt fit in there .
we had dinner on the upper west side and she said she wanted to live there , a place that had no attraction for me whatsoever .
its a horrible place , i wish i had never stepped foot in it .
well , i ve heard about one very prominent bank that s using remote viewers , people who can see things in other places or in the future , with some success .
i began to wonder what had dragged me to such a cold and heartless place like new york .
the mostly japanese cars with the steering on the right were constantly swerving to miss potholes and the strangeness of the place added to the feeling that kamchatka was the product of some dystopia .
he radiated power and it brought back memories of new york and i realized , in spite of being poor and full of dirt , how truly happy i was to be out of that place .
we are trying to get them to invest their extra money in some companies that appear to be going places .
the next day i got up and went to school as usual , i left smokey some food out and told him to watch the place while i was gone .
i buried smokey under his favorite tree so he could have shade in the summer and be able to watch the place year round .
maybe it had been a good time to get out of that place .
she knew that she needed to find another job here in edinburgh quickly or she would have no choice but to return back to london and all of the current raw feelings that the place provoked in her .
her initial impression was that bangkok was going to be a really confusing place .
wil changing their turkish lira for tokens and waiting with a host of turkish people for the next tram to some place with a name he could nt pronounce or remember .
wil and his small group , included a specialist doctor from brisbane of all places , he was middle aged and greying , joining the tour as an aside to a conference he was attending in ankara .
and people are beginning to understand its more healthy and harmonious to live within a place where its yin and yang are in harmony with each other .
parting of the ways they did arrive home after a couple of days in seoul , south korea , spending some time in the city , a modern and bustling place , with people on their way in life to better themselves .
or does he go south into new south wales and places he had driven through on their trips along the pacific highway to sydney ?
maybe you have already found the spirit of the place back there beside those trenches at gallipoli .
and those places again , let 's see .
a place of tranquillity and charm exuded by the french colonial facades of buildings , especially those facing its main street or located alongside the street facing the mekong river .
wil followed this advice , not by choice or his own fruition , but through some bloke and his companion in woopy who wrote down for wil ten or so travelling tips , and wil liked their honesty and friendliness and things they said about the many places they had visited .
visiting these two places was on the list wil made before leaving australia .
maybe it was a stupid list and took away other reasons to visit such places .
the anguish of the place confusing wil , and he thought , are there places with their spirits or is that just crap ?
he so wanted to receive those spirits , but thinking maybe it was the gold and white paint that may have been manufactured in china that took the spiritual empathy of that place away .
it was great to be back in australia , the lucky country and probably not appreciated by many australians until they travel into places not so well off .
maybe , although pai like many places in s e asia attract people from other countries , and for some become their homes .
by that time i had lost hope of discovering anything real concerning those matters which made me join the forest school in the first place .
in many places they already can .
no , instead she ran to dornan , begging for money for her meth habit , always begging for money , and even when i supposedly died at his hands , she still did nt leave this godforsaken place .
unfortunately , people who lived in interesting places like memphis or nashville seemed to know how to mail in their forms , and the people she had to track down personally all seemed to live in wide spots in the road like this one .
this place looks worse than ever , poncey sniffed during a visit .
that place is going to be a mess for awhile and no telling how many been killed .
well , you got ta wonder what was goin on in a place like that , for somethin so terrible to happen to em .
she was finishing her sophomore year in high school , and she did nt want to have anything to do with the place right now .
it was supposed to be a beautiful place , and what could possibly be safer than a high school that was actually named the lord peartree international academy for exceptional students .
she intended to escape this place as quickly as possible without becoming hiv - positive or pregnant , without a drug addiction and without permanent physical scars .
but there is arguably no place harder to get to than the purposefully isolated mountain nation of bhutan .
political correctness had taken over in places like portland and seattle .
this same experience was expressed by other border states , as refugees from places like chicago and detroit attempted to flee .
it took a while to get those places under control , ed said .
a place more civilized .
and places like texas and florida were winning the race for voters by having policies that people supported more than new york .
i ve seen to it we have the run of the place .
and they got the word toilet all over the place !
this place scares me .
and we have always needed a better tech head in the ceos place .
this is a really nice place .
yes , my late husband was born and raised in florence , but he used to tell me stories about some places called middleburg and sars springs , specifically .
there are cops all over the place .
have you heard all the stuff about that place ?
would nt like you to live with nar for your whole life far from this damned place ?
when she s done and he s done , she goes into dr . luces office , sits at the table in the centre of the room across from her , and spends the next while answering language and math questions , solving puzzles , being timed , and being given what seem like awfully short time limits , unlike that vocational place .
they are all very different and came from many different places .
there are different names for the same places .
boring is good for me now , because it is difficult to meditate in a place of wonderful beauty like my fathers land .
this is warning if authorities come this place .
it certainly is more enjoyable than most places we go .
about the only places i know in europe are the places i went to with leyna .
do they give you any attention at that place ?
you have a history with this place ?
radiation would ve been blown all over the place , you know that .
i have never told anyone what really took place that night .
the place seemed to be awash with maritime heritage and references , as well as being the base for the meridian upon which all world time was measured .
josh , just take your normal route back , walking at a steady pace , and ill hurry ahead , taking a short cut through ashburnham place .
to be honest , people think that we can get an address from a phones location , and sometimes that s possible in a rural area , but in a place the size of london the best we can do is narrow it down to a diameter of two or three hundred yards .
i did nt particularly like rory and i do nt like this place and i ve even got some doubts about you , but i could have treated him with a bit more respect .
returning from waverley , i felt i was coming back to a place that was firmly planted the metal and steel that underpinned crewes life as a centre for the railway and for the production of rolls - royce cars gave it a ballast that waverley , floating free on a tide of new money , simply could nt match .
a place like that can really screw up your view of the world .
there were cvs flying about all over the place .
what made a man like him , with that strength of character , join up in the first place ?
i stared at her body and felt as though something had come full circle i d watched the trajectory of someones life turn towards me , keep glittering contact for a while , then arc away once more , only to return and end its flight in this dank and squalid place , in a vehicle built less than a mile from where i lived .
* * * * * mitch thought how strange it was to be starting his career in a place like safe haven bay .
i did nt stop at the station because the media is all over the place .
i d love to see the place .
maybe someday we will both find someone new and the place will be filthy with snot nosed kids jumpin in the water and generally making a nuisance of themselves .
she could nt quite grasp why children cried over toys and other such meaningless objects , or why their parents ever bought them such meaningless things in the first place .
the place has nt been the same without you .
only you two and his servant jimand later sandie pendletoncan witness what will now take place .
she had visited england , and thought no place more intensely green , but these fields and woods now rivaled it .
then the change can take place .
darryl drifted , remembering what had taken place .
he had spent most of the day with sheriff wilcox , listening to him bellow at everyone over the radio as they drove all over the place looking for some girl .
obviously , in any work of fiction , it is necessary to have fictional locations but , where this has been done , the fictional locations are situated in real places .
it was a foul place , and it was meant to be that way .
chapter 12 sydney was unlike any place el rey had ever been .
as they watched the cars go by and the kids playing on the square , both mother and daughter felt happy to be relaxed in a place that was safe and relatively unspoiled .
hopelessness made him to leave the place in search of better life other than fishing , the only thing that the village could offer to him .
they came from all over the place .
savage hope you locked this place up good , '' dom said .
they were so exciting , going to far off places .
if someone collected on nat 's life insurance , plus the insurance on the cash , and had stolen the cash in the first place ... it comes out to a pretty good sum .
from somewhere above , the old civil war song , lorena , wafted softly down into the wine cellar of a place called owl 's head .
this place sucks .
this place is paranormal central !
the town folks did nt want bodies floating all over the place after a storm .
if it were nt for the chilly winds and whirling dust and sand , i might like this place .
i never thought i d say that about this old place .
and besides i m not going back there , that place scared the heck out of me .
we are the only diaboos in the place .
i hope you re gon na like this place , said minton , as they took off .
it would do me good to have you around the place .
there were n't many places like kopufano left in cyprus these days .
davros spoke very little english , but his wife , athena , had attended university in cambridge many years ago , and still had a love of the place and of the english people .
in texas or louisiana we have the ridiculous situation where gun deaths now exceed automobile fatalities , yet in places like vermont with low guns per capita , we find low murder rates to suit .
it 's a thursday , and they want to get out of this place , to be anywhere but here .
its a pretty big place , according to him , '' erick says .
it 's crazy how this place can get to people in a way .
and considering the places we ve been and the things we ve done , i think its high time you stop playing big brother .
so , juarez was familiar enough with portland to know out - of - the - way ethnic places on the wrong side of the tracks .
people die in these kinds of places .
i think it would be best if you took zion from this place .
` ` well , he does n't run the place . ''
the fact that they were going to have to spend a little money fixing the place up did n't bother them in the least . ''
it was a place of wonder , of excitement , a place of spicy smells and sounds , a place of beggars and pavement vendors .. certainly not hereford .
if people are likely to come in from all over the place it should last more than a couple of days .
he s got tons of contacts all over the place and will probably go places we ca nt .
this , tony assumed , would be due to the security forces clamping a lid on any and all information , d notices flying around all over the place , that throwback to the last war that prohibits publishing information that might threaten national security .
her world seemed grimy compared to this place , a world of crime , a world that often seemed ugly by comparison .
this place was like an island.a refugea cave almost .
dinna kid yoursel , muttered robbie , place is like a bloody fortress .
i knew this because everything was a different element color , and only a place like this could make the dull colors like brown and gray look beautiful .
in a nutshell , mr short , you are an aggressive , secretive , criminally minded player who seems to be going places .
many places .
when i heard what had happened here i stormed the place by myself , just a pistol .
but , ivan was dead set on getting as far away from this place as possible .
nobody else would believe ivan about what took place that night in the graveyard on his way home .
this place is a bit crowded , do nt you think ?
he had somehow never expected to experience it in london , of all places .
i liked kosovo and its people far more than i had any of the other places in which i d lived and worked .
i d been part of operations in other places that involved suborning hotel employees and knew the relative value of the security offered by the grand .
i took the cab at the back of the line , something you ca nt do in many places , and asked the driver to head for germia park .
i d never learned the name of this place or even if it had a name as it was a sort of spill over from the larger city .
fortunately there s been a lot of water under some burning bridges since then and i d learned that the world was a strange place , often evil and full of people who lie and twist the truth for their own benefit .
downtown pristina was still in full swing , the place seemed to come alive at night , and the crowded streets and noisy bars and cafs let me blend into the crowd .
they were the typical international press one finds in places like kosovo , superficially knowledgeable , well educated in theories , articulate and extremely opinionated about things outside their personal experience .
no expense was spared on this school for rich kids , and monson was already tired of the place .
casey chatted up a storm , telling artorius about his summer , the places he had visited , the girls he had met , and a bundle of other things , all of which sounded exaggerated .
monson wondered , since it was pretty obvious that he found this place distasteful .
so much had happened to him in the last few months , and now he once again found himself in a strange place with strange people .
` ` what a sad little place , '' lavina commented .
i thought you had coined a condemning term for such places .
last night i was guest to my dear friend rossis , the bailiff of this town , only to wake up to find you pillaging the place this morning !
a place soaked in history and that was what urged the writer in him onward .
carlos father did nt tell him why they were moving , or even why they lived in south dakota in the first place , but carlos had never asked .
the boss of the place told me not to say anything over the radio .
it seemed to murmur to him of other places and other peoples .
he d been in the congo and could never forget the savage horror of that place .
what s not to like about this place ?
he felt the fog lift a bit as he thought of the place with its perfectly polished floors and marble .
the whole place was maybe a couple miles wide and boasted a population of three or four thousand .
the place always smelled of leather and polish .
just make sure you do right by my daughter when you get free of this fucking place .
and you only used to go to those places because you did the clever things , the things other people could nt do .
stratford council occupied an old - world grand building on the south side of the one - way system , opposite the glassy new station , boasting quick trains to st pancras and the gare du nord , both of which seemed a million miles away from this concrete dickwad of a place .
and have you ever been to a place called forty hill ?
it was nt just the poor places that were nasty .
i know this because the place stinks and they have nt got a satellite tv .
the term contains two echoes of other places and different times : first , it echoes those ancient universities in which professors are led to their chairs in a senate house ; second , it recalls even more ancient rome , where augury entailed reading animal entrails and initiating a course of action on the basis of what these gizzards had to say .
first vietnam and other places in southeast asia in and out of rice paddies , then got my engineering degree on the navys dollar .
you ve got people running all over the place here .
if you were nt so obsessed with your crazy old ladies , you might remember that this place made you famous .
anything to make this place less perfect .
believe me , you do nt want to get mixed up with a place like that .
when papa and dr . hobson got there the place looked like a slaughterhouse blood everywhere the patients blood , of course , and all over west too .
godforsaken little places , all of them .
hiram west cheerfully voiced opinions to the effect that the catalogue was a great thing , the library was great , and miskatonic u. was a great place .
my question sounded casual , but i was certain that he would be keen to get away from the place where his talents were undervalued .
despite her modern ideas , it is not easy in a place like arkham to dissociate oneself from family scandals , especially for women .
it was a strange place , but with a pleasant strangeness , a world unto itself that cared nothing for things outside , neither town nor country , human or inhuman .
i have a different tent - mate here , not chosen by me , you may be sure a fellow from some outlandish place called saskatchewan ( i had to ask him the spelling ) , but very english for all that .
boulogne itself is kind of a dull little place , but the countryside beyond is pretty , with its villages and fields .
for death is nothing but a kind of dissolution which takes place when the body dies .
but no one wants to hear about peter west from some place called manitoba , and everyone wants me to tell them for the fiftieth time about eleonora desanges .
chapter 2 during the friday night into saturday morning shift the bricewell police station in bristol city centre was always more active than at any other time of the week , except for those saturday afternoons during the football season when bristol city were playing cardiff and the whole place became a war zone .
he took to it like a duck to water and after some bloody battles and good hidings he finally worked his way up to become a part of the ruling strata of the place , one of the acknowledged hard men .
no - one knows or suspects a thing , there is nothing that ca nt be achieved in this place and yet it seems i m the only one who knows ?
this place is going crazy ?
peta knew the world to be a complex , fascinating place but this ?
eventually he set off down the street as fast as he could walk , knowing what this place could do to him as well as her and knowing how much danger they could both be in .
funny how easily he and maxi had slipped into married life , how perfectly normal having a child had been , how natural it felt to have a standard job in a nondescript town on earth , a place where he belonged .
shed grown up in watford , so she knew the place , though shed preferred to spend her time in whippendell wood more spacious , wilder , better suited to teenage moods and er activities .
he s talking about this place , stupid , said marcie .
what if this place really is nt a resort ?
the crowd had thinned and was relatively calmer , but hundreds of emergency workers , the less seriously injured and police were still streaming all over the place , and they were nt going anywhere for a while .
he loved the place and so did she .
plus there ai nt that many people in this place ; not even after valentines .
no matter where he went around the world he always felt that there was no place as beautiful as the american southeast .
not to mention your little stunt breaking up the prostitution ring which brought the fbi to santa fe in the first place .
am i not good enough for this place ? ''
of course , they were nt using the same names in both places .
belongs to one of those places inlawhere they rentjunkers , you know .
how could he escape this place ?
maybe he d have recognized the place too if he went to the dentist more frequently than once a decade .
you have to leave this place to truly be free .
there s something foreboding about this place .
i like that place , says kathy without taking her eyes off of her work .
maybe this is what will send this place into frenzy .
do nt you realize the moral , political and economic crisis this place is going through ?
this place is a lot bigger than you .
but trust me there s a lot more things in this place to worry about than me lighting a piece of paper on fire .
the only thing that is insane is this place .
you might think you know how bad this place is , but you do nt know these people .
first thing you do when you come to a place you have nt been before is to make nice with the baddest guy around , right ?
she was going to expose what a fucked up place it is .
the place was only taking white babies to boost their numbers , and you think that second article was going to show that maybe they were getting government money .
they own property all over the place , and they own banks and run charities and god knows what else .
even if we clean this place up , you think phil and his wife are nt going to notice that smell ?
you set off every alarm in the place , what d you do climb the fence ?
i ve heard that jail is nt a nice place , so if i were you i d be talking right now .
i kinda got used to the place .
the world is a fucked up place , and believe me , this bitch would kill you if she could .
a place called trw .
the only way to avoid getting hurt is to never fall in love in the first place .
wow , news travels fast around this place .
jay , you have no idea what its like back here , the place looks like a disaster zone .
i m sorry , i hate to be one of those co - workers who complain all the time , but when i m gone , i wo nt miss this place , believe me .
no , that s okay , i think i could get used to this place .
my dad , she thought , what made him leave his little girl to visit godforsaken places ?
she turned to david and said , can you believe this place ?
she worked for a place called second looks , inc . and the optometrist there was a good friend of hers .
this place looks like it has security alarms everywhere , said the female human .
apparently , you have no idea how boring it could get in this place .
actually i really like this place .
even without you the whole action would have taken place .
well now i feel a lot better , pieter replied , so what is going on with this place ?
the rumour goes he was a mercenary in somalia for a period of time and that is why he knows this place so well .
so much for solidarity in this place , pieter thought .
why , this place is normally only full of old schlingels .
this place is about to come down on our heads !
he swam or fell through the interstellar light show , and his hand itched , but in this place no product existed but the gifts of stars .
she says it is a nice place .
you are mistaken about this place and us .
now they have guards all over the place .
he hired all of his old buddies from the last place he worked , tripled their salaries and gave them stock options .
he had been a wizard at a bay street investment bank and actually brought some sanity to the place .
the service in this place is going downhill .
after all my years of blood and sweat for this fucking place , i thought angrily .
this place is much too mainstream for the judge .
you ca nt see it now , but he holds the standard in this place .
maybe this place will make you feel differently .
i think this place is a .
you might think that the home inspector should have turned up the skeletal remains as he went over the place with a fine - toothed comb , but they were so well hidden , there was no way sid lowame could have uncovered them .
then again , it really was a cute place .
she told me to tell you she s looking forward to seeing the place .
author blog : http : //sarabartonmysteries.blogspot.com author twitter : @ bartonmysteries author fb fan page : sarabartonmysteries author email : sarabartonmysteries @ gmail.com enjoy other sara m. barton characters : deputy gabby grimm in the gabby grimm fairy tale mysteries fbi agent henry hartman and wife / artist sydney stansfield in the off - the - books mysteries cia officer ben and wife bea in the bards bed & breakfast mysteries scarlet wilson in the scarlet wilson mysteries other dance with danger mysteries by sara m. barton : bossa nova with a belligerent bear foxtrot with a furtive fox mambo with a maniacal mako paso doble with a passionate python no hiding behind the potted palms killer cotillion ( amazon exclusive ) casanova killer an sscd crime thriller by tallulah grace copyright 2012 tallulah grace smashwords edition the names , places and events contained within this book are fictional .
as he walked in the woods outside of grand marais , minnesota - a place where he had lived and worked for the last 15 years - sovant was hearing only the wind in the treetops and the crunch of the ice beneath his boot - heels .
if one had been hit with a poisoned bullet one 's inflamed imagination one might think the place was full of beautiful women and peasant wenches , along with rustic louts and perhaps some brigands and barbarians with leonine manes ; elegant women in cashmere and taffeta , glamour girls and rich sophisticated youths .
von hellemann was saying he was n't bored with the place just yet as they walked along the marble shores of the lake .
the boss would understand why some of his bodyguards would want to get their kids away for a day or two from a place where murders and attempted murders were happening ever more frequently .
this was his country , the place he loved and he was nt going to let a radical muslim born american or some other radical foreign terrorist organization destroy or kill any more americans .
this was a place he had always heard about and seen on television and now he was going to see it in person .
they wanted the muslim terrorist out of america and doug felt like the snowball effect was starting to take place in america .
the boys were excited to be getting ten thousand dollars for doing something they wanted to do to the muslim terrorist camp in the first place .
maybe they just did n't want some american partisan poking about the place anymore . ''
no gaijin can ever entirely belong to their seamless culture for one simple reason : no outsider could ever be held accountable to the powerful social and family interdependencies that allow a population half that of the u.s . to get along in a place functionally smaller than california .
this place is driving me nuts .
` ` matt , you 're really shaking this place up , you know .
` ` that old standby delaware should do fine , though you might want to consider going for some offshore tax - haven places , if only because the paperwork is minimal .
burn this place down .
used the dni mainframe , funneled orders through accounts everywhere , dummy accounts in banks all over the place ?
we got these numbered brokerage accounts all over the place .
but what if she was from one of those places ?
he was bored with the place now , its ancient horrors and its modern ones .
i used to be part of this place .
` ` this place is the least of your worries , michael . ''
he had not gone to the trouble of burying cables all around the place with magnetic anomaly detectors .
if anybody has started any satellite recon of this place , we could be on tv by now .
he was starting to like this fucking place .
temperament that was bound to clash with the bureaucracy of a straitlaced place like the institute .
if he had to , he was prepared to blow the place to hell .
but if you can find us a beer , i think i could start getting the hang of the place .
when they 're finished , they 'll just pack everybody in here and blow up the place .
i loved the place .
` ` maybe i loved the place too much .
for one thing , the hostages apparently were scattered all over the place , always a problem .
we just go in and take the place down . ''
but if you know what 's good for the army , and for the country , you 'll get in there and take down the place in a morning , neutralize the hostiles with extreme prejudice , and let the army write the headlines with a press release . ''
` ` keep an eye on this place .
this time we 're going to just take the place down once and for all .
they understand pig in that place .
it was nt all that much , compared to the old days , but it was a fortune in that place , not to mention the end of their marital nest egg .
man , is this place the shit or what ?
in the end he just made do with aidan 's version of what had taken place during that lunch .
he 'd spent half his life in this horrid place sticking his nose into rotting flesh .
no one hated this place as much as he did .
` ` you remember this place , do n't you ? ''
but there had always been a little doubt at the back of his mind that something out of the ordinary had taken place .
i know the place and , judging by your appearance , i am sure you have just escaped from the fire in the art gallery .
faced with a world of possibilities , a world of safe havens and cosy comforts , why did i choose such a place as london for my home ?
sectarian fighting broke out first in slough and then in varying degrees through places that i had no knowledge of : maidenhead , reading , theale and abingdon .
the place is a melting pot , a locale that combines the closeness of narrow winding streets with the bright and gregarious ostentation of large apartments and office buildings .
i was not alone in writing the history of this place .
in frustration i invented the first of the games , the first of the displacement activities that would become a keystone in my monument to survival in this terrible place .
all you have to do is tell them you re lebanese , that you re a teacher , of sorts , that you re from a small place that s got no history in all this conflict , and they re bound to let you go .
it kind of grossed josh out and he d been meaning to fumigate the place .
other streets throughout town had businesses and stores , but main street was the place to be , everyone like chilling out on a friday night by walking up and down the sidewalks and chatting with friends .
you d think they would choose some place bigger , at least a town on the map .
good old family values are found in a place like this .
a place with no countries , were we did not have to go to war .
one thing about life in this place is the fact that you re gon na have to give up the booty sometimes , he said trying to be of some comfort .
shit , you knew that i lived in houston ; you knew that before i ever came to this shithole place to finish high school .
dish antennas mushroomed all over the place .
you heard the place ... .you know itbut remember i want loco aliveanyone who kills the pig , will be fed to the ants .
led zeppelin , gallows pole chapter 17 there was surely a time on earth , maybe not even all that long ago , when there were places that evil had yet to find ; places where greed and killing for no good reason at allleast of all moneystill existed .
led zeppelin , gallows pole chapter 17 there was surely a time on earth , maybe not even all that long ago , when there were places that evil had yet to find ; places where greed and killing for no good reason at allleast of all moneystill existed .
was nt it safe to assume her absolute lack of creativity was what got her stuck with ryo in the first place , too ?
` ` as ill ever be , '' jay replied , his enthusiasm for what was about to take place , less than minimal .
` ` you know , like when a child is murdered and you find the twisted peanut who did it , but for years afterwards , you re still trying to understand why they did it in the first place ? ''
i do nt think everyone here needs to hear about how you had an affair with a murdered woman and how you put your wife through sheer hell and how you , mr . beaumont , got her tangled up in this whole damn mess in the first place ! ''
marla was going to blow the lid clean off the place , he could hear it in her voice .
he enjoyed relaxing in the fresh grass , in a place he had believed did nt exist any more .
of course , nameless andrew thought , time did nt exist on the island in the same way as in other places , regularity made no moment memorable .
ill do anything to get away from this place .
living through the pain and suffering of the two world wars was too much for her and she chose death over life in this place .
it 's gon na cost a ton to fix this place .
he did not like the images that meandered to the surface when he thought about the place .
did he go after his new friends and into the teeth of the monsters his mind told him were patrolling the deep of this place , or did he scurry like a rat to the surface ?
` ` this place is evil . ''
aloneat least , alone as i ever was in this place .
burn the place to the fuckin ground , he smiled sheepishly .
this place is like children of the corn , i ca nt stand it anymore !
at least the place is clean , said my cousin as she disappeared in one of the two stalls .
and if you did decide to go into the cookie business , that place has a real bakers kitchen .
i was nt sure who was left in the town or where i should go , but i knew that i just wanted to get as far away from this place as possible .
as he looked back at his watch , he wondered if time really was being turned back in this strange place .
if he was to get out of this place , it was going to be through this door .
i see this stinkin place more than i see my home , it seems .
key west has always been a place that you can not describe , nor would i want to .
we call her that cause she flies all over this place and knows all the gossip .
looking back now , i could see that there were red flags all over the place .
he knew her name because shed waited on him every time paige dragged him into the place .
now it was time to get the hell out of this place .
maybe you could nt get out of this place on your own .
eddie did nt want to go home , but suddenly he was tired of being here in this place with its loud music and crowd of strangers hitting on one another .
disorder always prevailed in this place , she thought .
you know , i ca nt stop worrying about this place .
they were dressed in grey uniforms typical of many construction and utility companies common in that place .
the pros are crawling all over the place , they know this is where the rich guys are , white and black .
in her small town of ancaster , shed had few friends , quickly realizing that the world could be a cruel place if you had no familial backup .
this place hounded him with memories , and only one real good one : reagan .
this place , a long time ago , used to be ai think the nice thing to call it is a brothel , and it had the name the cat house .
if teachers salaries here are like they are in other places i ve been , you can probably use a free lunch .
you should ' ve hopped the first goddamn flight to amsterdam or some perverted place like that .
i m afraid , nicchi , that we must flee this place without delay and leave almost everything behind .
not the sleepy , crime - free place you d think it might be , he added with a wink .
if you had such a fine reputation in the city , no matter how barbaric the place is , why have you left it ?
his account was insubstantial despite being wordy ; there were episodes in their lives that did nt really add up : neither of them was old enough to have spent so much time in the places pierre described .
the once bustling city , so full of life , colour and gaiety , had transformed into a sombre , forbidding place .
the place is one big slum , laddie .
yeah , well , i was all for hitching up the car to that gate , ripping it off and charging into the place blowing a bugle .
this is a nice place , i enjoy living here and there does nt seem to be anyone who would tell us to get out ; but it still makes me think , what if ?
vici understand now his full name is victor norman joneshad references from two other places where he said he had worked .
they would have known about it , and that s why we think they moved down from the mesas in the first place .
once he d sat down with his pastrami burger and fries the only other local club member of the gripe patrol in the place turned around in his booth to say hello .
it was one of the things he both hated and liked about the place .
the place smelt heavily of sweat , make - up and stale beer .
the boy had eventually admitted supplying mandy with drugs , but had insisted that she had contacted him in the first place , not the other way around .
the roads around ross- shire were more like lanes in places , narrow and winding , often just single track , where you were forced to pull into a lay - by for traffic to pass .
i never even put in for those places ; i knew i should nt fit in .
now he was on the dole , without a chance of a decent job , living in a place where he had no roots .
that was a regular and foreseeable situation : his difficulty right now was that this regime was disintegrating even faster than was usual in this volatile place .
this place is getting to me ?
i need somewhere with a bit more life than this place .
it was a place no one cared about any more .
he wanted only to remind david of the sort of place they had both come from , and the hopes and fears of the people who still had to live in these places .
two nights earlier , a few well equipped men , veterans of the endless wars of the place , had climbed the walls of the presidential residence and killed most of the guards before the big man was roused .
-i do nt know how you can possibly think that you know what kind of men they were , or what kind of men they would have become in this place .
in fact , i do nt like this place much .
on the other hand i ve got places to be .
and not just in this way : like one of those places , people are not really there by choice ; they have been corralled .
god , he would die if he worked in a place like this .
if you must know , i m watching the place .
it does nt tell me for example why someone has employed a private enquiry agent to sit in a shabby car and watch the place .
do nt you have to watch the place at night ?
he was about to award himself the weekend off when he remembered three things : first , his conviction that she might never return to abc tec ; second , that it might not even be her in the first place ; and third , the photographs on the phone .
west ken is worse : a place with a weird pretension that it is somehow blue chip , despite the fact that to the untrained eye it looks no better than swanley minus asda or those outskirt towns along the dull dun stretches of the peripherique which promise fin - de - siecle and deliver fin - du - monde .
she took him through the place , the same route graham goff had on friday morning .
somebody had dragged a body through that door , and done a pretty decent job of cleaning the place up afterwards .
he threaded through beauchamp place and back towards belgravia and eaton square , past the church mrs burdett - coutts built high enough to see from her st jamess windows , and into the thick reeds of westminster , erasmus street and herrick street , the cold brick heart of town .
the place is rather arid here in the north , but since it is spreading it could harm the southern regions of the country if it gets that far .
i knew that one of the reasons the kids were put on the at - risk register in the first place was because of my like , self - harming but i could nt help it ?
it did nt sound like alfie and i wondered how many other families were visiting their children in this forbidding place .
her association with this man was the very reason the children were in care in the first place .
and if things ai nt bad nough here now libreville was a much more brutal , unforgivin place then .
and when rodriguez had studied the list in more detail one day fly me to the moon , girl from ipanema , somewhere over the rainbow , bali hai , do you know the way to san jose , beyond the sea ( darrens mack the knife was banned ) he could nt help noticing that many of them had overt themes of freedom or far - away places , places that most of the libreville inmates would never get to see .
once you got far enough out of the cities , places all started to look the same .
seth had always been a city dweller and had never lived in any place that did n't have less than a million residents , so these peaceful country scenes did n't trip the same nostalgic triggers as they did for most people .
seth pulled the .45 from his jacket ` ` the middle east 's a big place , petrov .
suicide was n't all that uncommon in this part of town , but it was n't uncommon in any place with large populations of recent immigrants .
he had n't even developed an opinion of this place yet and he was made a prince over it .
this place was a museum and a goldmine .
he 'd been shot in both knees so if he was still alive he 'd probably be in a wheelchair although how he might have gotten away from that godforsaken place would be a mystery .
` ` we had about 20 applications from all over the place ... .. australia , canada , the states , france .
they 'd driven through the centre of the city so as rick could get a feel for the place .
` ` do n't let the airport fool you , rick , '' said julio gazing out of the window , ` ` this place ai n't the greatest , you 'll see as we get into town .
i was here to see you just a few days ago with a good friend of mine ... .you look surprised to see me , ah well , be that as it may , you suggested we go visit guatemala city which we did ... .not a very nice place though .
he had thought that this was a way his mother could still feel close to his dad , knowing that he had once visited these places .
simon , most authors nowadays seem to use real places , as it adds to the credibility of their fictional stories .
in this region alone i can think of about 50 such places .
this place was a black hole in the communication world , making it impossible to be found by online spy - catcher software .
i know that this sounds silly , but if they are , it would mean that the battle which took place in kuala lumpur might have brought forward the day that i will meet my dad !
i have had the opportunity to interview people that nobody met before and seen places that belong in this story that no one has seen before in the light of this affair .
the traffic was heavier than i expected along the b1517 , known as grantham road within sleaford , but a glance at the dashboard clock told me it was rush hour or what passes for rush hour in a place like sleaford .
which is what you 'd expect in an upmarket place like the king 's arms .
* * * the wedding was the social event of the year in sleazeford as i 'd come to think of the place now .
sleazeford 's only a small place after all and not long after my first call , wheelan came bombing down the road .
i engaged first and drove the long way round , over the holdingham roundabout and then down through the congested centre of sleaford onto boston road and then looped up old place .
god how i hated those places .
these places were a nightmare if you only needed a few things and i needed some beer .
well some places use them , but it 's not technically a sports martial arts .
in fact new york is one of the safest places on the planet right now .
you see , you know all about the place .
the truth was that he liked what he d seen of this place .
what did you think of that place , though ?
south africa had been the first place that jill had visited on this continent , a long time ago , and some of what she saw in don kriegman reminded her of what she had found both admirable and appalling in that state .
this place looks like shit , he told green .
this place was a pan , which meant that , when the rains came , all of it would be underwater , like a giant shallow pond .
he would make his own way out of this place and everyone would think that jonathan bloom had perished with the rest of them .
it hardly makes a difference in this place .
jill wanted to be as far away from this place as it was possible to be .
` ` i am well aware of all the details of what took place this afternoon .
have you ever thought that maybe he has forgotten about us and will let us leave this wretched place ?
leaving this place would make him happy .
she would eventually grow up , marry someone amazing , and get out of this place .
eloranyssa elora stared blankly out the window of her fadras house still thinking about the event that had taken place .
no wonder nahor wanted out of this place .
this place made his skin crawl .
it was easy to tell herself that after she got used to the place , things would evolve into some degree of normalcy .
true , but drinking was the only way i could survive in this place .
how s this place treating you ?
how can ywork in this fuckin place ?
this place is fuckin mental , berry beams to no - one - even smithy has gone .
a council dullard with a powerful pencil actually believed giving the refurbished council estate a sedate name would make it a sedate place .
this place gives me the fuckin willies .
the drunk said there d been a boy hanging around the place .
well , there s petrol been thrown all over the place .
someone should drop a bloody bomb on this place .
this place was so infested with roaches that you could actually smell em .
it was a very peculiar odor , one that you would only know if you had lived in a place like it before .
dallas , the place she remembered , had been evil and disgusting , filled with nightmares , but that was the people , not the place .
dallas , the place she remembered , had been evil and disgusting , filled with nightmares , but that was the people , not the place .
nothing personal , but part of the reason he left new orleans in the first place were the bad memories of a failed marriage .
busted open all over the place .
mostly jews and italians up in that place .
even if i manage to get some kind of job , one year from now , this place becomes too rich for our blood .
and why do you get to go and enjoy life while i have to be stuck in this stupid place surrounded by nut cases ?
i think its best for you to live here as happily as possible and the white ward is not a very happy place .
i do nt know what it was you did to her in the first place to make her leave you , but if she s like any other woman she probably does nt want to see you again .
nice place here ; charming , clean , and oddly strict .
well end up having no choice but to import much of the material from china and other places .
i never seen this place before , ernie said while he kept looking at the shacks .
i vaguely remember the place , ernie said while he stared at his old home .
shed lived in that place for ten long years .
although she was glad to be leaving , she also mourned the idea of leaving the place behind .
really , we have police but what can they do in a place like this ?
guess i blew it , i was supposed to go places .
we 're flying away to a very special event in a place called stockholm . ''
and since i m towing a car to las vegas , which can be a pretty fun place , i think it would be nice if you came too .
texas is a big place , said dw , lots of people .
several pilots i d known before were working for the airline when i first met them and as we swapped stories and talked of what it was like to be back in the states i was less than surprised to find out that they had been working for inter - mountain even when i first met them in places like phnom penh or vientiane or saigon .
when i lived here in 68 it was right after the tet offensive in nam and this place was zoosvile for an american -- one day they d boycott my classes or threaten me as i came to work , the next i d get rousing applause for the most uninspired lecture .
some romantics even call these places one of the essential elements of modern greek culture .
my sense of the place these days , however , is that he s still highly respected by what currently passes for the politically active portion of the student population , quiet though they may now be .
whatever happens up here , though , we can be sure it will be orchestrated from somewhere in the university ; as i m sure you re aware , that place has a reputation for activism of all kinds and i doubt that this issue will be passed up .
according to the papers , there had been a series of demonstrations the previous night in athens , thessaloniki and heraklion on crete and the army and the police had been called out in force in all three places .
we believe that if deng ziaoping and his people remain in power long enough , and if there is no major backlash against his pragmatic rapprochement with the west , then its only a matter of time before investment capital will be allowed to funnel into various parts of the country ; the bank has contacts in several places quite far from peking , but our communication with these people is very limited .
the university was in the city of jinan , he said , a crowded and rather uninteresting place that seemed to be under a perpetual cloud of coal dust from the heavy industry that dominated the area , but the invitation included a weekend trip in one of the universitys mini - buses to the small town of qufu , the ancestral home of confucius .
i come from tsingtao , a place closer to beijing than this , but even there i often feel more at ease than i do in the capital .
guilins rock formations are quite unusual and i m sure we can get you there , but urumqi is not a very pleasant place ; it is very isolated and only business men interested in heavy industry usually ask to go there , but if you like i will make inquiries .
the section of the film i had in focus actually showed a black dot right on the border , just north and a little west of the city of huhehot , a place identified ( as were all the larger towns on the map ) by its chinese characters written under a small dark star .
he was in the lobby of my hotel in harbin one day and we happened to get talking about something or other i think it was the history of the city , the russian influence on the place and we even went for a drink together , if i remember correctly .
what s a pretty girl like you doing in a place like thisit was on all their faces .
the truth was , he hated the place .
the pictures were of the scene , with police crawling all over the place , several of them bagging nails , others standing on ladders to pick them out of the overhead roof .
my children had decided that for my own health and for my own safety , i should be in a place where there were other people my own age which would hopefully stop me from what i had been doing before , which was drinking myself into a stupor for most nights and drowning in a well of self - pity .
at the time , i did n't realise that this was going to be the start of his violent tenure in the place .
other prominent members of staff in the place was a woman called angela fristoe , but we called her ' frisky ' or ' frigging . '
there was a local pub only a half a mile walk from misty falls called , the pines , and i could n't wait to get out of the place to sup on a couple of cold ones .
even if the rumours are false , which in this case , of course , they 're not ; these kinds of stories can damage a place like this .
he could cause trouble for this place , and i think brannigan knows it . ''
even residents dying in their sleep was hardly a devastating surprise when it happened , as it was seen as a natural process with these places .
the hospice she was going to was in a place called cannock , called st . giles hospital .
i for one was looking forward to spending a glorious summer over the border , perhaps finding out how the sporran got its name and many other interesting historical truths , which would help me to understand my celtic cousins and therefore hopefully - lessen the need for me to spend almost every waking hour thinking about the place .
the sheer immensity of the place is stupendously overlooked until you are actually here , at which point you realise that without travelling by air it takes days to get around , rather than the hours we associate with a long journey back in blighty .
it is difficult to retain the feeling which everybody carries around with them that they are somehow important , even irreplaceable , in a place as vast as this .
christ , how am i supposed to assimilate myself to the place with so much artificiality ?
it quickly became apparent that no matter how many of those documentaries you watch they simply do not prepare you for experiencing the place first hand .
driving hurriedly whilst beset by fatigue , your nerves in tatters , in a place where you do not understand the street signs is a far from pleasant experience and is not something i wish to repeat in a hurry .
canada is still a very wild and untamed place in many areas and it would be a good idea not to forget that .
so anyway , were walking where our feet take us , watching the eagles circling and soaring overhead , looking for any sort of clue we could find - i was quite hopeful of getting a quick result because this place is absolutely alive with spirits !
i sat for a bit on the stony beach and offered a couple of pinches of tobacco in my pipe to all the spirits of the place before having a smoke , taking in the scenery while i waited .
i knew i would nt be able to get any help from the airport or from calgary itself - i just did nt have the feel of the place .
no coinage - strange , i thought , for a treasure trove - but many were the finely crafted artefacts from who knows what exotic places ; stolen , each one of them , i was sure .
it had been a long time since i was last here and i felt an almost heartbreaking sorrow at the thought that i was never going to see this place again .
this place is something else .
the guns were his responsibility until they reached the civilian contractors engaged to dispose of the weaponry , and there was no evidence that any impropriety had taken place on this occasion .
the only reason i mentioned the danger is just that it really is dangerous for someone like yourself , who knows nothing about this place .
you have no idea what these places are like , none at all , then she started to cry .
chapter 8 they did an awful lot of experimental shooting around the place .
we ve got tour buses all over the place around here during this time of year .
there really was nt that much to the place , though it had a surprising number of new buildings and opulent pavement work for pedestrians and bikes .
he was nt even around the place .
they had spent so very much money fixing the place up .
it gave them a chance to see places like malmedy , namur and bastogne .
a few were frankly disappointing , consisting of little more than a cheap plastic bottle from which the holy water of places like banneaux had been already drained .
it was easy to find the guys who rented out the red ones and yellow ones , stacked on tall racks all over the place .
there were trails and stony open areas all over the place .
the river was extra busy with small motor boats all over the place .
time went so slowly during his time working , so why did it suddenly speed up when he was trying in vain to get away from the place ?
shootings might happen in bigger places but not in their small town , and not in this neighbourhood .
they all worked at different places in different careers .
they all lived in different places , in darlington and surrounding towns and villages .
he could leave this place and his career behind him in order to make a fresh start elsewhere .
ahead of him lay the river bank lined with trees which belonged to the village of croft in north yorkshire , with the river tees between it and the bank that belonged to the village of hurworth and the smaller neighbouring village of hurworth place .
you look at this placei loved this place .
before he had reached the end and turned toward the high street , the mother who had elected herself neighbourhood guardian had fished a mobile from her pocket and was agitatedly demanding the emergency services the high street , up close , appeared to be even more of an alien place than it had through a taxi window the night before .
* * * chief officer oliver beaumont of her majesty 's police , was a man going places , almost certainly a post in the home office in due course , according to his personnel file .. ' going broke ' was his private assessment whenever he glanced at the artfully angled photograph on his desk in the solid silver frame .
that old man had more life in him than this place .
` ` well we ca n't leave a job half done can we , leave them bloody things stuck up all over the place .
there 's nothing for me in the uk anymore , the place has been gutted by slime - ball politicians , greedy bankers and grasping foreigners .
besides , this place is ' category a ' and i ' m one of the really bad boys apparently . ''
this place is like a forensic gold mine .
` ` is n't fourteen a little young for that kind of place ? ''
i knew , without doubt , that crimeen was dirty , and i could n't help but reflect on the pity ; south africa really needed resourceful innovative industry to get ahead , every single corrupt corporation or politician hurt the country a little more and would kill places like this , which had grown on their tails .
must have been the receptionist at crimeen , ` ` i am , and apparently i need to get a release form signed to get out of this place ? ''
` ` club 's a tiny place , just outside of damelin . ''
this was to ensure that a kidnapping had not taken place .
even though that really happened in new york , and other places for that matter , it did not seem real to me .
we should better plan how to escape from this place now .
paul lets go and sit at that cement bench over there so as to acquaint you of our way of life in these place .
our college is not cool as this place .
i wo nt go back to that shanty place .
paul is employed as an housekeeper , his duties still stands , if he fails to act , i must send him back to that dirty place he originally came from !
something is coming .. ~ they say the world is a cruel place .
i knew , without a doubt , that i would nt miss this place .
i was nt sad to leave that horrible place .
this was unmistakably laughable to me because any sane person should realize that this place was no better than prison .
crime scene tapes were all over the place .
you did nt get a good tour of this place , did you ?
` ` look , we run a clean place here , understand ?
he said the cops were all over the place , '' mcbride said .
think i do n't mind taking this iron out and shooting this place up ?
it was an experiment but it would not be social he still hated this place though , the sooner he did what he had too , the sooner he would move away , physically and emotionally .
it was this place and many like it that was at the heart of his angst .
it was a place where old people lived .
` ` just talk around the station , you know what its like , nothings a secret in that place .
` ` the worlds a messed up place '' , grant said , as they both looked back at the image of marion hanging limply next to the comatose male , all bathed in an unnatural light .
you might ask how you can be lonely in a place full of people .
the police force is a very different place now ; it is not the same as when you left all those years ago .
he had said it himself , dunedin is a small place and the name was the same .
an old friend who crashed at my place for a week once asked me , why do you live in marietta , georgia of all places ?
we ca nt leave the babies at a kennel ; certainly , you never know what they ll bring home from those dreadful places .
` ` he went up with the place , '' timothy said , his voice quieter .
he was only here a few short years but , no question ; he left his mark on this place .
only a week ago rhyllann would have shouted the place down in protest .
somewhere over the rainbow there was a place without stinky office ladders , mary pedersens basketball ass and it departments that smelled of blue cheese .
yes , stephen is the only one of my friends who has a child , which might sound a bit strange considering my age , but it 's kind of typical for new york - a place where dreams come true - not kids .
when mindy leaves , she 's probably as confused as i am after what just took place .
this is a filthy place .
metal is coming down inside this place .
at any rate , they agreed to flee the place .
so he stayed away from those places .
people on vacation would get lost from the shuffle in a place like the district of columbia very easily .
a human soul , tall and magnificentyou could tell by looking he was the king even in this place .
swords , breastplates , hair , and beardsfrom some ancient time or probably from a place with no time at all .
i m not concerned for myself , but you became quite intimate with the mud of the place .
tomorrow with the coming of the tide , we will burn the stockade and board the ship and abandon this accursed place forever , as devilfish demands .
it was nt common knowledge about the place , but she , gladys , knew for a fact that the commander and barbara were going to get married .
peter thought this gloomy place may not be so gloomy after all , although he was used to a better view than the back - streets of clerkenwell .
for a start , there are no passports or driving licences , and no bank cards or money in the place , but one might expect those to be missing if the family was , for instance , going abroad on holiday .
you could nt do much in that place unless she knew about it and you had signed one of her blasted forms .
he charges 50 an hour , would you believe , but reckons he can do everything from the place down the road , so we wo nt have to pay train fares or expenses .
things were hotting up in clerkenwell , and he really ought not to leave the place at the moment , but they would do their best to get up to see him tomorrow .
i ve heard a lot about the place , so it will be good to see at first - hand what they do .
washington is still a place where people dress in suits and ties for everyday business , despite the weather .
1976 age : 32 profession : derivatives trader this executive knows how to get the job done , and is a frequent flier between d.c . and texas because she is constantly meeting with politicians from both places .
yeah , okay , but this place still gives me the creeps .
but that s why a place like this is so great .
that is a place with a bad soul jasmine and zachary thanked ronald for his advice .
do nt panic this place is obviously not representative of the south .
as the elevator rose , ralph noted that alburt seemed to be in high spirits , which was odd , because whenever ralph had observed alburt at family events he had always seemed sullen and cold , and ralph said , you really like this place do nt you ?
no , but america is a big place .
listen , yeah that place is like a big mansion .
jasmine examined the next weapon that hung on the wall , this place is like a museum .
hardcore bikers gangs were known to cause trouble in places , but stories of their exploits were rare in england - i certainly could nt remember the last time i d heard one .
people had attics tidier than this place .
costs like fifty bucks , some places do it for free .
maybe they were about to travel to a place like iran to do some undercover work for the united states .
you can be assured that the states thinking will be that the best way to stop opposition and insurgency is to prevent it starting in the first place and that s why we must prevent them from having the tools to do the job .
i can get hold of a small quantity of explosives and detonators but i need some help to me get in and out of the place .
he greeted john and turned to mal get some medics over here and lets clear this place up .
in some other places he had found difficulty in breathing as in pasay or ermita in metro manila .
many places did not even have running water to the dwellings .
just as one piece of a jigsaw puzzle does not give the full picture , the philippines culture is as broad as any place on earth .
she and her new husband , sam , a retired judge , recently moved into what we call the barristers bungalow in carolina place .
arriving on hilton head island in winter , henry and i had resided in a tiny one - bedroom condo at the heritage club , but soon after , we purchased a lagoon villa in carolina place .
chapter six -- this place is a disaster zone .
mostly of victorian era architecture , moldered and dangerous , the passage of time had left its mark here as it did in all places and the years had not been kind .
if such a cozy word could be used to describe the cold place in which he had been raised among the care and guidance of analytical minds and hearts , then indeed he was home .
looking for a place to stay , he had been turned away by everyone because he was unknown to them , a stranger in a place where people were wary of strangers and weary from the toll of daily life .
were leaving this place and going to live in australia .
to be able to prove that something took place , both for the purposes of scientific enquiry , and to satisfy the generals in the pentagon so that they continue to fund the project . ''
captain rob had often wondered about the connection between visiting new places and the number of crew who would get ill within a week or two after leaving a new port .
` ` there is much about this place that i find unholy .
` ` there is much that is strange about this place ... much that i have never seen before , so i am inclined to believe in what you say .
jane , i asked gently , why would you be afraid of this place ?
she knew what people thought when they saw her especially in a place like this .
in this place , all the girls knew him .
it was a whirlwind and judith loved seeing the places she had only previously read about or seen in movies .
regardless of the wheelchair , outside of this place she would have been very attracted to him .
the man who marshalled this game was dead and judith feared that this place would get out of control like a driverless train careening down the tracks .
lauren out there is what keeps this place running , keeps me running too .
home : a place you re from , not a place you live .
as the back doors clanged shut , the speaker wiped his brow with his handkerchief and said , there has been a repressive spirit in this place .
this place ai nt the greatest , but the county hospital is a whole lot worse .
this place does nt look that bad , he thought as he made his way toward ellies room .
i do nt see any real danger in the bermuda triangle , maybe because i ' m reading different books than she is but it is still an intriguing place , and i ' m looking forward to something different this year instead of our usual cruise to nowhere off the coast of long island .
i ' m glad karen ca nt see this place as well as woodrow wilson .
on a search and destroy mission instigated by the corrupt policeman who framed him in the first place .
there are places he will not go .
why do nt we split up and take a look over the place .
i know its not the nicest place in the world , but we could nt bear to go back to our houses where are families were .
he built hundreds of windmills and placed them all over the white house law , you d never recognize the place .
so about that place where you used to work , why did you leave ?
it was strange how the euphemism that the world was a scary place had come true .
and this place was another dry hole .
get updated on justin mullers latest fiction , receive new content via social media , and join in the news by visiting : www.justinmullerbooks.com justin mullers twitter page : www.twitter.com/jmullerbooks justin mullers blog : www.justinmullerbooks.wordpress.com bitcoin detective by marty longson this book is dedicated to everyone that has ever owned a bitcoin and the man that created them in the first place .
people were running all over the place and there was a constant stream of helicopters flying in and out .
so now the united states has another wave of immigrant laborers coming from non - traditional places like puebla , oaxaca , chiapas , from southern stateswhere peoples standards of living are declining and everybodys trying to buy something to eat .
then , when it was all done , he would try to find a way to placate the crocodile spirits which lurked in this watery place .
did you feel that bad crocodile spirit in that place ?
but i do really love meeting the genuine people of this place , those who have a bond with the land , like charlie and rosie last night and who also like to enjoy life .
but , once again , if you compare it to other places nearby there should be more .
it is sort of like charlie told me , there is a huge crocodile in this place , but it is also like there is a spirit which can leave it its body .
it had a powerful determination to bring her away from this place .
her gran had begun as a farmers daughter herself and had even visited some australian stations in her early life , so she really did have a sense of this place .
she knew this from university , having studied this and other early english finds , but she had never been to this place and wanted to see with her own eyes .
my own crocodile totem will to talk to the crocodile spirits of this place until our spirits are as one .
if his vehicle was just found abandoned in that place or even in darwin it would have been strange but people would have just wondered where he was gone and expected him to turn up .
ill be grateful if you give a lift to the place !
a voice thundered all over the place .
` ` this place has eaten into my profits far too much . ''
this planet is goin ' places , and we mean for men like you to lead it there .
they really need to hire a better janitorial staff in this place , do nt you think ?
i do nt want to bore you with all of the places i have been , but i do recall a trip i made to thailand back in 1989 .
hey cole , do you know that there are still some places in the state of illinois that will not allow domesticated rats in state owned facilities .
all things considered , the likelihood was that when they said there had been no exercises taking place at that time , they had told the truth .
it would have made sam happy to know you like the place so much .
and i ca n't tell my boss what i ' ve done , or he 'll want to know why i ' m running around the place playing games with you .
not enough time to play '' ` ` but you 're lucky that your work takes you to such nice places .
this place will be swarming in a few minutes '' without any further bidding , dirk put his foot down hard on the accelerator , the wheels spinning for a second before they eventually found traction and propelled the car out of town .
the recession had come through like a roaring tornado , sucking up hope and jobs only to drop them in mexico or across the ocean in places like india .
scott always talked about this place .
i do nt know why the dude had gone to ysu for even one semester , instead of a place like yale or harvard .
while youngstown had people , oak hill was the kind of places that had families , homes instead of houses .
among other places .
the first chance she got , bam left her father and her family and blended into the population of youngstown state university , a small campus compared to places like osu , but it worked for what she desired .
a kidnapping was taking place and it was most likely turning into a hostage scenario .
does he not grasp the extremity of what was taking place ?
skin color should n't matter in a place like mission valley where people like mrs . jeffries were the minority .
you ca n't raise children in a place like this .
at the same time , jason felt a strong need to get the hell out of this place .
the place was a zoo .
this place has more procedures than the army ever did .
you been to any of those places , diaz ?
when your whole world was the top of a barren hill , when you lost four men in three months to ambush , when you got tired of playing video games on a television wired to humvee batteries , when a change in the wind made the whole place stink like piss , a snort now and then seemed like a reasonable indulgence .
he knew places like thishad spent half his life within their wallsand he also knew that the people inside rarely lived down to the bleakness of their surroundings .
its new york , thank god , the place that has everything .
there were some places he had not been to though .
as you know , the business world is a small place these days .
i have written to him to say that , if he will not come back , i wish to leave this place .
there was nt a single boat in the whole place .
over the whole city hung a tense and tingling silence , as if the place was holding its breath and waiting for something catastrophic to happen .
as soon as our friends saw that you d made a break they lost interest in me and could nt wait to get to hell out of the place .
look at the nice places we get to live in .
they do nt move me to places like county twelve , if that s what you mean .
` ` not in this off beat - up place . ''
at once he wanted very much to be back behind the wheel , speeding away from this place .
i said , well , working in xingpost does nt seem like such a bad place .
or if she had , she must have made it sound like such a boring place that they had nt bothered coming to see it themselves .
this place is freaky .
man , this place is disgusting .
this place ai nt quite the waldorf - astoria hotel .
we 're seeing this place in a whole new light .
you worked all morning cleanin ' this place up , and now you do n't even get to stay .
began wishing he had known about such places in his early 20 's and had the money then to travel .
had finished his third cup of coffee before he realised that he had been dominating the conversation with his talk about the scenic beauty of his birth place .
just as one piece of a jigsaw puzzle does not give the full picture the philippines culture is as broad as any place on earth .
the only substantial movement of any kind was what appeared to be a minor refugee movement into van in eastern turkey from various places but mostly from iraq and iran .
shay got up and looked out the window , america is indeed a filthy place .
i have many memories of this old place and not all of them were dark , especially the day we were told we could return to honolulu .
she considered all that had happened over the past eight months of her life and she surrendered to the harsh reality that the world was now a very dangerous and ugly place where death was a welcomed release for many in the world .
the world has always been an ugly place , unfortunately for us , it is now hideousbut , you can overcome itand rise above it .
ill pick up my stuff late tonight and lock up the place again .
you are such a fucking idiot , as well as the other old people in this place .
it was the reason they were in the car on their way into north beijing , to a place neither of them would ve had any earthly reason for visiting otherwise .
` ` sounds like a nice place , anyhow , '' he added .
looking like they had never been indoors before , never mind a place like this , they started at small and mean looking with a fixed expression of simmering anger , and ended at a doctor - whos - lost - his - way wearing a buttoned up coat and hair that bushed up around the ears .
just do nt mess the place up . ''
i d love to say i caused a riot but london is a hard place to shock even at the best of times .
` ` sounds a bit ... '' ` ` looks like the place , does nt it ? ''
` ` if she was going to blow the place up , she would nt have wasted energy bringing the crowbars , would she ?
i thought of the place , and of that first night of cranston and elizabeth and mortier and the notebook .
the place has nt changed much from what i understand .
the place is like a mad circus .
the place had its own unique smellsomething brought on by sweat , stress , and maybe a little blood .
fifty this place gives me the collywobbles , natalie said to pearl and me .
it was a nasty place that i preferred to stay far away from .
that will be a lot of green ; green all over the place .
you can tell , just by looking , its a harsh and unforgiving place to live .
ill tell you all about it once were out of this sorry place .
that was easy for jed because he d already made up his mind he was nt going to go back there and steal from that place again .
by then , there were several red mountain neighbors that were standing around talking about what had taken place .
melendez , they sent me to help because i had no knowledge of what had taken place .
devonport is a real place , but the characters and events in the story are imaginary .
this place is overrun with feral felines at least they control the rat population .
i thought north head seemed like a barren place until , after we had walked further up the road onto a grassy hilltop , i was impressed by a splendid panorama ; on one side a calm blue - green sea and the outlines of distant islands , to the other side auckland city and the harbour bridge which i had driven over the day before .
suddenly i was aware of a dark energy in this beautiful but alien place with its history of volcanic eruption and warfare .
when mark had told me about his wifes fall , i had pictured it taking place on stage while she was dancing .
some places had all in one .
bruh you must be pretty hungry to eat the poop they serve in this place , keith said strongly as he stood .
the forensics folks were going over the place .
there were big tinted windows all over the place .
the place smelled like a thousand hog farts and years of real strong white mans sweat .
the place was made up like the old west from 1873 .
duck lodge was n't hard to find , being the biggest house in the place , set back from the main road behind some impressive gates which opened once jenny announced their arrival to the intercom .
they are both little hamlets in mccreary county , and the two places are like five miles apart , way out in the sticks .
we represent faraway places ; india , belgium , the west coast of america ; yet today we are one , in one place , to do one small but wonderful thing .
for some reason , this place was giving her the creeps .
this place does n't put you through bigger trials than you can theoretically endure .
the girl aimed at the nearest fan , sensing the fear of this place and its monsters slowly turning into curiosity .
i still feel quite negative about them , especially in a place like that , he said through his teeth .
i had never been in a place where they give you a shave as well , but louis did .
i had heard of it in old fashioned barbers but not up - market places like this .
ill be twenty - five this year and i ve still not fallen out of love with the place .
i was inspecting the place .
every thursday he opens the place and me and two other maids clean the entire house , but he never leaves us alone , sir .
well , i m no detective , but if i want to find someone , i would visit the places he or she goes .
each time , the place looked different , and i m not talking about a mere change of the vegetation on account of the seasons passing .
most of his time is spent away on long mysterious journeys to faraway places , traveling to different royal meetings or on to the next battle .
not so much about the things they said , or the places they went , or even that passionate night , but how it felt just being with him .
a bizarre confluence of events pulled him to the lake in the first place , though his circumstance in this regard is no different that anyone elses : what do the remaining one or two percent do when everyone else they ve known is gone ?
his best friend in those early days had been a kid named scott james , whose dad , it turned out , worked in the same place his father did , in the same division .
these were likely the same attributes that made him a successful businessman in the first place .
port happenstance , a place she s never heard of much less visited , and if drug store postcard scenery is nt really her thing , she has to admit if one were in ones late 80s there were certainly far worse places to lay down the bones for good .
and this place stank .
what was that place if not a work camp ?
i ended up talking to a scotsman from a place called glenfinnan .
had all the death and misery of this place created its own weather ?
perhaps it was a blessing that they did not have to suffer this place .
maybe it was his lawyer background , or perhaps it was a need to understand this place , but before he knew it , the question had fallen from his lips like a whisper .
once she was there she should try to get as far away from this place as possible .
its probably not much compared to those fancy austin places , the cop said , but mrs . montez throws a heck of a saturday social , and you need to treat her people with respect .
this place fucking sucks .
that place gave twist the willies .
for eighteen years , its the most boring place on the planet , then out of nowhere we get stalkers and violence and whores .
then she had started on florida , and claude figured there was n't much need in getting too used to the place because she was already referring to the doctor as ` ` him '' and the hospital as ` ` in here . ''
when he had first laid eyes upon her , he was amazed how one so lovely would be in this dark and dirty place .
each experience ends with a rescue from that damned place .
i think how this sneaky sunlight will lift the dreariness from this place along with our spirits .
we both know that place has got to be project hope .
he was a sweet , innocent , kid sent to a horrible place .
a place filled with teenager murderers and rapists , all because of her .
you re in a good place with good people who care about you .
this place really did come out all right .
now , she thought as she regained her senses about her , while trying to stand up behind the now collapsed check in counter , i start a new job and i get robbed the second week i ' m here and then the whole place falls apart .
i heard a lot of rumors in town about how this place was honeycombed with caverns before they started building and they had just ignored the warnings of two engineers who had predicted something like this was going to happen .
carol picked up the messages left on her desk.when she saw the one from buck spears , she quickly turned and headed for the center directors office.heading down the long corridor , carols thoughts creatively evaluated the possibilities.she had turned in the futile proposal , but who knows ? this place never followed a logical course of action.when she reached spears partially closed door , carol knocked tentatively .
carol had started out with so much respect for spears.in the final run , buck spears had turned out to be the perfect model of a state worker.the unspoken code of ethics at tri - county was never make waves.the order of the day in a wave - free work place required tight controls.no one who had the potential to create those waves was allowed to survive , regardless of how valid the issue.carol had not been spearss first casualty , and knew she would not be his last .
paul found carol freemans house and went to knock on the door.there was no answer.without realizing it , he had just passed her coming down the road.just as well , he thought.after the last encounter with brian carter and his wife , he needed to catch his breath.carol freeman was going to be adamant about her position.they were aware that she had given notice at her job and that a lot of her reason for leaving was due to her illness , but they also knew that she had been unhappy throughout her employment.for a place that was supposed to be built on confidentiality , the mental health center had been a loose cannon of information.one alleged new patient asking the right questions was able to tap into quite a lot of apparently meaningless information .
jack had heard stories about the weird smells and noises in the klenke place , but he d never been in there himself , so he could nt say if they were true or not .
nyc was a different place then .
everything changes , she said , but not this place .
wound up in a place called miskatonic university .
some places just carry cover girl , yknow , which is fine if you a wonder bread blonde .
but this place the atmosphere was laden with the rot of dark mysteries with maybe even a touch of magic hovering on the edges .
he d seen pictures of sinkholes before on the news , from places like guatemala where the underground water had been tapped out .
i ve been itching to have another gander about this place .
she had gorgeous bright green eyes that looked as if the finest jade from the most exotic of places had been placed there .
i was so fearful of going to a place that could end up like tuckerton again .
paint it black by mara concepcin i can make you scared if you want me to i m not prepared but if i have to i can make you scared , and you pay me to if that s the deal then heres what i can do for you you re in the church and more than a million works of art are whisked into the woods when the pirates find the whole place dark they think that gods left the city for good at the church of san jos in casco viejo , there is a gold altar that the faithful painted black when the english pirates came to panam el viejo .
national geographic editors have collectively jizzed more over photos of this place than their march 1976 topless pigmy special .
erm , well sort of , erm , no not really , i was , well i was his doctor , you know i just came to check the place out that sounds bad .
however , the meeting definitely took place , and draman explained the nature of his offer to starr .
the government is investigating claims against my agency generated by the criminal organization that is the very reason we have to do what we do in the first place ?
there s a lot of that in this place , paul commented .
its why you joined the goddamn csa in the first place .
she again silently scolds herself that she s way out of her league coming to a place like this .
lets get his picture plastered all over the place , newspapers , tv , everywhere .
` ` she was going places and had made many friends and alliances within the organization , '' her husband had quoted .
olivia had waited until the place cleared and shut down before she finally took a taxi home , alone .
at the sight of it , she fought against the desperate feeling to flee this evil place .
a 100,000 volts frying through his brain , the place where i lived was something that frightened me .
his skin tightened , loosened , and then flattened out as if there was a physical transformation taking place .
out west is a big place . ''
what kind of trouble could someone who lived in a shabby place like this cause him or caulder ?
she was slender , somewhere between pretty and mousy , with straight brown hair , a red plaid shirt , and cut - off jeansjust the kind of woman you 'd find partying it up in a place like jezebel 's .
he was smart , and he 'd been places .
he 'd been to new york and london and paris , places like that .
he used to tell me that someday i 'd go to places like that , too .
she took on the band when they were still working their day jobs and playing places like jezebel 's on weekends for free beer and a share of the door .
to france , england , germany ... places like that .
i forgot what a pretty place it is . ''
she loves to go places and do things , and she does n't want to just sit around and talk about how bad her feet hurt and what a wonderful man her dead husband was .
what have the two of you been up to in this great big place , danny boy ?
while she has some loyalists in these places , they do not have majorities .
and those places are all welfare basket cases .
` ` nope , this was some college kid and he went over the place pretty carefully . ''
` ` if vincent is going to go places , i need to get a lever on him .
and its a lot harder to pull one guy and girl out for special questioning when the entire place is crawling with tourists who want to see the washington monument at dawn . ''
good - bye marshall , keep an eye on the place while were gone .
the lights were on in all the cabins , but that was nt rare for girls away from home in a place that could spook a country dweller , let alone apartment brats who d never even seen a sewer rat .
you d expect a lot of fingerprints in this place .
this place was a death sentence for all of us , i knew , but it looked like i d be the one digging the graves .
talking about morgues , this place does nt feel too different .
i feel like i ve been spending too much time in the emergency unit , seeing firsthand what happens to adrenalin junkies without ever experiencing why they would want to be adrenalin junkies in the first place .
you do nt get why i took him to all those places .
he could nt wait to get her hand - cuffed , so that he could start smashing up the place .
do you know what the friends of people do in this place ?
no , but ill rank this place : its a shit hole .
in two days this entire conversation will be but a footnote to my stay in this godforsaken place .
he knew he was going to be in a tight spot trying to escape this place in one piece , but felt better in his gut that these men were going through the hellfire with him .
the sign identified the park as a place called montauk .
in the second mind rested memories of another life from a brighter place , a realm where magic was real , where monsters existed and people banded together to stop them .
you should have gotten the hell out of this place when you had the chance , bro .
julian , you are too smart to let a tremendous opportunity to advocate changereal change in this place , pass through your fingertips .
it was still one of my favourite places to visit i loved the atmosphere , with the castle , the extinct volcano of arthurs seat , and the sheer history of the place .
do nt these places usually have a wi - fi router ?
but why the bloody hell should taxpayers money have been used to build useless airports , motorways and such like in places like spain ?
we can track these processes , step by step to latvia to bulgaria , to sierra leone , bangladesh , pakistan , libya , ghana , gaza or a hundred other places that are the lucky recipients of european and american tax - payers money .
why the bloody hell are you living in this place , miles from anywhere ?
he spoke to schools aid africa , a small english charity in east anglia that took free gifts of old laptop computers from the public , made them fit to use , boxed them up and sent them to places like sierra leone .
we ve got to get away from this place somehow , he said tersely .
a man who called himself the bishop attired himself something that made him look nothing short of a catholic priest , ran the place pounding a bible with one hand and holding a gun in the other .
but in xaviers eyes , the two years he served for laundering and racketeering money would prove well worth all he had gone through in that hell of a place .
so she ended up herein this god forsaken place .
its like this place has its own social networking going on .
but why would islamic radicals strike this little nothing of a place in south georgia ?
kim believes that at six , three years since they left the little house along the dirt road , he likely would nt be remembering that place as home .
my muscles fire in unison as i stand and i start to analyse what just took place .
contents quote prologue times of india : miracle press release may 18 oxford , morgan 's office firefight pitt rivers woodstock pitt rivers woodstock the package may 19 private airstrip , england st . bartholomews arkane , london blackfriars , oxford marietti 's office tucson , arizona may 20 brize norton santiago de compostela , spain botafumeiro crypt homeless on the plane may 21 tabriz , iran kiln may 22 st . peter 's basilica , rome st . mark 's basilica , venice arizona desert may 23 doge 's palace amalfi may 24 new york post : comet press release church of the holy sepulchre tel aviv blackfriars the red book may 25 nefta , tunisia desert , algeria may 26 clark university underground buzzing betrayal may 27 biosphere dawn oracle pyre destruction 2 weeks later your next book is waiting thank you author 's note about the author acknowledgements when the day of pentecost came , they were all together in one place .
her office sat at the end of bath place , a tiny alleyway opposite the holywell music rooms in central oxford , where medieval colleges jostled with modern city shops .
so what else do you know about this place ?
her memories of the place were colored with golden light reflecting on the water in the city of lovers .
jerusalem is one crazy place , he said , like a religious theme park .
how ironic it is , jon realizes , that the place i did nt want to leave just five months ago is now the last place on earth i want to be .
its impossible to miss its the only pink porsche i ve seen around the place .
to brush off the pain and the loss she was going through she decided , to embark on a leisure trip , she thought about the places to visit , gaborone , have been like a home to her she cancelled it out , kasane and maun , for kasane she just visited there in the past month and it have been her most favored destination over the past years , and as for maun , it have acted as her en - route to kasane .
if he continued north , he was headed for a whole different section of the island , a place these residents had no business with , which meant he was not here for them .
a few hours from now , he 'd leave this place behind , and much wealthier than when he arrived .
it ruined the image , made the whole place look bleak and depressing .
but this place is n't quite the same as most .
in places like that , the poor are properly poor .
when your pockets were full of money and you lived in a fancy place like port macquarie , it was easy to believe that .
they got homesick for a place where they did n't even have a home .
of course , mackenzie went to court for drunk driving the very next day , same place , but i knew that was probably just a big coincidence .
it was a surprise to me that when i was researching the lives of the people here , of this place , i discovered that one of the residents was from hackney .
you know , we studied maps of the place and stuff , prepared for it like the army would for a real invasion .
this place is never bustling .
i have nt had time to take a leak this week inspector , never mind show curiosity about a place i detest .
it probably would nt have if the place did nt stink so much .
its an evil place .
-- dreamland , nevada a nameless man in a silver suit who appeared to know the place strolled through the first floor lobby of scorpion 's central command .
` ` get this place cleaned up soldier .
i ca n't stand this place anymore . ''
serena shielded her face against obstructions as she walked through the darkness as if this dead place was a second home to her .
despite her upbringing , or maybe because of it , kate knew nothing about the world she lived in , apart from the sure and certain knowledge it really was n't a pleasant place to live in .
' wow kate , i think you must like this place or something .
the job you were meant to do has been accomplishedthanks to you jack holland will not be hurting anyone or anything else and the world will be a better place , but a poorer place without you in it .
she was working at an ice cream shack in brunswick , of all places .
a place that was rough around the edges but if you loved it that did n't matter .
this was the experience of driving through the place where he 'd grown up .
i think if we 're lucky we can get the hell out of this place and save you and your mom .
they passed the auto parts display and joe felt the sickness of the place , the sickness that had existed even before this thing had happened here .
the place smelled of burning coal that put skid back at fort campbell , kentucky .
the place is crawling with do - gooders .
i do nt even know how they got the messages in and out of the place .
chapter 12 : diplomacy the next day i got up around eleven , as was my wo nt ( the early mornings are the best part of the day in kabul - as in most places - but i had the more demanding schedule of the mahjong parlour to obey ) .
in paris quite a lot of them do nocturnes , but in most places it is considered to be a strange and perverse idea .
one of my few happy memories of the place .
a friend had told her that taxis in such places were quite dangerous and at the very least would overcharge them .
the world is a brutal place , he replied .
he had about as much concept of what those places were like as he did the atmosphere of venus .
a man who lived in a place like this would certainly have things to do .
there are plenty of people who think this place is full of ghosts .
but i knew that after drinking the coffee and smoking a few cigarettes , ill have to leave this place .
the place smelled of rancid oil and the odors of suspicious meat , cockroaches , dirty water in the bucket that was used to mop the floor , and on top of that , the smell of sweaty bodies working in the kitchen .
gorgeous place , do nt you think ?
that s the kind of district this place was .
well , what do you think of this place ?
you like that place ?
with this place , i mean ?
by the time i got close enough to realize what was going on the paramedics and police were already swarming the place .
it was an urban - residential place , missing both the dynamism of downtown chicago and the serenity of rural illinois .
it was a desolate place , several blocks long , bounded by scrap yards and boarded - up buildings , the only deserted and wild space for miles .
` ` it is not distinctive in the places where we usually drive it , '' said vasily .
what an awful place he lived in .
he knows that sophie being here has the makings of an international incident , and jacques resigning as french president , then immediately coming to the united states , of all places , makes it even more volatile .
the professor was called upon again to explain , i daresay growing up in a place like that makes you so he wo nt have known many people from outside .
and when you must have such bad memories of the place .
a town just along the road from stove had been quite helpful on another case , a place called gaidon .
we were still poor , but now we could live in a better place .
rats lived in places like these and they must die somewhere .
this place was far creepier than she imagined it would be .
that s what this place is .
this place is so freaky .
death in this place was not so obvious .
this place was getting more dangerous by the minute .
she was taking it all as a result of this place , of this strange underground temple .
maybe learn a little more about that place .
this place is full of rednecks , he said , yelling over the music .
she should be in a building across the street , doing the nails of the people that come to this place every day .
that place is a drug haven , has been for a while .
ill talk to cates and see what he knows about this place , said mick .
not enough real work to do around this place ?
at fratelli 's the city 's a dangerous place .
america would be such a better place to live without the micks , wops and fucking immigrant scum .
the cops have been sniffing round this place ever since that opera singer was found dead here .
a place he 's already been to once before back in france in 1917 .
a spy in the place unknown to baumshinsky , katz , gluck or any other hood in red magic , devereux has a police rat working in the club .
what is it about these places ?
this place is creepy enough inside at night i do nt want to have to think about it being as creepy outside .
soon i started recognising places too .
in any other place , the killing would be a grizzly homicide worthy of the front page .
i also had a personal call from president putin expressing his sorrow that this outrage had taken place .
after the awful experiences he s had at other hospitals we ca nt blame him if he wants to see the place first before committing himself .
i ve never heard of a miracle in this place before .
i am just grateful that whoever committed those killings did not leave their flat footprints all over the place , '' he said a hint of a smile on his stern features .
the city is a planned city and was designed by a husband and wife team from chicago , usa , of all places , following an international contest for the city 's design : walter burley griffin and marion mahoney griffin in 1913 .
this place is like her family .
all right , are you ready to tell me where the money really is and not some lame place like the farm you sent me too .
do nt worry , mate , well have a quick look at the place , and then well run you home , she put her arm round his shoulders and gave a little squeeze .
he could nt visit this weekend ; not with the place crawling with police and camera crews .
i know i m a single mother , pregnant at nineteen , and everyone thinks that makes me scum , but my daughters going to make something of herself , even coming from this place .
someone was trying , in vain , to cheer the place up .
can you imagine a lovely place like alfriston , producing someone like him ?
how would christian cope with all this if she was having trouble being in the place for just a few hours , and she was supposed to be the strong healthy one ?
the overlarge handbag and informal clothes were all a bit of a giveaway , but even more so , in this place where punishment hardened both those who dealt it and those on the receiving end , there were the kind eyes in an open intelligent face .
one of my patients is in that dreadful place , accused of an awful crime and stupid or not , i think he s innocent .
they are happy that nothing improper took place , and that christian was properly looked after .
it was horrible in that place .
it was a lovely part of the country , and it was the place where she had grown up .
i m telling you , jerry , and you d better believe me , this place will be burnt to the ground by midnight .
its peters place .
and he thinks its important that you do nt go home to an untidy place .
josie looked back at the place that was now her hometown .
the place used to be a sweep of hills dotted with sheep and barley fields that stretched all the way to the pacific .
when it came to crime , billie zuni was as bad a dude as the place could come up with .
grown women broke their first hour in this place .
` ` they were just places , just people .
` ` those places are dark , third rate institutions where overworked doctors make out reports and prescribe electroshock and pills that will keep hannah so doped up she wo n't even know when one of the low life orderlies decides she looks like prime pickings .
` ` this place is ugly .
i heard raised voices , and you did n't hear that when it was only mr . frank running the place .
` ` i 'd like to know how many places you lived in those fourteen years . ''
josie wondered if hannah was well enough to see the future , or was just taking a last look at a place she never wanted to see again .
i do nt know how you ll manage getting our letter to anyone in this place .
this place is unbelievable , christy !
i knew new york was a big place , but even i was surprised by the large number of people and buildings .
its the one place that does nt appear to have changed from when i lived in denmark .
surely you ve heard of that place at least ?
` ` better sterile than septic , '' bobby said , ` ` but this place does n't look too bad - for being really old . ''
probably somewhere in northeast , but that was a big place .
` ` i thought you were sick of this place and everybody in it . ''
jerry could respect that about the place .
the place was called donkey dicks .
lot of things you do nt know about this place , kanani had said .
you really think you re going to get a break in that place ?
but he was learning to love this place .
jerry had seen the place before he caught the first flight back .
well , i m going to propose that this place does away with its guns .
it would be the lynchpin , calling card , of this place .
if this place really wants to be different , forge a new identity for itself , then its going to have to come up with different models , and new ways of doing things that no one else has thought of .
this place was worse than what he had left in fact , it had plans to be much worse .
you ve obviously put your stamp on this place .
they had a schoolhouse down here , and a village , and the whole place wash away .
he was afraid that one day it would burst , then all the other guidos in the place would pin the death on him and then he would have his hands full .
this place was a lung cancer breeding ground .
he disliked the place .
but , it 's still a place i tend to love .
it was an odd thing to watch after the events that had just taken place .
part 2 the collapse of the democracy the journey home jerrick finished his masters degree from the russian institute in 2005 and returned to the one place he called home , his birthplace , holland , michigan .
only way to build one is a revolution must take place .
he 'd read about these places but this was his first direct contact with anybody from one .
he 'd never go back to the place .
` ` a small cabin cruiser goes with the place , '' reid replied .
` ` all i wanted to do was leave the place , but it 's like returning home , '' jennifer commented .
that place was awful .
` ` i 'd really just come to see the place where jennifer lived for most of her life and to meet ms bulmer , your leader . ''
` ` no , she told lorie we were getting on so well together she was n't needed around the place .
` ` the place is like a little town , not a prison .
that would be lovely , replied aeniah dryly , and whilst you re at it how about giving this place a little heat .
this world was a violent and deadly place .
that s fantastic , wish this place had a concept of commerce so that i could have put some money on it .
everything that alex looks at or touches is coated in a whimsy of pulverised stone dust and he wonders what the place is like in high summer when the heat stifles and the breezes off the sea carry thick , choking clouds of powder into the lungs of the local inhabitants .
` ` i hate this place '' , says jock as the car bumps down an unmade track , passes the old farm house and pulls into the courtyard .
by autumn he wants shot of the lot , shot of the cash flow problems , shot of the whole bloody place .
this place is a disgrace .
she left home two years ago and she has absolutely no desire to see the place again , especially not her step father and his wandering hands .
when the sun shines and dust motes spiral , when the smell of stale smoke mellows and becomes almost pleasant , that is when maggie loves the place the most .
` ` i mean , college is great , i ' m doing something i love , but it 's only this place that keeps me sane .
average for that sort of place .
we know more about these places than you do .
if he can get them out of the place before the serious shit hits the fan most of them will drift away and it will be impossible for anyone to be a reliable witness .
` ` get round this place now .
we run a clean place here .
the place is old and tired , as if this part of the country is waiting for the good times to return .
jock has no wish to experience the reality of the place again , but from a safe distance he likes to keep in touch .
he sort of runs the place , with a couple of goons , ken and davie mccoist . ''
he recognises the place for what it is ; the factory , the source of all this shit on a sunday morning , and the seeing of it makes him feel very uncomfortable .
it 's a really nice place . ''
i 'd have to care quite a lot to come to a place as squalid as this .
sillick farm has been a place of ghosts for too long for there to be a welcome on the door mat .
the place stinks to high heaven and he has a bad feeling about the day .
liberias a pretty rough place these days as i m sure you understand .
it amazed archie that people still chose to live in these places .
many place sell them .
namibia , though , was a place that had always intrigued him .
it had happened repeatedly in places like chad , gabon and equatorial guinea .
another table harbored a shifting host of twenty year old american boys in t - shirts and shortscollege kids from a place called bentley , if the logos on their shirts meant anything .
i have to warn you , this place is nothing like ghana .
ca nt be that hard to spray a little bug juice around the place , just see that they do nt take a bath in it .
this was a lazy place , full of sleepy dogs , and idle people , like a page ripped out of an old national geographic .
a place like this had no experience with terrorists and corporate assassins .
the place was nt even really african .
otherwise we would nt have gotten to meet moises and see your marvelous place .
can you imagine what conditions are like in a place like this ?
it he ever escaped from this place alive , he swore he would sleep for 72 hours straight in the cushiest most sound - proofed hotel room he could find .
i have to say , the variety of produce i see in your markets is pretty impressive compared to a place like bioko .
what a disaster that place has become .
i m just i ve had enough of this place .
ignoring the confusion on the faces of the young children , she drew in a breath , rearranged her smile , and continued , ` ` this place , this city was created many years ago as a shelter for the best of humanity . ''
his procedure took less time than most , and his request to work for the institute near myself and , '' he motioned at michaels , ` ` our newest member was unusual , but he expressed an infantile fondness for this place and the people he believed saved him .
the most extreme of these kinds of unsophisticated places had been outlawed by the citizenship government years earlier , before the separation .
` ` it 's such a beautiful place , too . ''
you see , the wheels had to remain on the car until the actual ride took place , because , at least one test run would have to be done before the ride could have opened for the day , '' addison said .
* * * * * * * * * * chapter 24 waiting most residents of toronto will admit that their city can be quite a cold place in the winter .
these places are so backlogged , that their courts just began scheduling trials for crimes committed in 2007 . ''
` ` she does not deny that the holocaust took place or that hitler was directly involved . ''
all we had to do is turn a blind eye to some friends of his going places . ''
` ` going places ? ''
they are stunned into embarrassed silence , which proves to me that they have heard of the place .
it was nt logical , but it came from the place that keeps its eyes peeled for the stuff logical does nt .
that 's why she left me in the first place .
he d gone to the old mans place , likely just because they had plans from before , so it made just as much sense as any place else .
i would ve stayed in the place , paid to have it dyed , but thought i could dye it myself in some hotel bathroom , any place , then did nt want to dye it just because i would feel ridiculous being caught with dyed hair .
this place is making us all crazy .
we probably do nt need to blow the place .
how is it possible that all this time the brotherhood has known nothing of this place ?
i do nt know much about the place .
too many memories associated with those places .
no , this place had no good memories for her at all .
you never can tell in that place , can you ?
this whole place does .
this place was the same as it had always been .
the place sent small shivers coursing through him .
see to it these bodies are picked up and clean this place up .
the place had nt changed much in the years since he d been there but he did nt believe it had changed much in the past few hundred years .
lucky for them this global warming thing had nt put the whole place underwater by now .
but other events took place and now the man running things , elias blanco , has malcolm hostage and me as his puppet .
andy warhol made the film chelsea girls as a homage to the place ; jim dine , claes oldenburg , and larry rivers made the chelsea their home ; and it was jimi hendrixs bolt - hole whenever he was in town .
she also talked of city airport , although she confessed that she had never been there , her knowledge of the place only being hazy ; the terminal baggers based there reputedly being the most insular and fundamental of any of the central communities .
you see this place .
his impression did nt significantly alter the more expansive the wheelchair - bound dreamer became , outlining his plans for his new skyscraper , to be built in pyongyang - of all places - on a budget , that although colossal , would only just be sufficient for the scale of the enterprise he proposed , in a timescale , which carver initially thought was wildly optimistic .
for all of carvers negative assessment of his future employer , garnet would have been the first person to agree with him on these points : they were the primary reasons that carver himself was brought into the enterprise in the first place .
little could he have imagined , even when he set out on his first trip to the united states , that he would be afforded the opportunity of visiting many places that at the time were just so many words in a textbook .
and they play their games and they think the world is not such a bad place , because if the world was truly evil then there would not be any games to play at all .
it was a long shot at any rate : carver recalled a conversation he had had with kim dong - moon only a month or so beforehand about the poor standard of care in new korean hospitals , when kims exact words had been , i would have to be dead before i went near one of those places .
in some places in europe too .
he had lived with jenny , on and off , for the best part of a year before they had eventually split up ; the parting - amicable , but not without its necessary emotional upheaval - had been part of the reason that he had decided to depart english shores in the first place .
the world , joe had found out was a scary place sometimes and it seemed the majority of people he met just wanted to keep themselves behind self - constructed walls .
but of course , that was the reason operation anesthesia was created in the first place .
the only tangible memories she had were that she came from the place with the big buildings , which we confirmed when we found a train ticket in her pocket from grand central in new york .
its a really nice place .
its a place where they got lots of fishies .
when the blindfolds were released , beth recognized that they were at teterboro airport in new jersey , a place shed flown out of on numerous occasions as a young girl on the boulanger private jet .
she wondered , if this place were so great , then why would a man choose to burn himself to death rather than come back ?
it was nt the kind of place you hear aboutits a place you bump into one day .
it was nt the kind of place you hear aboutits a place you bump into one day .
he said it was a hard place to fit in as a newcomer like himself , because its one of those places that people live from birth to death .
he said it was a hard place to fit in as a newcomer like himself , because its one of those places that people live from birth to death .
he must have forgotten how great this place is , or maybe he forgot to wash his brain that day .
maybe this place would be good for her .
but i grudgingly have to admit you ve been the blood and guts of this place for as long as i can remember , and a change should have been made a long time ago .
she could nt believe that when a washing machine could be bought for under 200 , people would still rather spend money in places like this .
we all felt sorry for her , living in that place .
sasha pitied people who lived in these places , and felt that at least she had something to thank her mother for .
its hard to think these people came from the same place as her .
she thought of all the times luca went to parties like this and no doubt spent the night with some bimbo he d picked up - that was how he d saddled himself with melanie in the first place .
she was living in a home where most of the residents were on the waiting list for a council flat grottier than the one they d left ; or had no choice but to return to the husbands who had beaten them and made them run away in the first place .
she did think of talbot , after her old road ; but that place held too many bad memories .
its really a beautiful place .
st cloud knew the place well , and he also knew what it was like at that time of night : yellow - jacketed road workers , sour - faced value - brand toms , khat - high spillage from the african nightclub next door , and a lot of locked doors and pale faces in the drive thru queue .
if they did , they might not necessarily pick him up might favour instead a period of surveillance , to see who he met , talked to , to find whoever gave him the phone in the first place .
angela said , one of the lawyers from grants place was boxing in it .
it has six platforms on one side , where the trains go to chaversham or twatstable , and then , oddly it has about twenty other platforms where the trains go even worse places west croydon and hither green and god forbid cheam .
not an english place .
before you tell me a lot of lies , you ought to know i do nt think that meeting ever took place .
to st cloud it seemed a dreary place , full of office workers and suburban night - outers readying themselves for beer and brawls .
he lurched out of the place .
then someone had better burn the place down .
shocking place these days , london .
the place is going to light up like fireworks night .
there s somebody called jacko who has something to do with a place called barrowlands .
i suggest you go over the place with a dog team , the lads who do the ground penetrating radar , and a forensic archaeologist .
and that place , i do nt know anything about it except that its probably evil .
paint tubes all over the place .
the world is such a corrupting place .
if we wanted any overseer who projected earnings using nothing more than an excel spreadsheet , taking ' earnings times two ' at the end of each year , we might have pursued a place like pelius . ''
few people around west creek county remembered the place and the ones who did , seldom spoke of it .
nobody takes off work on a friday around this place .
it was pretty gross but everybody knew what they would find after seeing those buzzards all over the place .
i spent half a day up there checking around , even got bud barron to fly me over the place a few times to take a look from the air .
a poor man like me , living in the middle of no place was handed the keys to a bank .
now do nt you get all fired up about this like matt did , besides , cleaning up that place will be a major job .
we ve got to figure out what s going on around this crazy place .
something like that would take a herd of outside lawyers and courts to even get the ball rolling in the right direction and thompson would bankrupt the place long before you could get your hands back on it .
thompson is either a fool of a business manager or he s out to bankrupt the place .
veal claimed he was just looking ... planning to clean the place up just like matt was going to do .
brooks added , your aunt was fit to be tied about that , especially after she and matt had it out about the place .
i do nt reckon they got no dynamite house out back of the place ... do they ?
thompson cost us a lot of money while he was wrecking the place .
if she was around then we went places .
better yet , what was the catalyst that made him join the elite in the first place ?
lying in ricky 's bed , listening to the crickets , enjoying the slight draft over my body as the sticky summer air was pulled toward the living room , i let my thoughts drift to korea , a place i never wanted to see .
in most places , their cotton was almost as tall as i was .
they were from places like hardy , mountain home , and calico rock , and they were as spruced up as we were .
some places reported six inches in ten hours .
next door to the east was an insurance agent jake had sued for botching a claim for tim nunley , the mechanic down at the chevrolet place .
and then there were the clubs , places with names like angels and cat 's house and black paradise , places where a man could go for good drink , good food , good music , naked women , and possibly more , he said .
` ` man , i forgot how bad this place is , '' lester said .
this place is drivin ' me crazy .
i ' m not a southerner and i find this place bewildering most of the time , but i have developed a perverse love for it .
it was amazing how they could arrive in packs from all over and within twenty - four hours become experts on a place they had never heard of and a people they had never met .
it 's the sanatorium or you will die in this place .
you know what those places are like .
with its gray , clapboard houses and rain - swept , desolate beaches , it was the sort of place that could make anyone depressed .
wherever it was , it could n't be worse than this place .
if anywhere truly lived up to the brochure fantasy of paradise , with white sandy beaches and tranquil turquoise waters , it was this place .
it was only a few days since she 'd last been here , sitting in the library with the kindly jan beerens , but something seismic seemed to have happened to the place in the interim .
man 's future is in the hands of places like cern , scientists like you and your father , working to solve tomorrow 's problems . ''
you should see this place ! ''
nothing robert langdon had ever read about this place prepared him for the sight of it .
but the receptionist 's measured voice and the telephone clicks and the quiet hold music spoke of a much bigger place .
it 's supposed to be a nice place . ''
then the place names .
the whole place dripped money , literally .
` ` because the places they look after are like training camps .
but the big places dropped them , one by one .
a nice place , reacher had heard .
` ` the vatican will always be grateful for that , '' the secretariat said , his tone appeasing , '' and yet there are those who still believe your financial munificence in 1982 is the only reason you were granted prelature status in the first place . ''
any normal person would be falling apart over all that , screaming the place down .
links to other militias all over the damn place .
` ` this place is n't for jews . ''
you guys ever seen a worse - looking place ? ''
some places they 're a tiny minority .
but other places , they 're a majority .
other places , they 're absolutely normal , harland . ''
` ` some places they control counties , '' dexter said .
and by then this place will be way down their list of priorities . ''
we got lookouts all over the place .
so when i went to work for her in the first place - this was in 1949 - i went like you 'd go into a dragon 's cave .
` ` well , if you leave out some of the places in alaska , i guess .
used to be a bad place .
a place like that , it did n't seem like standard practice .
there are lots of kids in those places .
some places , it was cleaned right back to dry caliche ledges .
most places it was worn thin or worn away completely , just leaving traces of pigment behind like a stain .
there were bales of it all over the place .
` ` this place is impossible .
there were long - neck bottles all over the place , but reacher was n't worried about them .
isolated place like this , you get to be more than friends .
` ` which is a pretty bad place .
not to anybody within living memory in this place .
texas is a pretty nice place , overall .
` ` a place where they get plenty of earnest , striving , not - rich middle - class families on vacation .
a place with lots of people exactly like you .
maybe they made multiple bookings all over the place .
between songs , marty explained that he 'd once worked in peru , and that singing the songs made him miss the place .
the place is getting tense , eighty thousand plus .
` ` maybe i 'll like this place . ''
kinda hard to like the place . ''
they talked about italian food and wine , about italians in general , about the places she had already visited and the ones on her wish list .
he knows that houston is three blocks south of morton and he knows you say it house - ton , not like the place in texas .
` ` best place i ever lived .
` ` plenty of your guys came from the same place as me .
one of those small west african places .
those places are always fighting .
reacher liked new york more than most places .
the kind of places that had thick crusted carpet in the hallways and thick scarred paint on the millwork and four meaningless symbols lit up above the front doors as if some responsible standards agency had evaluated the offered services and found them to be pleasing .
but for all that london was a historic city dickens would n't have recognized the place .
not dissimilar to pauling 's own place three thousand miles away .
no problem with those places .
bomber bases all over the place .
classier than this place .
he had lived in worse places .
` ` this place is a nightmare at twelve o'clock .
he stepped back and sat down again with a hiss of air from his cushion , and he asked , ` ` have you ever heard of a place called kosovo ? ''
i want to know if i should be concerned about money coming in from a place called kosovo .
` ` this place is dying , reacher .
i was thirty - six years old , a citizen of a country i had barely seen , and there were places to go , and there were things to do .
it was a shabby place .
the city was one of those heartland places that are neither large nor small , neither new nor old .
` ` kuwait city was a hell of a place .
the metropole was a sad , half - empty , faded old place .
it had all the usual sports - bar stuff all over the place .
this place is weird . ''
a place like that , stock was unloaded directly onto the shelves .
superimposing circles on squares wasted more than twenty - one percent of every acre , but reacher figured that might be an efficient trade - off in places where land was plentiful and irrigation hardware was n't .
cadillacs were the kind of things that made america such a wonderful place , along with the trusting population and the hamstrung police departments .
then he e - mailed it all over the place and set the printer to churn out two hundred color copies .
thirty yards distant , shallow angle , decent illumination from vapor lights on poles all over the place .
i ' ve put in a lot of work here , and this place could get a bad name . ''
after that , i gradually settled down , made an armistice with the place , and morosely set about learning to be a ` ` lady . ''
it was indeed like a college , this place , reflected bond .
his family came from some place in normandy .
pretty g*y these winter sport places , they tell me . '
there was the bloody place !
but i ca n't have idle hands around the place , so i ' m taking you out of the double - o section . '
burn the place down ? '
you just come over and take a look at the place .
as a reward i have ordered sake to be brought in large quantities and then a dinner of the speciality of this place , lobster . '
the place is crawling with them . '
the priest had expressed regret that such extreme measures were contemplated , but he agreed that the castle across the sea was a most evil place and its owner a man in league with the devil .
and it seems they do n't hold with places like three and one - half , not even when they 're decently run .
` ` so you 're a stale bull of the place ? ''
there 's gangster money in that place .
and say a major fuse blew during the meeting and i ' m going to seal off this room and find out why we 're having so much bad workmanship around the place .
it was a cheerful place , doing great business .
it 's true there 's a place called ` ` the res - torium '' , a hospital for alcoholics .
there 's no doubt that gold gets into the states through this place .
nothing but germans in the place .
and then if we ' ve got enough evidence that someone 's trying to sabotage the moonraker we 'll have the whole place turned inside out , the practice shoot postponed , and to hell with politics . ''
no discipline , no security , and full of hangers - on and shirkers from all over the place .
why not go along and have a look at the place and at him ?
and then for one month - august - the place goes hog - wild .
it 's probably the smartest race - meeting in america , and the place crawls with vanderbilts and whitneys .
` ` i ' ve had enough of this place .
there 's no harm in having a front man in some of these places .
it gets shunted off on to me because the place is british territory .
stir the place up a bit .
anything you know about the place .
he really must try and remember the dope about the place .
some place like armenonville .
in a year or two it would be the gcb and out - out to godalming , or cheltenham or tunbridge wells with a pension and a small packet of memories of places like the trucial oman , the leeward islands , british guiana , that no one at the local golf club would have heard of or would care about .
she still had her looks and various men had kept her for a while ; but you ca n't make the rounds for very long in a small place like bermuda , and she was very near to becoming a harlot and getting into trouble with the police when providence again stepped in and decided she had been punished enough .
i did not tell him to take a short cut through that place . ''
he 's got some sort of a business in a place called macao .
it 's a place called palmyra .
there 's no one under sixty in this place .
the whole place would be in an uproar .
if we ' ve got to take this thing seriously , i 'd lay odds on canaveral or this place on grand bahama .
it is a well - run , elegant place that deserves its profit .
` ` sounds like this place has a treasure trove of priceless artifacts .
six months from now they would be big and red and golden and photographers would be swarming all over the place taking pictures of them for the college brochure .
there are cars all over the place . ''
there were gables all over the place with short gutters and dozens of fat iron pipes to drain the rainwater away .
i told her i needed ten - year - old hospital records from a place called eureka in california .
truck stops all over the place , we 'd be in and out before the guy had even ordered his soup . ''
it was a messy old place .
massachusetts was mostly a long loop around boston and then a sprint through the northeastern bump with the dumps like lowell on my left and the cute places like newburyport and cape ann and gloucester far away on my right .
if doll 's body had been found the place would be in an uproar and i would melt away and never be seen again .
there was evidence all over the place .
it was an upmarket place so i had showered and put a clean uniform on .
his chair was still leaking its stuffing all over the place .
ordinarily , when there 's a homicide , the place is lit up like christmas , with lights flashing from a half - dozen black and whites , the medical examiner , paramedics , and all the rest .
` ` that place , '' phillips said , shaking his head at the memory .
` ` you know , '' i said , ` ` something bothers me about this place . ''
a place that 's exciting .
` ` this place would n't dream of doing such a thing , '' langdon replied with a smile .
` ` nice places , though . ''
neighbors all over the place !
you saw the place .
the only reason they built the turnout in the first place is that ass - holes are always leaving their cars there while they go watching eagles or scrambling over rocks or hiking up and down .
but this is a tiny place .
` ` these places are all the same , '' he said .
` ` no place you would have heard of , '' toby replied .
this place is going to be just fine , toby decided .
she 'll never leave that place .
` ` they ought to call this place the dregs , '' he told jill .
she was not interested in any of these places , nor in any of these people .
they were taken to places of whose existence most russians were unaware .
she could not remember a time when she had been free of hospitals or nurses or specialists flown in from far - off places .
` ` i like this place , '' walther said .
elizabeth traveled to all these places , shunted from house to apartment to villa , and grew up amid all the lavish elegance .
he likes school because it 's an escape from this place .
all his life he 'd tried to love the place .
about what those places meant to him and to his sister .
that place is cleaner that a nun 's arsehole . ''
like him , they were outcasts , come to this strange , distant place to make a fresh start .
but as he grew older , and his children became adults , he found himself increasingly drawn to the place .
i think harry stanford would have -identfied with this place , steve thought .
7hey 'll never confuse this place with the am , julia thought .
i ca n't stand this damned place ! '
on the way home , he thought about what had just taken place , and how he had outwitted them .
the state of washington was a story book place for a child , full of spectacular mountains and glaciers and national parks .
' not too many people know about this place , ' adam warner said when they had been seated .
` ` miss parker , we have twelve hundred and forty convicts in this place , and some of them are men of great ingenuity .
they went apartment hunting together , and late that afternoon jennifer signed a lease in a new high - rise building off sutton place , called the belmont towers .
adam was looking at the innocent girl he had met years ago , the girl who had said angrily to him , if anyone had paid me off , do you think i 'd be living in a place like this ?
` ` you 're much too good to be working in a place like this , darling , '' she told him .
` ` i 'll bet you used to sing about this place when you were a child , '' kirk said .
the greek police are all over the place , and they ' ve got a narc in from washington .
` ` there 's a place that i ' ve heard is very interesting .
` ` i ' m not so sure this place is such a good idea , '' kelly said .
ernestine littlechap runs this place ... . that night , when the fifteen - minute warning bell sounded for lights out , tracy rose from her bunk and began to undress .
only a few miles in another direction was the dreary place she had recently lived in .
she would have to make plans to leave this place as soon as possible , find someplace where she could get well , where she could feel safe .
he made the discomft of the primitive places they lived in fun .
her cool aloofness kept paige at a distance , marrying a doctor who was going to work in far - off exotic places had seemed romantic to her , but the harsh reality had embittered her .
` ` this whole place depresses me .
she had never seen any place like quebec city .
i 'd like to get out of this bloody place .
to tell you the truth , i ' m really beginning to like this place .
i think it would be good for you to get away from this place for a while , ashley .
the place is clean . ''
he had left the security of the only life he had ever known and had come to this distant , desolate place because he dreamed of being rich .
the place stank to the heavens .
jamie wondered how people as proud as banda could bear spending their lives in a place such as this .
the new railway 's going to turn this place into a second cape town . ''
` ` i ' m still alive , and i ' m rich - rich enough to hire men to burn this place down and you with it .
this place is filthy .
` ` you should not be living in a place like this , tony .
when lucia returned to the grim cubicle she had been assigned , she thought : this place is a snake pit .
when i leave here and get my money out of switzerland , maybe i 'll write a book about this crazy place .
with elderly aunt rosa as chaperone , lucia spent her school holidays in capri and ischia , venice and rome , and a dozen other places .
` ` in a place like this , the town barber will take him over to the barn and sew him up . ''
the execution will take place .
i want you to see the place . ''
leslie and henry honeymooned in paris , and wherever they went , leslie wondered whether oliver and jan had visited those same places , walked those streets , dined there , shopped there .
i ' ve got money coming in from places you never even heard of .
` ` you can get me out of this stinking place .
there was a different hotel every night , the drake in chicago , the st . regis in detroit , the carlyle in new york city , the place d'armes in new orleans , until , finally , they all seemed to blend into one .
it was a magical place , a bustling city that made chicago seem provincial and drab .
sidney rosenthal , my new friend , had found a job and one day he suggested , ` ` why do n't we pool our money and get out of this place ? ''
` ` you 'll like this place , '' laci assured jed .
lock the place up , then bring them back here .
` ` such a wonderful place . ''
the whole place was gaudy and vulgar .
` ` i thought you liked this place , '' wes said .
no one wants to get near this place . ''
outlawed here , but not down in guatemala and places like that .
stories of attempts by gay people to legally marry were common in places like new york , massachusetts , and california but were unheard - of in mississippi .
at one point , two decades earlier , he had put together a streak of twelve consecutive not - guilty verdicts , virtually all in small towns throughout mississippi , the types of places where those accused of heinous crimes are generally presumed guilty the moment they are arrested .
you got ta be tired of this place . ''
in places like massachusetts , new york , and california , laws are being challenged .
and when you argue that other areas of the country have seen very high rates of cancer , you 're not suggesting that any of these other places are fifteen times above the national average , are you ? ''
kyle would indeed live where he chose , but the place would be infested by the time he moved in .
how do big companies fare in these places ?
you got ta call lawyers in these four places and find the dirt .
it was a dreadful place , sparsely filled with people who had no business being there , gambling with money they could not afford to lose .
` ` nice place , '' he said , looking at a photograph .
the brunch was another effort by him and the firm to soften the edges and make scully seem like a humane place after all .
` ` you 'll like this place .
` ` there 's a lot of sex around the place .
i got ta tell you , kyle , this place is a powder keg .
' money 's flying all over the place ; syndicates are trying to find internal invesi'ments where bureaucratic machineries look the other way . '
' a man was killed in the place fontainas , a covert dealer in diamonds between moscow and the west .
' these places and many others , ' continued lavier .
if you had to do time , do it the federal way , and do it in a place like trumble .
he 's been in for a year , is dean and fiilly rehabbed , but the terrible people who run the place wo n't release him until april because they ' ve been collecting twenty thousand dollars a month from his rich uncle , who just wants him locked away and wo n't send any spending money .
the place had so many silly regulations anyway .
just four years ago he 'd been building his reputation as a tough young federal judge who was going places .
his dui three years earlier was still a painful memory , and besides the damned cops were all over the place .
they were dragged half - dressed from their small home near the bay , lights flashing all over the place .
why do n't you straighten this place up ? ''
he 'd walk out of the place one day very soon , once wes and chap here had finished with the brethren .
they landed on the island of eleuthera , a place trevor had seen in a travel magazine he 'd bought the night before .
we want some money and we want out of this place . ''
he lived in an antebellum home in greenville , a river town with a small but strong jewish community , a pleasant place with a history of little racial discord .
he 'd leave mississippi , maybe team up with rollie wedge and leave for brazil or some place .
i 'll get the trial moved to another county , maybe up in the hills or some place where they do n't have jews .
though it had a long way to go , mississippi was a far different place in 1980 than in 1967 .
i was three years old when we left mississippi , and my parents never talked about the place .
` ` sounds like a wonderful place . ''
i ' ve seen lots of lawyers around this place , and i ' ve never seen one as nervous as you .
it 's no secret that the real superintendent of this place has been a federal judge . ''
i asked him why he did n't just run away , vanish into the night and hide in some place like south america .
that place is crawling with jews , and they do n't get involved , okay ?
and it was not the kind of place you 'd want to remember . ''
i would ' ve gone to south america , changed my name , disappeared two or three times , then settled in some place like sao paulo or rio . ''
` ` so you sort of run the place ? ''
we spread money all over the place , and before long we had all sorts of klan informants .
i fled the country and would ' ve never returned to this miserable place .
leaving this godforsaken place will be a relief . ''
she 's well known around the place .
` ` tell him all the horror stories about this place .
i always figured they deserved what they got , then i was sent to this place .
it was hard to imagine sam liking anything about this place .
he was well disguised , but not because he was a homosexual and ashamed to be hanging around such places .
the place is full of people who hate coal , and it 's leaking like rusty pipes . ''
and poor jensen was hanging around those places at midnight .
he had the run of the place - a nice little apartment on calle de torre in the old section , a car with a driver , a banker who was a wizard at blitzing money around the world , any size boat he wanted , a military plane if needed , and plenty of young women .
the messenger thought of a dozen places he might go , but , dammit , they were like paris and rome and monte carlo , places he 'd seen and places everyone went to .
the messenger thought of a dozen places he might go , but , dammit , they were like paris and rome and monte carlo , places he 'd seen and places everyone went to .
if i live to see wednesday morning , i ' m on a plane to aruba or trinidad or some place with a beach .
the place was crawling with summer clerks . ''
this place will be shell - shocked , especially at the news that the president and mattiece are old friends .
a place called parklane hospital . ''
he says they want him out of the place for a while .
curtis hated the place .
he hated the place , really . ''
` ` why 'd he hate the place ? ''
velmano blamed cortz for bringing in a sleazy client like mattiece in the first place .
they 're a creative expression of religious reform that happened in a place called judah long ago .
he 'd also been an adventurer , traveling to arabia and the middle east at a time when both places were as familiar to the west as the moon .
` ` a lovely place .
` ` this place is different at night , '' pam said .
as to the names of places , most are wrong .
` ` how can you handle this place with so few people ?
the jews will learn that the old testament is a record of their ancestors from a place other than palestine .
i do get to travel , though , and i enjoy coming to places like this . ''
when i was in college , i would come home for the holidays and stay away from this place .
blanchard : ` ` the place was a madhouse , thirty - five thousand people screaming like idiots , but we still heard the hit you put on bond . ''
` ` after you took the plunge in the backseat , '' she said , ` ` and i was tossed aside , we still had two years left in this place .
but after you leave , after you venture away from this place , after you ' ve been kicked around a few times , faced some adversity , some failure , been knocked down by life , you soon realize how important coach rake is and was .
he sees the world as a very threatening and scary place and defends himself by being hostile or being withdrawn .
according to christian , ron said , ` ` now just imagine this , i dreamed this is what took place .
the horror of the place was bad enough for real murderers , but for an innocent man it was literally maddening .
it was a tough place , tougher than most , and dennis asked himself over and over how and why he had been randomly assigned to the place .
he and mark barrett swapped letters and quibbled over the details - which lab , who pays for what , when to start the testing- but both agreed that the testing would take place .
not many of us at the moment , but more every day in i i xinjiang , across the border in kazakhstan , and other places .
now the hardest part was simply getting through his rounds at a place he despised , among patients and staff members he mistrusted .
` ` ssg is kind of like this place .
` ` the place where i grew up was n't much of anything , but it had a good school district , and that 's something they cared about .
then one day she ended up talking to some people at the plant - it might have been a bake sale at the school , some event like that - and , well , i did n't put it together right away , but i guess she was led to understand that the plant was only keeping dad on the payroll in the first place out of kindness .
davos might have been one of the most remote places in the world , but the world was here , in full metallic plumage .
this morning i wandered around the place , went in and out of the seminars .
` ` that 's the biggest hall in the place , '' caston said .
psychiatrists with degrees from case western reserve or the university of miami medical school , nurses with diplomas from the naval school of health sciences and other places with similar names , guards with backgrounds in the 6th mp group , or the 202nd , whatever the hell that meant , with the initials cid in parentheses .
this place is awful . ''
there were nazis in congress during the late thirties , and communists all over the place in the fifties , if you believe the loyalty investigations . ''
drew stepped back , standing beside karin as they all watched , both fascinated and repulsed by what was taking place .
` ` you do n't understand this place .
` ` that 's what we 're afraid of , but we have over two thousand ' deputies ' spreading out all over the place , asking if any unusual construction equipment has been sighted .
there are over a hundred fire engines from all over the place trying to put it out .
i mean , you have the run of the place , am i right ? ''
she and i were friends , and she should never have been in this terrible place . ''
and that clearance , as it were , was another reason why they hadreturned to the place where , if not welcome , at leastthey were not harassed .
a couple of days later , hearing therumors , she got hysterical and broke out racing allover the place trying to find her family .
he 's pulled in militarypersonnel from all over the place , all commanders , and they 're fanning out recruiting their own kind , fanatics who believe as they do , that theirs is theonly way .
the hospitals and thedoctors have been alerted and all the borders allover the place are being checked , every tuckingamerican male passport made to roll up his sleeves , and anyone looking anywhere 's near like him hauledoff to a customs tank . ''
i'msure you have places to go , people to see . ''
it required mobs of malcontentedpeople ordinary people who could be worked intoa frenzy , but for that to happen the mobs had to bethere in the first place .
` ` this place has quite a history , '' whisperedjohnny reb beside joel .
` ` actually , i 'll rather miss the place .
the place smelled of anxiety and frustration , like a stalled subway car at rush hour .
` ` i have some expertise in this place .
` ` what i do n't get is why you got involved in the first place . ''
he wished this place struck a chord , but it did n't , which bothered him .
like most frontier towns ruled by industry and its money - hungry barons , there was a raw and lawless nature about the place that the semi - civilizing influence of the modern - day city never was able to tame , let alone eradicate .
' he does n't know about this place , ' bamber insisted .
no one could remember , the place was a madhouse .
bourne imagined it amused conklin to live in a place filled with so many secrets .
it was a place you would not easily want to leave , bourne decided .
` ` dear god , i 'll never again feel the same way about this place . ''
` ` do n't you find this place depressing ? ''
so his business ventures took him to many places around the world , some of them strange . ''
the place is a fucking shithole . ''
` ` clean the fucking place out - permanently . ''
` ` it is a homogeneous place .
these places were no more than shacks .
` ` a place i never wanted to go back to . ''
this place is a madhouse , and my tolerance is at an end !
' according to our information , there are marines all over the place , and it wo n't do me any goddamned good being seen with you . '
i tell you the place is a mess , blood and glass all over the pavement ... ' havilland 's eyes were wide with shock , but it was the hysterical voice of mcallister that stopped the cia man .
the newspaper and television people were all over the place , so you 'll read about it in the morning papers . '
we 're businessmen , some of us rich enough or egotistical enough or for other reasons willing to work for government pay , but first we 're businessmen with investments all over the place .
i do n't want nothin ' more to do with this place !
this place is weird , man ! ''
` ` i wondered in a place like this -- '' ` ` in a place like this , '' broke in tank shirt , ` ` half will take it or give it either way as long as it 's rough .
unfortunately the assassination took place , but fortunately an aide to the deceased was by his side when the old man warned him .
they do n't put phones in the can in these places . ''
this place gives me the proverbial creeps . ''
he was initially trained there and that 's what he came back to do -- to blow the place up !
first , naturally , there 'll be the trip to the caymans , where , i ' m told , there are excellent tailors ; then perhaps a clever little yacht and a small charter business that can be substantiated as having been moved from tierra del fuego or the malvinas , some godforsaken place where a little money can produce an identity and a highly credible if obscure past .
the memorial service for robert critz was held in a country club - like mausoleum in a ritzy suburb of philadelphia , the city of his birth but a place he 'd avoided for at least the past thirty years .
they talked about florence for a while , with marco rambling on about the sites and art and history of a place he knew only from a cheap guidebook ermanno had loaned him .
she had taught world history in high school for forty years and was now having a delightful time spending her retirement funds traveling to places she 'd only seen in textbooks .
she knew the place well and had known the two sons of old nino for many years .
back then he 'd been too busy to travel much , too important to leave the fragile workings of washington , but zurich was one of the few places he 'd seen .
all those treaties we signed -- - do you think places like iraq , libya , or north korea give a damn about them ?
he had seen the effects of an explosion in a place as confined as an air lock .
i suppose you ' ve been all over this place . ''
the family home is a house trailer in north memphis , in a place called tucker wheel estates . ''
but this place was n't so bad .
fib - bies dressed like doctors runnin ' all over the place .
this place is so crazy , i doubt if they ' ve missed me yet . ''
this place has quite a history , you know . '
a place like this , i figured there would be a pay phone in the office .
so i know a bunch of basic elementary - school facts like state capitals and how many grand slams lou gehrig hit and some basic high - school stuff like the constitutional amendments and the importance of antietam , but i do n't know much about the price of milk or how to work a pay phone or how different places look and smell .
the military had been integrated for forty years and she said she found it to be the most color - blind place in america .
i mean , if they knew he was a gambler , for instance , they might have crammed iou slips in his mouth or thrown playing cards all around the place .
multiple copies all over the place .
we printed the whole place , we took hair and fiber from everywhere including the sink and shower traps , like i said .
you should see that place .
it 's a beautiful place full of beautiful people .
it was one of the many places in america i had never visited .
it was a bigger place than i had expected , because green valley itself was bigger than i had expected .
` ` some places call them crowbars and some call them wrecking bars .
he graduated the point in fifty - two , and places like this one were all buttoned up by fifty - three , and they ' ve been the center of the universe for almost forty years .
these places are so dug in , you would n't believe it .
` ` but you like some places better than others . ''
there 's nothing there to suggest either one of them ever heard of any place called sperryville , virginia . ''
a place like that , if the room had n't been rented since kramer died , i was pretty sure the bed would n't have been changed either .
she was a real bitch and kept the place in an uproar .
it 's a beautiful place with gorgeous beaches and warm water .
` ` this place is about to change , nat .
` ` it 's a mighty big copier for this place .
old place , full of antebellum homes and confederate history .
` ` look , this place attracts strange people .
` ` this place makes me nervous , tarrance . ''
half the partners left for vacation on the sixteenth , so the place is a lot quieter . ''
but i like these places better . ''
he 's familiar with this place , so he figures with all these cheap motels on the beach it 's a great place to hide for a while .
he left the drizzle at wilbraham place and entered the foyer of the genteel wilbraham hotel , where he took a room every time usamriid sent him to a medical conference in london .
but kielburger would want to know what he had been doing in washington in the first place when he was supposed to be back at detrick , which would force him to reveal his clandestine meeting with bill griffin .
` ` i did n't exactly get a vacation brochure of the place , '' he said huffily .
i lived in those places .
this place is a veritable hell on earth right now ! '
' he has to be everything to run this place , ' said kendrick sharply .
' he said you had to be to - ` ` run this place '' , he said .
there are two hundred and thirty - six human beings in that horrible place , suffering as we as a people know only too well .
to the tables down at mary 's , to the place we love so well ... ' son of a bitch , you heard them ? '
it 's after five and this place is still a madhouse ! '
by the time the navy choppers arrived with marine assault troops , everyone on the place was frightened to death and waiting on the west beaches .
he allowed his gaze to drift to his destination , at the corner of waterloo place : the athenaeum club .
any more than you 'd pressured your titled friend to make sure that the qc came to his house party in the first place . ''
` ` i ' m from a lot of places , '' she said .
his program was designed to slow down that country 's brain drain - and prevent soviet scientists from taking up more lucrative employment in places like iraq , syria , and libya .
this place is a goddamn sieve . ''
americans , i think , do not like places that do not have postcards . ''
people say you 're the one person who might be able to tell us something about the place . ''
no place like it .
bringing a president into the congestion of a place like new york city posed extraordinary challenges .
and he was tired of the smell of the place , and the idiotic little procedures put in place by pencil pushers who read manuals on how to keep jails safe .
plus , in most jurisdictions , the doctors get sued because they prescribed the drug in the first place .
his last visit to this wretched place had been more than seven months earlier , a torturous dinner with rebecca 's parents .
it was wedged into the side of a hill , overlooking the busy harbor town of gustavia , a place bustling with traffic and tourists and all kinds of boats coming and going .
he 'd just spent eighteen hours in reedsburg , and was trying , quite unsuccessfully , to forget about the place .
* * * ford county was a peaceful place , filled with people who were either christians or claimed to be .
` ` it 's an embarrassment to the county , but , sadly , it 's the same in most places around here .
they refused to judge a place that had kept them in inferior schools , kept them on one side of the tracks , kept them from voting and eating in most restaurants and drinking water from the fountain on the courthouse lawn .
for the first six months i lived in clanton , i usually fled the place on weekends .
to run strong in a place where he has no base shows folks are fed up with mackey don .
but it was a very small place , and at times i felt suffocated .
` ` no place is as dangerous as clanton right now , '' i had replied .
maybe i was just so tired of the place that nothing seemed right about it .
i would present these to her on her porch , before we had lunch , then we would talk about the places they came from .
well , nothing else in this screwy place is running by the book . ''
` ` all the places showing up in those passports and other travel documents peter howell retrieved . ''
` ` why are we going to these places ?
` ` it 's a big place , man . ''
horrible calls , terrifying calls , from all over the place .
crazy students buzzing all over the place .
he 'll have this place covered as if there 's a skin around the street .
after driving all over the place checking the exit roads , he finally drove to fredericks 's house .
the whole leafy place gave off the feel of a gracious college , and smith could see many of its buildingseverything from nineteenth - century ornate to twenty - first - century sleekrising among the trees on either side of the street .
corsica was not one of his favorite places .
` ` josephine , napoleon 's first wife , was a creole from martinique , a place where voodoo and the magical arts flourished .
he was raised at a place called the cook institute - just a fancy name for an orphanage .
he 'd crossed into a place ruled only by revenge .
it 's a nice place . ''
he had seen more of her country than she ; he 'd been to places she 'd never heard of .
the settlement which produced the ninety million in the first place was extremely secret , and no one , with the exception of my client , his lawyers , and a handful of people at the justice department , knew exactly when or where the money was wired . ''
i ' m tired of this place . ''
then i cleaned up my mess , wiped up all the hair and whiskers because i knew they would go through the place with a fine - tooth comb , and i packed away the dye box and tubes .
it 's a small town of sixty thousand , a pretty place with friendly people , and we spent a month there mingling and showing our photos .
birck had been in the detention center several times visiting clients , and , as these places went , it was not bad .
the place was not quite as bad as atlanta , but by then i was thinking about suicide .
the heat was on , and he knew if he got caught he 'd be sent away to a tougher place .
naturally , the place is swarming with crooks , cons , and scam artists , and everyone is looking out for his own skin .
malcolm bannister is still an inmate , somewhere , but max baldwin is a free man with places to go and things to see .
dee ray had been in roanoke for three days and was tired of the place .
my cousin is still in prison , big sandy over in kentucky , a bad place .
my brother dee ray and i drove him to a rehab facility near akron , ohio , a tough place for serious addicts .
i glance at the dark , gloomy building with litter in the grass and weeds in the sidewalk , and i wonder how this pathetic place got the best of me .
and a few graduates leave this place without jobs because they want nothing more than a cubbyhole downtown with their name on the door .
i ' ve lived in this place for three years now , and at least half of these painful hours have been spent digging through old worn books searching for ancient cases to support primitive legal theories no sane lawyer has thought about in decades .
he runs this place with an iron fist , and he has a certain way of doing things .
but not mad enough to torch the place .
there are less than fifty people in the place .
each prospective juror fills out a card , giving such basic data as age , race , sex , place of employment , type of job and educational level .
he 's a nut from new york or some foreign place .
` ` he might be outside right now watching this place . ''
only in a backwater place like mississippi would you find such outdated lists of prospective jurors .
the morning belonged to durwood cable , or durr as he was known up and down the coast , a place he 'd never really left in his sixty - one years .
he would n't dare fly it at night , especially to a crowded place like miami , so they boarded a commuter flight at the gulfport municipal airport and flew to atlanta .
he flipped a coin and drove to lawrence , a place he 'd never seen .
` ` i like the place . ''
phoebe had worked briefly at mulligan 's with claire and beverly , then left the place under a cloud .
the place is like a mint .
i must say , though , new york 's apparently a dull place for you .
but to be honest with you , my job takes me all over the place . '
' has it anything to do with all that gossip , those lies she collected from paris ... and those places ? '
the red hair had faded and receded a bit , the once - freckled face was a little lined , he was wearing a two - thousand - dollar armani suit , and what the hell was he doing in zurich of all places ?
ben hartman knew his way around places like these .
here was a place that made soweto look like scarsdale .
he knew certain zurichers of power and influence , of course , but it was not a place where he had casual acquaintances .
` ` some of these international businessmen , you know , have second passports from places like panama or ireland or israel .
if for some reason you wanted to stay in town , it 's the most heterogeneous place you 'll find , thronged with strangers , new immigrants , artists , eccentrics of every persuasion . ''
then again , this place is populated with eccentrics . ''
` ` what do you think she meantca place ?
they 're all a hop and a skip from switzerland - that 's what these places got in common .
they 're all places you 'd go if you wanted to go to switzerland and maybe did n't want to have ` ` switzerland ' stamped on your passport .
` ` so long as they 're not coming from places like colombia , private flights get pretty much a free pass .
the man 's apartment was a fourth - floor walk - up in a dismal apartment building in vienna 's twelfth district , a small and dark place that smelled of stale cigarette smoke and cooking grease .
somebody threw up some plywood , chopped up the place , and made little apartments .
he was amused by the place .
by then , the wrecking ball was on its way , the closing had to take place , gantry was about to make a killing on the deal , so the memo was ignored and the eviction took place . ''
he grimaced at his old high school , a place he 'd never visited since he 'd left it .
but this place depresses me .
everyone has to be from somewhere , and clanton was not a bad place to call home .
we 'll need some of it now to finish fixing up the place , probably twenty - five thousand or so .
` ` had a bunch of kids , and they found money hidden all over the place , in his office , in his attic , in a utility shed behind his house , in his fireplace .
any chance you could watch the place tonight ? ''
` ` i ca n't get in the place .
` ` i like this place , aside from the food . ''
missouri is a nice place and all , but miles behind us when it comes to tort litigation .
` ` i did n't burn this place , '' ray finally said .
it prompted ray to offer the first words : ` ` this place is a boot camp . ''
traces of the germans were all over the place , but strangely , they had n't demolished any of the famous landmarks , any of the beloved buildings .
so they put up their posters all over the place .
moscow in 1934 was a gloomy , frightened , and mysterious place when stephen metcalfe , fresh from yale , first visited the city .
but you did n't mention anyone in moscow , though you did list moscow as one of the places you 'd visited .
the place smelled , not unpleasantly , of matches and beeswax candles and sweat .
moscow , november 1940 moscow had changed dramatically since the last time metcalfe had been there , and yet it was very much the same place .
that romanian fellow over there , i should n't tell you this , but he 's being treated for the clap , and let me tell you , moscow is not the place for vd treatments ; he has to fly out to stockholm every other week .
` ` this is my home , this terrible place that i love . ''
` ` the world is n't a pretty place .
a place similar to the original venetian republic , which , for centuries , was governed by men possessed of the mercantile ability of greeks and the audacity of romans - entrepreneurs who were at once businessmen , soldiers , governors , and statesmen .
what a place , by the way .
` ` this place is all gone , '' she muttered .
she 'd learned that the pamirs were a place of violent storms and earthquakes , of constant mists and soaring eagles .
in most places of the world , nobody would care about your sexual orientation .
` ` this place is different , '' ely said from the rear seat .
bank account shows money wiring out all over the damn place , then for three months money wiring back in from here .
flowers , of course , in vases , all over the place .
that road would take him straight down to the botanical gardens , which was a place he had never been , and a place he was pretty keen to visit .
that road would take him straight down to the botanical gardens , which was a place he had never been , and a place he was pretty keen to visit .
when this place wanted to be quick , it could be real quick .
no long - neck bottles in a place like this .
` ` it 's warming the place up . ''
then you got back and you figured the place had gone to shit while you were away .
` ` this is the only telephone in the place , '' he said .
` ` geographically , all over the place , literally .
people flopping around and bleeding all over the place , it would have created mass panic .
crowd scenes all over the place from new hampshire onward ?
and maybe impossible to answer them at all in a place like georgetown .
` ` the place is swarming with cops , '' froelich said .
probably one of those other places where they do n't have much of an accent . ''
he came down the stairs and stepped out into the night air and it hit him that for the first time in more than five years he was leaving a place carrying baggage .
that 's why he was picked in the first place .
they were stationed in alabama , some place that 's long gone .
' this place needed some fixing , ten years ago .
a place like this , a time like that , such things were not discussed .
the whole place was as barren as the surface of the moon , with much less to do .
there must be backhoes all over the place .
nebraska and other heartland states had been full of such places .
this place is humming . '
or more accurately they were seen in both places , in that remote seismograph needles flickered a little as they passed over a buried sensor .
to dale , jack had looked like a man who has come to a place he has never been before only to discover he is back home .
more strikingly , jack 's age seems no more relevant than his attractiveness : he has the air of having passed through lifetimes before this one , of having gone places and seen things beyond the scope of most other people .
the only reason the ace boy and whizbang had been on their turf in the first place was that he had just broken up with this extremely nice , or at least moderately nice , resident of malibu , ms . brooke greer , a screenwriter greatly esteemed within her genre , the action adventurecromantic comedy , also a person of remarkable wit , insight , and bodily charm , and as he sped homeward down the handsome stretch of the pacific coast highway below the malibu canyon exit he yielded to an uncharacteristically edgy spell of gloom .
` ` a kid in this place would stand out like a rose in a patch of poison ivy , if you know what i mean . ''
in the first place , all you saw was a policeman picking up a bike .
this is an old place , a dangerous place .
and it was , it was a very bad place .
the place was a ptomaine palace if ever there was one .
distances are shorter in the other place , this he remembers , but does time go faster as well ?
wendell hardly supposes that dale gilbertson will give him the run of the place , but it will be harder to throw him out than to turn him away .
the lobby of the nelson hotel always smells of the river it 's in the pores of the place but this evening the smell is heavier than usual .
a candidate for maxton 's , we might think , but andy railsback knows that place , and places like it .
a candidate for maxton 's , we might think , but andy railsback knows that place , and places like it .
` ` what else did they say about this place ? ''
you must like the place .
and the place is spooky .
` ` on account of it was a bad place , '' sonny interrupts .
to sonny , it seemed that malign , invisible presences haunted the place .
mouse was right on the money : this is a bad , bad place , right up there with the charming town of harko , illinois .
jack does n't like the look of the place much the stones remind him of ancient teeth .
wisconsin state police , fbi , vicap , database : these terms come out in good old american english , and in this place they sound unpleasant and foreign to jack 's ear .
it 's how that fucking place makes you feel .
but that place ... it 's a sick place .
but that place ... it 's a sick place .
` ` i saw a place like it a long time ago .
but a place like that , they would n't give a squirt if you pedaled in on a unicycle . ''
any place , as long as it 's not upstate new york .
nobody brought this possibility up to bradford 's constable , a johnny - come - lately who had lived in town for only twelve years and thought he owned the place .
you 're stinking the place up . ''
the place is on fire , his mind told him with spurious calmness .
the guys 'd laugh me right out of this place . ''
this place is getting worse than the freeway at rush hour . ''
mary anne strode out of her office with a bright face and a sheaf of papers on the various places we 'd see this afternoon .
` ` new orleans is a beautiful place , i envy her .
why he would love a woman who would live in a place that terrified her when she had adequate means to move , i do n't know , but he had that little smile that made me nuts .
but this was n't the place , and his mother was waiting out in the cold in the car for him to return .
he switched schools every other year , he 's always bouncing around the place . '
it 's gross , but it 's the least of all evils in this place . '
oliver was right , i was always better than this place , and now i never have to hide again .
stunk out the whole place .
he does n't ever interrupt , or pick on the nerdy kids , or swagger around like he owns the place ; instead , he has this air of mild embarrassment about him , as if he knows just how much wealth and privilege have been heaped upon his broad shoulders .
ugly things should n't happen in a place this beautiful .
` ` you were right about this place . ''
` ` three years in that place . ''
even six months in this place has been unbearable , but year after year after year stretching into the distant black future ... ?
first : the port city of vladivostok , which was a vast improvement over the deserts of war - torn afghanistan - though he 'd never add this frigid place to his list of retirement locations .
kazan 's not as bad as the old soviet - era naukograds , their closed science cities , but large swaths of the place do fall under the jurisdiction of the ministry of defense . ''
a couple of hours before dawn , tucker reached the small town of dimitrovgrad , a place that had never strayed far from its soviet - era roots .
` ` the only problem is i could find no reference to a place called grietje 's well .
` ` i questioned one of the men before he died , but the only piece of information i got was a place called the wolverine hills .
one good thing about coming to a little - known place like the wolverines - the wildlife will be abundant .
this place makes me sick . ''
rachael looked at will , but he shook his head , whispered , ` ` an old place like this makes all kinds of noise .
this place was so remote not even radio waves got through .
` ` something awful happened in this place . ''
` ` i hate this place , '' abigail said .
as i stared at my old home , part of me thought , fuck this place .
horace felt certain he was hallucinating but he stood there and listened as andrew called the north carolina department of transportation and inquired about the ferry schedules from the mainland to a place called ocracoke island .
imagining what winter might be like in this place .
his family slept , cole burrowed into his side completely under the sleeping bag , and jack let them sleep , a temporary escape from the diamond - cut hardness of this place .
sam pauses to have a smoke , and when he finally exhales , says , ` ` it surprises me that you would want to see this place again . ''
there are two sides to this place , just like there are two sides to me , and sometimes i wonder if there are two sides to everything .
stuff like this should happen in other places because they are n't good communities . ''
lily , evan , and i , the things they did to us for years until lily got a hold of a match , struck it , and the whole place started to burn .
` ` this place is so ...
not too different , though , which ruled out poached - at least in a place like this .
` ` this place will ruin you . ''
` ` did this place ruin you ? ''
` ` i ' m not scared of this place .
` ` let 's just say that i have the rare ability to be dissatisfied wherever i am , '' michael said , ` ` although i ' m starting to think this place has its perks . ''
` ` seems a very tawdry place . ''
what i ' m saying is , the place was a pit : our grand nassau fort crumbled , great cracks along its walls ; our shanty houses were falling down ; our stocks and stores were badly kept and in disarray , and as for our privies - well , i know i ' ve not exactly spared you the gory details of my life so far , but that 's where i draw the line .
no , not from the privies , though that was bad enough , let me tell you , but the smell that hung over the whole place , emanating from the stacks of rotting animal hides pirates had left on the shore .
ten years later she was still young but missing was that spark , that rebellious streak that made her run away in the first place .
the foulness of the place contrasted with the beautiful countryside in which it was situated .
still , he should never have sent that rascal salai back from amboise to run the place . ''
` ` i told you i had plans to do something about this place , '' la volpe said thoughtfully .
he understood what a backwater that place would seem to a woman like her .
` ` do you know the place ? ''
` ` from that place ?
it was a prosperous and booming place , but none of the three - ezio , leonardo , or machiavelli - was familiar with it .
his last port of call was at his friend leonardo 's workshop , but when he got there he found only agniolo and innocento about , and the place had the look of being closed up .
venice is a far better place now than it ever was , because of you .
` ` how to run the place better . ''
` ` how to run the place .
he did n't know whether the sadness had something to do with his father , his mother , miss powell , this place , or dave holding that hand so steady as he stood in the window , but whatever caused it one of those things or all of them it would never , he was sure , come back out again .
get put on an eighteen - month waiting list so they could move into a place where stairwells smelled like piss , and rat corpses rotted their stench straight through moldy walls , and junkies and switchblade artists roamed the halls , waiting for your white ass to fall asleep .
she wanted to shed this place the way you 'd shed clothes you 'd been wearing during a thundershower .
so jimmy remembered pete looking him dead in the eyes and swearing he 'd never deal out of this place , and jimmy knew it was true .
you felt it in your soul , no place else .
` ` i mean , yeah , jim , i was in the place and so was she .
sean saw this place and he saw death , or at least a depot en route , and it was n't just that he hated to think of his parents here biding their time until the day someone needed to drive them to the doctors he hated to think of himself here or someplace like it .
` ` i always liked this place . ''
he said to chuck , ` ` heard much about this place ? ''
you should see the place . ''
` ` so how much do you really know about this place , boss ? ''
he says , ' teddy , that place is something else entirely .
this place is fucking scary , teddy .
he saw what kind of money was being funneled to this place , and he did n't like it .
the kid took some time considering that , and teddy could feel the previous two years of his life - losing dolores , honing in on laeddis , finding out about this place , stumbling across george noyce and his stories of drug and lobotomy experiments , making contact with senator hurly , waiting for the right moment to cross the harbor like they 'd waited to cross the english channel to normandy - all of it hanging in the balance of this kid 's pause .
` ` you know , '' the kid said , ` ` i ' ve worked a few rough places .
jails , a max prison , another place was also a hospital for the criminally insane ... '' he looked at the door and his eyes widened as if with a yawn except that his mouth did n't open .
worked some places .
` ` you told me i 'd be free of this place .
you see that place .
she and the kids needed a break from this place , so they took a week 's vacation .
he could see the place .
if you got that piece of paper back to senator hurly - proof of a sixty - seventh patient we claim to have no record of - you could have blown the lid off this place . ''
shows no remorse for his crime because his denial is such that no crime ever took place .
a radical idea , even for this place , but i 'd hoped it would work . ''
you hear it most when politicians who live in places like hyannis port and beacon hill and wellesley make decisions that affect people who live in dorchester and roxbury and jamaica plain , and then step back and say there is n't a war going on .
i 'd have to move to montana or kansas or iowa or one of those places where i imagine it 's so boring no one would want to wield political influence .
before , when this place was a slightly drab , slightly bluesy romantic locale , and not a simple reality .
` ` your old man , kenzie , the hero fireman , he come to places like this ? ''
same thing in d and e. we tried some places in east boston , chelsea , revere nada .
` ` probably not going to be easy getting to them with socia 's people all over the place . ''
` ` place must have changed a lot in ten years . ''
` ` this place looks just the fucking same . ''
` ` dealing with this place .
maybe this place was n't so bad .
angie said , adjusting the focus on her binoculars and peering through them at the lighted windows of jay 's condo in whittier place .
they 're forced to confront the deficiencies of character that drove them to a dump like this in the first place .
without him , i'da busted up the place . ''
i cut through the parking ramp under devonshire place , took a left on water , rolled through post office and liberty squares , and found broussard leaning against a street lamp in front of a deli .
but we 're pretty sure- '' ` ` fifty - nine , who was covering devonshire place with you ?
the world is a terrible place , they thought .
` ` when i was a kid , my daddy 'd take me hunting in the mountains not far from where i grew up , place called boone , north carolina .
` ` but the place in plymouth 's probably a lot more heavily fortified , '' angie said .
` ` he 's got encyclopedic knowledge of this place .
it reminds him too much of group homes and orphanages and prisons , places he 's called home for roughly half his time on earth .
even if amanda had never been kidnapped in the first place , with helene for a mother , her chances of growing up a healthy , well - adjusted child were somewhere in the neighborhood of a hundred million to one .
the north end was predominantly italian and poor , a place where rats grew to the size of butchers ' forearms and infants often died before their fi rst steps .
they got jobs all over the place .
you think any place is going to be better than here ?
hate that place . ''
luther considered staying a step behind her , so he 'd appear to be her valet or something similar , but then he remembered why he was going back to tulsa in the first place , what he 'd seen in that mob , and he kept abreast of her , his head high , his eyes clear and looking straight ahead .
joe remembered him because he 'd looked so frail one could only imagine the horrors this place had foisted upon him over the years .
joe doubted the old fella was as tuned to the pulse of the place as he imagined himself to be , but he saw no harm in saying , ` ` i will .
it was dark gray in most places but it turned the sky brown and the earth black .
you told yourself this place would n't eat your soul .
as soon as maso left this place behind , he could very easily leave joe behind .
when cubans go out on a friday night , they want to go to a place where they can dress up , a place that makes them feel like they are back in havana , a place with style .
when cubans go out on a friday night , they want to go to a place where they can dress up , a place that makes them feel like they are back in havana , a place with style .
not sixty percent - the whole place .
` ` it would n't have to be a big place .
we saw tilbury fort , and remembered the spanish armada ; gravesend , woolwich , and greenwich , places which i had heard of even in my country.am at length we saw the numerous steeples of london , st . paul 's towering above all , and the tower famed in english history .
what a scene has just taken place !
` ` i ' ve seen those places .
she was born to haunt this place .
` ` i do n't want to live in a place where i have to hold my own .
the sheer immensity of the castle was staggering , and she was in the bowels of this foul place .
` ` i ' m taking emma from this place tonight . ''
after a few part - time appointments elsewhere , she 'd applied for a number of permanent positions here - she 'd seen out her schooldays in this city , and felt it was the nearest place she had to a home .
i prefer places like this to boarding houses and hotels .
it was an excuse for her to take the blame for what had taken place , and decker was searching his mind for something to say to take away that blame when she continued , ` ` anyway , stephanie wanted to ride with me rather than crammed into my dad 's van with our brothers and sisters . ''
the last thing she recalled was rolling around in the back of the suv with decker - a rather poor description of what had taken place , dani acknowledged .
the country definitely was not a quiet place , eshe decided grimly as something banged against the base of the door several times .
` ` this place reminds me of armand 's , '' bricker commented as they met at the front of the vehicles to start toward the house .
` ` sort of , '' he ground out , and she knew that while he would no longer be cramping from lack of blood , the healing would be taking place and he probably had one hell of a headache .
alex watched it unhappily , wondering if she would ever leave this place ... alive .
it was bad enough when i started having erotic dreams all over the place , but if i ' m going to run around attacking my poor g*y friends- '' she closed her eyes and raised a hand to rub her forehead , muttering with dismay , ` ` god , next i 'll be kissing bethany or something . ''
afterward , they walked along the harbor , discussing places they both knew in toronto , and places she 'd been to here in st . lucia as well as places he thought she should see .
she 'd guess it had taken place in the fifties or sixties .
he hated the place .
` ` how about this place ? ''
` ` you ' ve seen this place , reichen .
and i do n't want to hear that you ' ve been telling any tedious tales around the place .
the silk wallpaper in yellow and rose and silver and blue , the ormolu tables and giltwood armchairs , the clocks and mirrors and porcelains ... ... with every step he took farther into the house , to his main salon , he was reminded of the good of the place .
he had missed the place .
gentles the place . ''
it also meant he might be just as glad to leave this place .
oh , andfumigating means that he 's gassing the place .
same old crazy place .
the forest was aterrible place .
this place is like a city , maggie thought .
it was probably safer for quesnel to be out of town and away from society , but professor lyal had a soft spot for the little ragamuffin , and would miss seeing him around the place .
there were even little bitter bits of rind scattered about the place : the dense clouds of tobacco smoke emanating from various cafes and an overabundance of unfortunates begging from the church steps .
i 'd read it more times than i could remember , and although i sneered at the thought of a magical land with friendly , talking animals , there were times when i wished , in my most secret moments , that i could find a hidden door that would take us all out of this place .
this place is n't so bad , really .
` ` yeah , the world 's an awful place , and it 's full of people who would as soon put a knife in my back as shake my hand .
` ` this place is a right mess , is n't it ?
` ` salazar 's coven will be all over the place , the vampire elite , his handpicked personal guard . ''
i ca n't tell you how good it is to be out of that place , miss nitt .
' and the place is all the better for it ! '
they do n't like places that do n't stay the same .
' this place is reacting to what she 's thinking ? '
even when he was small there 'd been a part of him that thought the temple was a silly boring place , and tried to make him laugh when he was supposed to be listening to sermons .
there 's guards all over the place . '
' we 'll burn that ungrateful place to the ground , ' moaned the countess , landing heavily .
she 'll brighten the place up- ' ' she 's coming back to lancre with us , you bastard ! '
the place smelled like industrial cleaners , sweat , and stress .
sure , she could scream the place down , but this was morganville .
` ` did n't know about this place , '' ysandre remarked .
it is such a barbaric place .
i was just pondering , do you think there might be ghosts in this place ?
who would have thought a backwater place like this could possess anything so modern ?
he works on building sites all over the place , so he 's often late .
` ` i 'd almost forgotten what this place looks like , '' he said .
` ` you might not think much of this place but i do .
the world was just a messed up place .
being in this place made you believe that we were all pebbles in a much bigger pond .
it was mid - morning on a saturday and the place was starting to pick up .
it was the only reason we let you attend a regular school in the first place .
that was the entire reason the adams cleansed places when they left , so their never - ending youth would n't start people asking the wrong questions .
if anyone should feel guilty , it 's the people who sent him up there in the first place .
i bit my lip , and decided , right there and then , to get the hell out of this place as soon as possible .
` ` this place is a house of horrors , '' crash muttered behind him , tossing the disks into a crate to be destroyed .
wait , what if this place wasn't - the good place ?
or like being a kid lost in a strange place , cold and bewildered , and then suddenly hearing your mother 's voice .
this place was ... she groped for adjectives .
of course , he had been moved around since , but he was semiretired now , and they let him go where he wanted , the place he had grown to love .
we hope you are able to stay for a long visit and maybe look upon this place as your home when you are not traveling . ''
maybe it was n't happening as fast as mikhail liked , but change was taking place .
it would make me happy if you left this place .
he knew what it had cost julian in time and energy to repair such a near - mortal injury , and he had no intention of tearing the knitting gash before complete healing could take place .
` ` your guests will not remember anything took place . ''
he seemed to think of everything for her comfort and she was grateful , because this place brought back too many horrific memories .
no one was ever going to understand what it cost her to come to this place , to be haunted by the torment of that young child .
we have a beautiful daughter and this place and that is enough .
i ' m a firm believer in avoiding trouble if at all possible and this place is definitely trouble , but i could n't stop myself from coming here .
of course the world is a big place and maybe more still live .
he wanted to take her away from this place , back to his homeland , where the healers and the soil would have a chance to work their magic on her .
` ` this place is my home and you no longer belong here .
and something about this particular help - wanted ad had jumped out at her , drawn her to this place , these people , as if it was meant to be .
the places i come from do n't breed saints . ''
` ` there is no need to fear this place , honey .
the music was dreamy , unbelievable in such a place .
` ` you should see this place , '' the radio crackled in their ears .
they were spraying the area with bullets now and deliberately sweeping the chemicals , so explosions were going off all over the place .
where the heck are the telephones in this place ?
he wanted to wrap her up in the protection of his arms and take her for all time away from this place of death and misery .
you know that 's what this place is all about . ''
i need to get juliette to a place where she is safe while the conversion takes place and where i can heal her fully . ''
` ` i love this place , riordan .
` ` leave this evil place .
when we got there , the place was going up in flames , and two of our people were dead .
in this place there have been many deaths , few of them pleasant .
it was becoming more difficult as computers and travel made the world a much smaller place .
solange knew human trafficking had become a major problem in other places , but here , in her world , it had been going on for centuries , thanks to the leaders of her people .
` ` far away from this place .
` ` this place brings you comfort . ''
` ` you can not escape this place .
` ` how did you get out of that place ?
seriously , think about leaving this place . ''
esteban was avoiding the law , but i 'd never really heard of this place .
a place like that draws the supernatural to it .
the institution was a terrible place .
` ` i can take you places no other man can take you and always i will keep you safe .
` ` as they did in other places as well , '' byron said .
it is better to take your lifemate and leave this place .
all the more reason to get the hell out of this place asap .
what the fuck was he doing , holing up in this godforsaken place , keeping a woman against her will in the other room ?
i never wanted to see this place again . ''
` ` i mean , look at this place .
this place seems nervous and i do n't want to bring anymore suspicion toward us .
` ` too big of a place , i guess .
` ` then this place is no better than the colony , '' i say .
` ` that place , '' he says , ` ` is something you might not want to remember . ''
` ` i never understood the appeal of that place . ''
` ` yeah , but nobody gives a shit about this place . ''
esme had n't said anything , but she 'd thought to herself that it would n't be so bad washing clothes and scrubbing floors if she could live in a place like that .
there were places you did not go alone and at night , but the marigny had never been one of them .
there 's something truly messed - up about this place , sean .
` ` man , that place must have been a f**king nightmare .
this place never used to scare you .
` ` i have n't thought of the place - or ellie 's dislike of it - in a very long time .
` ` we have to get rid of the collar if the boy stands any chance of leaving this place , '' he told corinne .
whether noblewoman or slave , she was clearly not accustomed to a place this harsh .
once she reached the exit and the wind hit her face like a slap , she slurred , ` ` fuggin ' hate this place ! ''
in turn , carrow was pressuring malkom to help them escape this place , but he kept blowing her off .
caitlyn had been warned never to come near this place .
` ` i ' ve lost one daughter to this foul place .
` ` there 's nothing wrong with this place . ''
and a few places willing to make exceptions . ''
` ` you need to tell your pals that if any of you think i ' m leaving this place without ackmeyer , you ' ve got another thing coming . ''
i could n't risk that you 'd be anywhere near the place when it blew . ''
she tried to tell herself that this place , these people who lived and had now died here , were not hers to worry about .
not the prettiest of places to visit , that was for sure .
i was still in as much awe of the place as i 'd been when i first came here so many months ago .
the whole place was white , in fact .
this place was like a newly found candy store to a hungry kid .
` ` i said suss the place out , not beat them up .
this place got any more interesting , and she 'd have to raid an old cinema for popcorn .
what is this place doing to me ?
there 's no place like home , i thought , feeling the hum of the line i was standing in and wondering whether it would help if i clicked my heels .
the place had always had a mad scientist - meets - jules verne flair to it , but now it really did - in a totally good way .
because the place stank , bad .
there are vampires , witches , and fey all over the place .
` ` i have to live here , in this filthy place , with a bunch of rodents and garbage , but i ' m still able to keep up with what 's going on in the afterlife . ''
the casual visitor never knew , at least during the daytime , that this place was so vastly screwed up .
i know you do n't like the place , but - ` ` ` ` i like it better than eve does , trust me .
i felt like a leper , and leaned against the warm van and crossed my arms over my chest , remembering why my folks always took us to big cities or places like disney world on vacation .
yes , we were rescuing jenks 's son , not robbing the place , but they would still throw our butts in jail if we were caught .
she 's been keeping me warm , and if i leave , that mean old witch who owns the place will find her again and call the pound .
officers were all over the place , securing the area before anyone could follow me out .
so you can see that it was not easy to look for frogs in such a big place .
` ` this is a ghastly place , ` ` she said .
the only reason she 'd rented us a room in the first place was because it was against the law to discriminate against nonhumans - and because having werewolves in the building had the fortunate side effect of keeping vermin away .
it was n't a place that appreciated individualism , and i just could n't imagine liander bowing to conformity .
` ` i 'd suggest jack knows more about what goes on in this place than most of the directors . ''
` ` you may think of yourself as little more than a paper pusher , but the truth is , you work in a sensitive area and know more about the workings of the place than most of the directors .
` ` i have no doubt he 's hiding under our noses , but i do n't think this place is it . ''
( claire had tried , unsuccessfully , to get across the concept that if anything would kill her budding academic career worse than being a transfer student at one of those places , it was being a transfer student from texas prairie university .
she could almost hear her mother saying , honey , it 's just that you 're in a strange place .
you know how that place is . ''
claire kept walking quickly toward the math building ; she knew for a fact that monica would n't be caught dead - or killing anybody - in a place that geeky .
` ` paula and i are going out to piscary 's for some lunch before the sun goes down and the place fills up with undead vamps .
though she lived in new york now , grace had grown up in a little town in south carolina , a place known for its friendliness and politeness to strangers .
` ` i hate this place , '' she muttered .
the very idea of a lady of good breeding visiting such a place .
you would n't believe what it took to chivy her out of that place .
i wondered how anyone could ever look at this place and not suspect its students were a bunch of freaks .
` ` yeah , well , it does n't look like your uncle could keep you out of this place , '' taylor fired back .
i 'd hoped for classes on how to do spells , but according to jenna , those classes were only taught at the ` ` real '' prodigium schools , the fancy places where powerful prodigium sent their kids .
i 'd hated this place when i first came here , but i was actual y going to miss it this summer .
this place is just ... different . ''
cal blinked at the subject change , but then said , ` ` this place freaks me out . ''
but other than that , the two places could not have been more different .
` ` if i 'd had any idea that this place would be so dangerous for you ... '' ` ` yeah , '' daisy said , coming to stand beside jenna .
some of those places lose six kids in , like , a week . ''
it 's nice to have a real wit about the place again . ''
she cared about this place . ''
this place might be hideous , but it was also freedom .
` ` imagine growing up in a place like this , '' she said .
` ` it 's hard on any kid growing up in a place like this . ''
nobody should have to grow up in that kind of place .
mam had come to this cursed place for will , to save her son .
for a place full of immortality , the lore seemed to be rife with loss .
` ` i ' ve got ta get ghost from this place .
` ` i 'd jump the moon if that 's what it took to get out of this place . ''
` ` so , did this place do anything to you ? ''
truth was , i did need to sleep , though i very much doubted i 'd be able to when in two hours ' time i 'd be heading back to a place that had snatched eight days of my life away .
` ` having a casual stroll around the place was n't exactly a priority when i woke naked in the alley . ''
` ` regardless of the fact i got your ass out of that place ? ''
for years , i ' ve been hoping he 'd break out and run away from that place .
` ` this place is a zoo .
i was nervous as hell to be there , but i could n't leave without taking a few shots of the place . ''
you mean , she actually went in the goddamn place ? ''
it did n't look like the calm , orderly place claire remembered , though ; the lights were all out , and the shops and restaurants that bordered it were closed and empty .
but she felt unreasonably cheered by the idea that the vampires were n't out wandering out in the daylight , spontaneously combusting all over the place .
the family stayed on , but it was a miserable place after that .
it was a dreadful , wicked place , where only the dreadful and wicked could prosper .
` ` it 's a tragic place . ''
after a couple of years in this place , the magic turns humans immortal , and our hair starts to glow .
` ` there 's no escaping this place .
but just like in barcelona , new york , rome , and the many other places he visited , he had nt found a home in dullsville .
` ` some places are just too scary to visit . ''
unless the fucker was compromised in some way , it should have tweaked to the fact that there were vampires all around the place .
` ` this place ... you 're saddened by it . ''
happened around four a.m. , so if you get off your asses and head there as soon as night falls , you might find them still throwing up all over the place .
but i ' m glad you dusted the place .
when xhex took form again , it was in front of an apartment building downtown in the old meatpacking district -- although building was probably too kind a word for the place .
there could be a nuclear bomb shower along the northeast coast and the place would still be solid .
jeez , in a place like this , you could n't tell the sexes apart - everyone had bird - wing hand gestures and nail polish on .
there was one and only one reason he 'd come here , and it was the same for the other goths in the place .
it 's sure as hell not a place i like to visit often .
garbed in combat gear , tegan headed straight for the mansion 's front vestibule , eager to get the fuck out of the place .
row upon row of twenty - story concrete high - rise eyesores towered over this former east berlin sector , which only added to the general malaise of the place .
instead of the clinical stench of that place , he smelled old wood and brick , a hint of fresh paint as well , coming from somewhere overhead ... and nearby , the odor of a recent death .
` ` your mom sure would love this place , honey .
she 'd heard they often ran in packs around these places .
not so in this place .
you were too good for that place , anyway .
` ` however , if there happened to be another barrel of beer around the place , you know , good stuff , the stuff you 'd keep for your friends if you had any friends , then i ' m sure we can forget this little incident .
` ` not a nice place , i think , '' she said , feeling stupid .
` ` it was not a nice place , yes .
a very nasty place , '' said tonker .
they were crammed with strange stories about places she 'd never heard of , and pictures of people she did n't recognize .
` ` hah , even the rats 'd have to disguise themselves as washerwomen to get in that place !
she knew about these places .
` ` it was n't a nice place ! ''
this place did n't allow vampires in any way , shape or form .
he 's not helped you get out of the place completely , has he ?
` ` the underworld is n't a bad place .
this amazing place would be hard for any mortal to absorb .
the place is difficult enough to keep clean as it is .
sam uley is the best thing that ever happened to this place , as far as he 's concerned . ''
as soon as i reached the beach , i wished i had n't comei 'd already had enough of this place .
` ` pretty soon , there will be young salvatores all over the place .
but it was the sort of place cultured city romans expect to be horrible - very far away from the capital and full of barbarians .
` ` it could n't be a better place .
you will find such places .
i had never thought there could be a place as beautiful as tuscany , but maybe this place was beautiful too .
i had never thought there could be a place as beautiful as tuscany , but maybe this place was beautiful too .
the place was beginning to get to him , he had to admit .
the dark dimension 's a big place . ''
mind telling me what we 're doing in amazonia , of all places ?
` ` i bluidy hate this place . ''
` ` i think he 's long gone from this place . ''
` ` you 'll never leave this place !
that had been the vilest place garreth could ever have imagined .
` ` this place kinda sucks , '' cooper said , and melissa nodded , happy to agree with him .
getting out of that place on a regular basis would have been hell .
` ` this place is drenched in it . ''
` ` will your people help mine escape this place ? ''
` ` i have noticed this place is run like a dictatorship . ''
this place is older than that .
these were the places we 'd visited together .
and everyone knows that this place has a ghost : mary evans .
` ` she feels tied to this place , '' anderson said , pointing his pencil at the laptop .
okay , so everyone knows that this place has a ghost , and- '' ` ` and you guys are going to slap on your tinfoil hats and get rid of it ? ''
` ` isolde , are you ... are you saddened to be leaving this wretched place so soon ? ''
time away had made him forget what it had been like to be in this place .
` ` bustling place , eh ? ''
if he was half the warrior he had pledged himself to be , he would sweep alex out of this place and get her the hell back home , never to see or hear from him again .
just go into the place and get the stuff ?
it 's a beautiful place , by the way .
` ` the place where we all live , '' laylen spits .
` ` this place looks different , '' i said .
there were mannequins all over the place , dressed in costumes from every century and continent , from a primitive loincloth to the most outrageous modern fashion accessories .
` ` historians would go crazy in this place , '' i noted .
rumor had it , he had only lived in london a comparatively short while - and he had relocated from scotland of all barbaric places .
her stomach was the reason she had sneaked away in the first place .
all the london ton acknowledged scotland as a barbaric place .
strange place , that overseas land , where religion and wealth did the talking and history and age held so little sway .
` ` this place is all madness .
and in some places the ratio was particularly unbalanced .
` ` look , there 's probably something we can do about this place , '' eric said , glancing around again .
it was alien in its high - tech design , a far cry from anything she 'd ever seen in rural alaska or any of the places she 'd been in the lower forty - eight .
` ` when you have no one and nothing , you can vanish and it 's like you never existed in the first place . ''
and the way he 'd hightailed it out of the place did n't leave a lot of room for doubt , either .
she knew he hated the cold of this place , yet he 'd been the one to suggest the trip north .
another place , then another , and maybe twenty ... thirty years we go home as a cousin , the son , or someone else .
` ` so it seems , '' i said , still a bit stunned over what had just taken place .
because of me , keith had gone to re - education in the first place .
that idea turned out to be a huge part of wolfe 's philosophy : avoidance of danger in the first place .
but then , going out in pajamas was n't really practical in any place .
` ` sydney i know how attached you are to this place and these people , but it 's not safe for you here .
this place was unnerving even in the light .
it 's not a place you tell parents about .
` ` everybody in the whole place is , basically .
this entire place is a snare , a gigantic venus ' flytrap , she thought as she took off her coat and added it to a pile on the floor .
this dark and deadly underworld was exactly why alexander left romania in the first place .
i have heard of a lovely new place that gets its vodka straight from st . petersburg and freezes it in a fancy little ice - bottle ... . '' she prattled on , leading me through what i had thought was my city , but new york with lexi was an entirely different animal .
she had nt felt that scared when shed stared into vampire eyeswell , maybe once or twice , because morganville was a scary place , generally , and the vampires were pretty terrifying .
iwasnt in a real good place ; i do nt remember some of that .
normal life , such as it passed for in a place like morganville .
probably that goth whore lighting candles all over the place .
i d say you were a short way from home , but everythings far from this place , he said .
because if it was , the place was on fire .
i saw a programme about places like this .
` ` my world is a horrible and yet beautiful place , jacob .
what a violent place atlantis was .
` ` acting as king of the place , already ? ''
real spooky , like a haunted house this place .
who wound the clocks of this place that they knew the hour ?
true , he 'd seen wealth in europe such as he could never have imagined , but nothing equaled the flawless surface of this small and overpopulated place , even to the san francisco peasantry , whose tiny stucco cottages were choked with luxuries of every description .
there was war in this place , true war .
this was no village ; it was a place of hovels and shacks , of hopelessness .
the misery of the place was like a gas , poisoning me as i stood there .
we told the messenger with all respect that we could not leave the place where we had been born , that no witch of our family had ever left here , and we begged him to tell this to the king and queen .
merely the unchanging history of this bloody place , where violence has flourished for four hundred years as flowers flourish ; though the vision of the hills rising into the mist could break the heart .
it is working and working and its work is inevitable ; it is the continuance of the fusion which has taken place ; that is why the sun hurts it , for it is using all of its energy to do what it must do ; and it can not endure the sun 's heat coming down upon it . '
how could we get free of this place ?
` ` and so i journeyed from india to egypt , which to me has always been a hateful place .
and the tourists crowding the cafe du monde where the riverfront taverns had been ; those lovely nasty places where the hunting was irresistible and the women were as tough as the men .
this place has spooks - or did once .
he 'd been thinking only about himself , while little bonnie - fragile bonnie , his little redbird - had been shut up in this filthy place .
this place - it was unwholesome .
she had to get all three of them out of this place .
but it 's not a good place . ''
the whole place is a giant slum and freakshow - sort of like a rundown vegas . ''
` ` it does n't sound like a very nice place . ''
` ` that place full of new age lunatics ?
she would learn that in a way , the guardians were the rulers of the dark dimension , although they themselves came from another place far away and it was almost as if they had permanently occupied this little slice of hell , trying to impose order on the slum king and feudal lords who divided the city among themselves .
` ` does this place have a moon ? ''
` ` burn the place down if they wo n't turn him out ! ''
` ` when you get down to it , i was the one who put stefan here in the first place , '' damon said tiredly .
bright lights , plenty of parties ... why , if i were a younger man without responsibilities , i would n't be able to tear myself away from the place . ''
it reminded me a bit of some of the towns i 'd seen when i 'd taken a train from new orleans to new york city - places so decimated by the war that no one was left .
amsterdam is an exciting place , swarming with young people from all over the new homogenized europe , a city that never sleeps .
how did it all start why did you leave out the explanation for why there was ever a big bang in the first place , or what precisely happened when the minerals and other inert compounds suddenly evolved into organic cells what about the great gap in the fossil record ' i laughed delightedly .
it 's quite a civilized place , an old place .
it 's quite a civilized place , an old place .
what happened to him after he was hi your body did he realize what had taken place ?
you must remember in those years that paris was a wonderfully civilized place .
and then what will i do pick up a kitchen knife - for the place has such things , though god knows i never had need of a kitchen - and slit my mortal throat no .
here one saw the poverty everywhere - the haphazard wooden houses on stilts , the pedestrians on the borders of the road , the old rusted automobiles , and the total absence of any evidence of affluence , making of course for a quaintness in the eye of the outsider , but something of a hard existence perhaps for the natives , who had never gathered together enough dollars to leave this place , even perhaps for a single day .
there was something almost poignant in the way he sat there , face slightly uplifted , apparently enjoying this dark and fairly ordinary and certainly ugly little place .
it is the final triumph of the savage garden , and not all the scientists of civilization will ever classify every species of painted butterfly or speckled cat or flesh - eating fish or giant coiling snake , which thrives in this place .
i was unable to tear my eyes off him , yet my heart was throbbing from what had only just taken place .
why that price , especially now when i am alive as never before lord god , surely you grasp the magnitude of what 's taken place !
don '' t keep valuables in it , this place is too full of coppers .
you wouldn '' t try keeping sheep in places where all the sheep got eaten by wolves , right ?
i bet in a few weeks '' time a couple of blokes in overalls will be able to walk out of the place with a big white roll under their arms and no one '' d think twice about it , ` ` cos they '' d , like , be thinkin '' the muriel had been pinched weeks before . ''
you had your watch houses with the big blue lights outside , and you made certain there were always burly watchmen visible in the big public places , and you swanked around like you owned the place .
in fact in most places the dwarfs hadn '' t so much mined as cleaned house , taking away the silt , tunnelling from one ancient , dripping room to another .
the place is full of those damn glow beetles .
that mine is a very unhappy place . ''
they had maids in this place and she darned his socks .
there '' s about two hundred and fifty square miles of the place .
a real war in ankh - morpork would wreck the place !
` ` this damn place is getting to me , i don '' t mind admitting it . ''
young sam had been installed in the old nursery of the house , a rather sombre place full of greys and browns .
two cultural heroes were down there in the cavern , and all it needed was one good storm and a few misplaced blockages for a white flood laden with grinding boulders to wipe the whole place away .
it 's not a nice place , so hot and smelly .
she completed her tour at her father 's feet , at which point , operating on some infant memory , she attempted to try to ride the ladybug that had caused the accident in the first place , all the while avoiding her parents ' grasp .
` ` one stray spark and this place would go up like dry paper . ''
` ` the world 's a small place .
no boarding school in luxembourg could ever compete with this place , she thought .
` ` you 're too good to be in a place like this . ''
you do n't know what it means to be bane and survive in this place .
this place is going to hell in a hand basket and he does n't care .
he probably had two hundred dollars in his back pocket and i 'd have to work for eons in a place i hated because of his stupid antics .
` ` i 'd offer you a ride to work , but we have places to be , '' trevor teased .
` ` what 's so bad about this place ? ''
he told the princes of his association with the cirque du freak , the places he 'd been , the people he 'd met .
she still had more than half a cocktail in her glass , but at the mere mention of yakut 's name , she seemed suddenly in a big hurry to get out of the place .
how else could she explain the wrenching wish she 'd had that nikolai might have taken her out of this place when he 'd left today ?
i do not always hang about this place .
` ` nobody dares to make trouble in this place , '' he said , and then both of them were gone .
` ` a fine place indeed , and we could use another scholar .
if only the sun coming in the high little windows of this airy place would stop baking my eyeballs and burning my hands .
i knew that things human would lose all love of this place , as they had lost their love of so many ruins in the country round .
blew shit all over the place .
` ` because he thinks he has to protect me , and i ' m going places he ca n't , '' i said .
she 'd never thought she 'd miss the creepy place so badly , but now she 'd give anything to go back .
here she was free , when she 'd thought she 'd die in that place .
in some places , they were just the totem spirits who demanded human sacrifice , but in others ... '' he searched through the parchments , selected one .
this place was similar to new hampshire , only it had the distinct tang of salt water in the air .
` ` i do n't live any specific place .
` ` lovely places . ''
` ` there are probably cameras all over the place .
you look kind of overdressed for this place . ''
if there was such a thing as a hell - mouth , this place stood on it .
` ` i take it the death business does n't pay too well , so you moonlight as a cook here in this place . ''
the world 's an ugly place , and apparently many people think it 's easier and better to take from others than it is to earn it themselves . ''
obviously , this place had a whole different code of conduct than what he was used to .
unlike her , he 'd known the horrors of that place firsthand .
all his life , he 'd walked past the shops at canal place and wondered what it 'd be like to have enough money to shop here .
how could they be those things in his world and be typical humans here , while selena and possibly tabitha were the same in both places ?
to the place where madaug was his nerdy friend and stone was the one who slammed him into lockers .
but this is a dreary place where i live .
` ` within seconds we were high on the wagon , and all around me i saw the layers of flowers - every fine flower that can be grown inside or out in babylonia , and flowers brought in from places far away , the blooms of egypt and southern islands .
` ` imagine the relief when people realize what has taken place .
there was no law requiring regulation of religious schools in florida , and the owners and ` ` faculty '' of the place dropped out of the record .
all this antoine learned from the telepathic cries of brothers and sisters whom he 'd never known in places he 'd never been .
he was eager to return to new york , gregory knew this , eager to revisit his old home in harlem and the places where once as a young man he had sought to be a broadway dancer .
and how everard loved the place , with its tiny winding medieval streets that made him feel safe , made him think of his paris .
after all , the place had been on all the maps .
the young of this place have already been exterminated .
even now he wondered if this miserable humid and tropical place was not to be the end of his long journey on this earth .
but the truth was , most places were ` ` wet '' - awash with the stuff .
` ` i like this place , '' dolly said .
` ` lotsa places are classy , '' dolly said , reaching into a jar on the bar and helping herself to some maraschino cherries , plucking them up with her long ( and probably dirty ) fingernails .
the new york downworld was one of the most ridiculous places he had ever been , which was partly the reason he now spent his time serving illegal alcohol to mundanes .
new york was a place that changed very abruptly from neighborhood to neighborhood .
ice city - the place had some long , multisyllable name in the old empire tongue - was a bitter , frozen , miserable place nine months out of the year , and broahm could not believe he 'd spent nine years of his life here .
ice city - the place had some long , multisyllable name in the old empire tongue - was a bitter , frozen , miserable place nine months out of the year , and broahm could not believe he 'd spent nine years of his life here .
elyna , whose talents lay in other places , made use of the more common vampire ability to cloud minds and calm potential meals .
unfortunately , even a big city is composed of dozens of smaller places .
the only thing he 'd want about this place is the hundred miles of highway between here and any job he could get , and one day driving that much road , he 'd just keep on keeping on . ''
tragedy , but it ai n't the being dead , it 's the dying , and we 'll get through the storm - hell , fix the place up .
bob went crazy , killed ... killed them , and we , we 're okay , we - do n't want hate this place ! ''
the dear man had had a few tales to tell and told me about a place he 'd done when he lived in san francisco .
and also , for your great - grandfather , who needs to move on from this place . ''
he was surprised he could remember anything good about the place .
why are you moving to such a godforsaken place ?
afterward , chuy showed them some snapshots of his and joe 's vacation in amsterdam , one of the many places manfred had not been .
the service was being held in a town an hour 's drive past marthasville , in a largish place called buffalo plain .
you 're a good citizen for this place . ''
news stations would swarm the place like flies , begging the entire town to help locate the evil , twisted person responsible .
` ` i just - i - i hate this place .
` ` you ran back and forth between school and this place ? ''
` ` so why 'd you move to oklahoma , of all places ?
` ` this whole place is a stereotype , you know that ? ''
this place gives me the creeps , caleb said .
who could blame them for not wanting to be anywhere near that place ?
` ` i like places like this , '' lucas said .
` ` this place is the capital of weird .
he was definitely right about needing as many friends as i could get in a place like evernight academy .
i had been proud to be a part of evernight - a place where the strong preyed upon the weak , where the beautiful looked down on the ordinary and where snobbery was more important than friendliness .
his parents would send him to a regular high - class boarding school on the east coast , where he would mingle with other megarich kids and play lacrosse or go yachting or whatever they did at those places .
raquel 's parents had laughed at her and sent her back to this place she hated .
at least i got to be away from this place for one week of the summer , because as boring as it is during the year , it 's even worse when you 're here practically all alone . ''
had lucas grown up in miserable places like this ?
you 're lucky they even let her get a look at this place .
` ` how did you manage to travel to europe and the caribbean and all those places ?
but i know that charity 's revisiting the towns in this area - the places she remembers .
it 's like she hates those places for having changed while she stays the same . ''
` ` we can leave this place .
to me , new york was almost more like a mythological place than a real one - it was where all the movies and tv shows happened , and the street names we were supposed to look for as we drove had a magical ring to them : 42nd street .
this place could use some pretty . ''
` ` it 's a bigger place than you think .
so we would n't have said anything , if vic had n't come out with , ` ` so , despite the whole char - grilled factor the place has going on right now , i think i ' m going back to evernight academy in the fall . ''
dead squirrels all over the place .
` ` you should see the place .
` ` this place is creepy , '' i whispered to lucas .
so i 'd be sick of that place soon enough .
i never want to see this place again . ''
` ` we thought we 'd try to cheer this place up .
i stood in the heart of a city , amid an enormous bustling crowd , that was simultaneously the most terrifying and the most beautiful place i 'd ever seen .
` ` since when does that black cross scum have anything to do with running this place ? ''
if our plan worked the way we wanted it to , this was the last night i would ever spend at evernight academy.e despite every terrible thing that had happened here , i realized , i loved so much about this place .
` ` get out of this place !
this place is n't too bad . ''
this whole place spooked her .
even a human had to pick up on the scary vibes surrounding this place .
someone was going to need the services of about a dozen vinnys in french maid costumes to clean up this place .
the place has nothing to offer but backward politics and savages , if you ask me . ''
is it the spell cast over this place that is protecting him ?
` ` what is it about this place that has you so restless ? ''
today i was wishing very earnestly that this beautiful - looking mug was filled with ale or grog or mead , or whatever the hell they called it in this place .
and finding blood - drained bodies all over the place ?
from what judd had gathered about upscale orange county , it was n't a place that let old buildings like this exist for very long .
the place was grand central station for meth and blow ... and other things as well . ''
danny and his partners of sleazeballs had cleaned up the place a little .
long time ago they were a royal symbol for this place .
` ` how did you get out of that place ? ''
men had accomplished great things in this place .
` ` this place is far nicer now than it was in the sixties , '' christian said , revealing a hint of his own past , of a prior life in the city .
` ` place is a ghost town , '' jordan said .
it was n't that bad of a place . ''
there 's a lot about this place you do n't know .
` ` so yesterday , when we were running all over the place trying to save you - that was all just a show ? ''
this place was a nightmare .
` ` this place is going down . ''
we both know that , and you can have your pick of any guy in this place . ''
it would n't happen again because i had no intention of ever coming back to this horrid place .
what she did with them , where she put them , why she even liked doing that sort of dirty work in the first place .
` ` you really love this place , do n't you ? ''
i loved that place .
he knew what a dark , twisted , violent place ashland was , and he 'd done his fair share of nasty things over the years too .
but anyone who 'd ever spent any time in ashland knew exactly what kind of violent , gritty place it really was .
it 's why he trained you in the first place , it 's why he made you into the spider .
besides , not many people wanted to linger in a place where such atrocities had been committed .
` ` does an elemental run this place ? ''
it would n't take much to wipe this place completely off the map , if you know what i mean . ''
even though i hate this place with every bone in my body , i almost wished that the mansion had n't burned .
and in a place like ashland , that was only paid out in one way : in blood .
like most places this close to southtown , the area was a bit worse for wear .
` ` providing that i could even get benson in the first place , '' i muttered .
but all around me , the stone of everything from the street to the sidewalks to the houses whispered of the danger , despair , and desperation of the people who called this place home .
in other places boudas do n't stick that strictly to the code .
if i had n't come through here last night , i would n't have known anything untoward had taken place .
it 's a remarkably violent , brutal place .
` ` ghastly place .
every city has one of those neighborhoods - dangerous , sinister places - so treacherous that even the criminals who prey on other criminals shun them .
` ` that place reeks of death , '' he said .
i wanted to go places and meet people . ''
` ` what else can this place do ? ''
` ` a few years ago , our unit came home from a tour of duty in an ugly place .
` ` i took time to educate myself about the folklore of various places . ''
` ` some people go to exotic places on vacation and fall in love with them .
some of them even stay and then , once the newness wears off , they find that this new place is just as rough and mundane as the one they left .
other people go to exotic places , visit , and then say ' that 's nice , but i miss my house and it 's time to go home . '
whatever we do we better make it quick , '' adam began , nodding at the gaggle of pissed vamp strippers gathering on the edge of the stage , ` ` or this place is going to turn into catfight city . ''
` ` this place is spooky as shit , '' giguhl said , breaking the tension .
but , like rhea said , this place was n't a church anymore .
the energy- '' tristan shot me a confused look , like he did n't understand why the place would be affecting me .
there was honeycomb to the southwest , a place where ` ` solid wall '' was a relative term .
` ` i take it the school was n't your favorite place . ''
this place was making me paranoid .
this place already was a pressure cooker : one wrong word and it would explode .
this was an old place , permeated with age .
you brought stability to this place , but it 's the stability of a scared slave who knows he will be pummeled with a stick if he holds his head up too high .
the place you 're from .
i was afraid they 'd bust up the place .
i went straight to this large , antebellum - looking house , but i could n't go inside because it had a barrier around it like this place does . ''
halloween was upon us , and we 'd been the ones tricked all over the place .
new orleans truly was one of the most haunted places in the world , with more sentient ghosts than anywhere else i 'd ever seen .
in fairness , the world was a big damn place , and mencheres had had gregor in an old , reinforced mine tunnel in madagascar - hell and gone from marie 's home base of new orleans .
belinda had pointed him out as hers ; he was the safest kid in the place at the moment .
` ` this place is crawling with monsters !
` ` this place stinks like vampires , '' he said shortly .
` ` blow the place up good , gentlemen . ''
or hell , maybe even save it as a keepsake of this place .
they were n't leaving , and they were n't hauling us out of the place .
king venclaire obviously had spies around the place now that he was in town .
this place was n't going to get any easier , either .
they were just trying to survive in this wretched place , and were n't we all ?
there were hundreds of them dotted all over the place .
once the sun goes down this place will be crawling with demons and devil bats and who knows what else .
this place keeps getting worse , i complained to my wolf .
i want nothing to do with this place .
jesus , this place sucked so bad .
but i would n't have put it past this place to have a glowing building .
this place is fucking miserable . ''
` ` it seems there 's always a hidey - hole in this godforsaken place . ''
this place is nuts .
` ` different is not good in this place . ''
and , by the way , this place sucks .
this place is full of demons .
this place reeks of nastiness . ''
` ` you horrid mongrel , you made sure i 'd rot in this place for an eternity .
i would gladly share them in return for a safe haven in this wretched place .
when this place erupts into madness , which it will , we 'll come to you on the floor .
i could almost picture ray 's face as he finished with , ` ` this place is a fucking madhouse .
i ' ve had enough of this place to last an entire lifetime . ''
` ` so you 're tied to this place ?
do n't you know there are demons running around all over the place ?
jesus , you ripped that place apart .
` ` it looked more like you laid a bunch of c-4 around the place and blew it up .
it 'd been a tough battle to convince him to let me involve myself in the supe community in the first place , but after i ended my short stint as a police officer , i had only a few options left open that made any sense .
juanita weel keep jour secrets for you , but in return you have to tell juanita what es happening here in thees crazy place . ''
it was the kind of place that reminded him of the old days , when most towns and cities were small and people did n't bother to lock their doors and everybody knew everybody else 's business .
there 's bound to be some redheads in those places .
it really was a lovely place .
she was more than willing to put this place behind her .
` ` i know , but still ... '' ` ` i ' ve been reading up on the place and it sounds fascinating .
` ` it is a beautiful place . ''
they can help you adjust to life in this place , teach you to use your magick .
` ` is this place to your liking ? ''
it had been a beautiful place in those days , the air clean and sweet , the sky blue instead of brown with smog , wide dirt roads instead of clogged freeways .
` ` your parents would n't say much , except that you 'd moved to california , of all places . ''
they would find it tomorrow if they had to rip the place apart , brick by brick and board by board !
` ` you can tell that just by looking at the place . ''
though every instinct she possessed urged her to run from the place just as fast as she could , she turned and walked sedately toward the street where she had left her car .
every town had a dive where people went to be alone and forget , or to seek companionship for the night , and this place was no different .
she had never seen the black hills except in movies and photographs , and she was anxious to see the place for herself .
with vasile dead , she could take her baby away from this place and live a normal life .
well , she thought fatalistically , one way or another , she would soon be out of this place .
nevertheless , in times past , he 'd had to chase kids who were high on drugs of one kind or another out of the place , not to mention the occasional transient .
it 's a pretty place .
had it been up to him , he would have swept her into his arms and taken her far away from this place , never to return .
was it a place he had visited ?
` ` i ca n't believe they do n't have a blow - dryer in this place .
for instance , in some places it was believed that if a body was buried face up , it might become a vampire .
as for himself , he hated to leave la , but what the hell , the world was a big place .
` ` maybe there really is some kind of enchantment on this place .
she refused to believe she would never leave this horrible place .
when she was gone , he wrapped his hands around the bars and rested his forehead against the cold steel , grateful that elena would soon be gone from this place , a place that he hated with every fiber of his being .
how many people had suffered in this place ?
most people did n't know the particulars about the inhabitants of those settlements , but there was plenty of talk about the places themselves .
` ` you lost your job because of this place . ''
` ` maybe it is that simple in places like cel - romano or tokhar - chin , where humans control a big chunk of land and only brush against the others at the borders between human - controlled land and the wild country .
` ` look at that place .
` ` i guess it 's natural for people to be curious about this place , but offering to help me sort the mail seemed too forward .
instead , she 'd found cop cars all over the place , the intersection blocked , and all kinds of talk about someone trying to do something suspicious at the liaison 's office .
they do n't keep regular hours like a human business , but most of the businesses are closed by nine p.m. '' ` ` what about this place ?
in other places , it is solid but weak .
` ` it 's really not a bad place . ''
` ` okay , this place is totally freaking me out , '' della spouted the moment they stepped through the clearing and got their first glimpse of the falls .
` ` why is it that the place was n't so scary until you showed up ? ''
` ` this place is going to feed you a pack of lies .
` ` is it true what they say about this place ? ''
oddly , kicking ass - in a place where peace flavored the air - felt wrong .
was the sadness she felt from this place imagined , or was this somehow a clue ?
` ` this place ai n't all bad . ''
the place scared the bejeebies out of her .
` ` and let me tell you , this place is n't exactly friendly .
then he started a conversation about some of the places he 'd visited .
they see this place as a good thing . ''
he walked into the school like he owned the place .
she was n't really in the market for anything new- not to mention her weekly allowance of $ 25 dollars probably would n't get her far in this place .
it was a pretty wacky place , but rachel looked forward to it every year .
` ` you and i ... we come from different places , different backgrounds .
things could have been far worse ; the world could have been a completely different and far more awful place .
this place was the commission at work again , and if they had harmed luther , or if they felt they were going to take her prisoner again , they had another thing coming .
she could see his memories and hatred for this place burning fiercely in his eyes .
she wanted to inhale air that did n't reek of the dead and see something outside of this horrid place .
he hated going to that place , it was boring , and the people were cruel and vindictive .
` ` this place is strange .
` ` this place is creepy , '' melissa muttered , sitting back in her seat .
it had been a fight to get the two of them to agree to let cassie , chris , and melissa stay in town in the first place .
she had lived in some pretty hideous places , been cramped and filthy and foul more times than she could count , but the smells here were some of the worst she 'd ever encountered .
the soldiers started moving in to shatter their moment of solitude and peace in this brutal place .
aria was not going to reassure her that she did not have to fear aria 's competition ; she wanted nothing to do with this place .
she thought it should be an easy choice , her home , her life and her family , or a life in a place that she did n't understand , that was cruel , and frightening .
` ` what is a lovely lady doing in such an ugly place ? ''
the rockley heir had been found at last , in a place called kentucky , and he would soon take over the properties , leaving victoria to return permanently to rome - or wherever else the venators needed her .
` ` i shall accept your gratitude later , once we 're quit of this place . ''
` ` and i ' ve no fear of the place anyway . ''
` ` it 's just that you sound a bit like zavier , expounding on the history of this place .
the new marquess is in america , of all places , and has not responded to any of the letters sent by the solicitors .
i am very interested in learning all about the place . ''
` ` much of sardu 's village was eventually abandoned and became an accursed place .
the whole reason they 'd built the chain - and - post contraption in the shed in the first place was because pap and gertie had run off a few times ... and once , not too long ago ... gertie , the sweetheart of the two , the trusting one , came home with her back and legs all ripped up ... ... as though someone had taken a stick to her .
something 's come over this place , just in the past few days . ''
put a shield over this place and get with it .
` ` tough to let the old place go , '' marco agreed .
a violent place , it seems .
at least the bathing was taking place past the point where the drinking water was dipped out and the horses drank .
he had to get lissa out of this place .
` ` i ' ve had enough of this place for a while .
the only place that might be a little weirder is texas . ''
` ` i heard you thought this place was a real hellhole . ''
the place needs to be spiffed up .
it 's big , this place .
although i did n't live there , it does remind me of the place out west where the space lab was , an hour from colorado , where i met jason , the last place i called home .
that season was bad enough , but now the doctor 's calling me crazy , and i ' ve got to take that pill elder takes , and this place has- '' ` ` enough . ''
` ` is n't this place fascinating ? ''
` ` i learned long ago that home is a word that applies to people , not places .
the place where these guys come from ?
i ' ve worried for years that someday we might have to infiltrate this place . ''
i 'd be a little more friendly if i were you - i ' m likely the only ally you 'll find in this place . ''
in a place you do n't really like , and that is depressing normal compared to the world you ' ve grown to love ?
a place that hushlanders did n't even know existed , though it was a large continent that sat in the pacific ocean between north america and asia .
it 's not a very friendly place . '
' of course , i guess they do lie about this place .
' i ' ve heard terrible things about this place , alcatraz , ' she said .
even if he had abandoned me in the first place .
' this place is that bad ? '
' the scholars i interviewed said the place was messy , shasta , ' he said in a kind of nasal voice , ' but who knows what they consider clean or messy ?
those lamps were hung back in their places on the walls , even the one i 'd tried to use to burn the place down .
so - of course - the place was a circus .
the capital city is just a short hike down that direction , but there 's a full librarian blockade set up around the place . '
the world was a scary place .
the only reason this place overlooked my spanish grades was because the head reads my father 's dumb novels . ''
is it possible for home to be a person and not a place ?
he has never read or dreamed about life in such a place .
he wonders what it must be like to live in a place where christ is in every doorway - well , maybe not every doorway , but he 's sure it must seem that way .
ari is talking about all the places he 's been .
she said that the reason you can never go home again - we were studying a list of famous quotes and discussing their meaning , and that was one of them , by thomas wolfe , ` ` you ca n't go home again '' -is n't necessarily that places change , but that people do .
we lived only twenty minutes ' drive south of disneyland , and the magic of the place was well worn off by the end of sixth grade .
in the way that some places have a rash of burglaries or hubcap thefts , we have coyotes .
it was a place so fatally flawed that it refused to acknowledge that any such imperfection was possible .
being that cape cod was a seafaring place , i kept my act generally turned in that direction , with merry songs of the sea like ` ` the kangaroo '' - '' a china rat and a bengal cat and a bombay cockatoo , all on board the kangaroo . ''
` ` i do not think the rest of your fellow students share in your opinion as to the silliness of this evening 's event , miss , considering the uproar in this place , '' says higgins .
a full day away from this place and part of it out on the briney .
stories of ghost ships , and of ghastly apparitions , and of other weird , unexplainable things fill their tales of this place , tales they tell one another in their dark holds at night to feed one another 's darkest fears .
look ye here , we have an account of that nasty bonaparte kickin ' up sand in egypt , chasin ' the poor wogs from one end o ' the place to the other and takin ' all their stuff ... and ' ere 's a notice that miss tessie briggs and mr . asa smoggs is gettin ' we d and they 're publishin ' the banns right here before your very eyes , and i knows there 's gon na be a big weddin ' party 'cause i already got me invitation here tucked in me shift , and how about you ? ''
or so thought the smug bunch of tightfisted priests who ran the place , the same bunch who would not let us in the door for services , nor give us any money from the poor box , though you 'd be hard - pressed to find anyone poorer than we were .
it was how he got me in the first place .
it 's like the sight of this place scares the confidence right out of you . ''
my stepmother , chloe , would hate this place .
and other places are so not the same - ' ' vraiment ! '
and you were right - the campus is one funky place .
` ` i have a few questions about this place , if you do n't mind . ''
three years in the syndicate had inured me to danger , but this place was different .
i mean , would you want to punch out a sprog in this place ? ''
` ` if that 's what you have to do to survive in this place , then send me to the ther .
addiction was rife in places like jacob 's island .
they 're going to lock us up in our city and never let us leave , and turn this place into a prison city like theirs .
you 're just like- '' ` ` if this place is so terrible then go , dear girl .
this place has afflicted me with a terrible wanderlust .
i ' m not bringing him anywhere near this place . ''
about returning to london and leaving this place behind me , never to look back .
i mean , what could be simpler than my old credo of , all i want is a little ship , and with that little ship i would take stuff from a place that 's got a lot of that stuff and take it to a place that ai n't got a lot of that same stuff , and so prosper .
i mean , what could be simpler than my old credo of , all i want is a little ship , and with that little ship i would take stuff from a place that 's got a lot of that stuff and take it to a place that ai n't got a lot of that same stuff , and so prosper .
` ` right , and the place is usually a riot every night , too .
of course , the girls all love him , and as regards the rather jealous boys , well , apparently he had learned some handy survival skills in the place where he grew up .
` ` well , clarissa , it is a wonderful place , a city so full of life and charm that it will take your breath away .
the sets are made , the costumes sewn , and the whole place is a - twitter with feverish excitement .
my only regret is that poor joannie is still in that awful place and unable to perform her part as her dear friend rebecca adams .
` ` and what happened to the rest of the boys in that place ? ''
he is a walking example of why our country is such a strange and unbelievable place .
the world 's a big place , finley , '' says russ , sounding like mr . gore for a moment .
` ` i was hoping for some place with less people . ''
it 's not like i had expected to rekindle a relationship that was never there in the first place , but i was n't expecting to discover i was completely vacant from her life both physically and emotionally for the past five years .
that place was awful . ''
` ` i would remember this place , '' i gawked .
this place is a disaster . '
she said they were really common in old houses and castles , in places like england and scotland .
` ` you ' ve gone places , seen things .
` ` what about this place ?
she probably thought the apparition was just the result of seeing too many times at once , the muddled images of this place in twenty different decades .
it 's just this place is really creepy at night .
it was the reason she bothered to go to school in the first place , no matter how horribly they treated her .
not unless you had a doctor 's note excusing you from eating in the first place .
link knew he never wanted to see that place again .
` ` this place is worse than summer school in the bio lab . ''
nice places did n't rent to teenagers who were obviously runaways .
` ` lena 's uncle has a book about almost everything - except how to get out of this place . ''
in most places , that would mean suspension , or at least detention .
they happened in places out west , like california .
today 's catastrophic events at his garden of perpetual peace were n't going to raise too many eyebrows at county care , a place most people did n't know about until tragedy struck .
whole place 's gone downright cattywampus . ''
` ` the crow is also the only bird that can cross between the worlds - the veils between life and death , and places far worse .
you would n't believe this place .
` ` maybe that 's true , but this place is evil . ''
i had to face this place , this pit full of bones .
if there 's a place you ' ve always wanted to see - go there .
i think she hates this place because of it . ''
not when he was so dead set against it happening in the first place .
it was al beautiful - a place i loved and hated at the same time .
september was hurricane season around this place .
` ` does the place have funnel cakes ? ''
` ` this place is a different world .
` ` i hate this place . ''
the place is on lockdown , but there 's a lot of fighting inside , i hear . ''
this place was creepy , like walking through a maze of the hopeless and forgotten .
that vast , depressing stretch of the underworld was not a place i wanted to visit again .
i did , and in that moment , i was blown away by the beauty of the place i had once found terrifying .
i ' ve been here for about two weeks now and i ' m starting to feel more easy in the place .
` ` that 's my favorite thing to do in this place - wakin ' up the little darlings , '' whispers rachel .
the place smells of years of spilt ale and old fires but still it is a pleasant place , and , as they say of cozy pubs , it fits well around your shoulders .
it must have been awful for her in that place .
we 're walkin ' over to the stables to saddle up gretchie and hildy for a ride around the place when a black - and - white thing appears from nowhere and capers all about me .
and about how on sunday , after church - can you believe it , jaimy , the place is so big it has its own little chapel - after church , they put a saddle on the sheik , he 's this big thoroughbred , and were walking him around the paddock just to give him a little exercise , and after a little begging , they let me get up on him and you would n't believe how big he is and how strong .
the place is in a dither of excitement all day as the ladies rush about furiously powdering and perfuming and combing and primping .
do your parents know that he goes to places like the pig ?
the place stinks of piss and sweat and some other things i do n't wan na know about .
the place is a blaze of color , what with the ladies in their finest and the gentlemen in their jackets that go through all the colors from bright blue to deep purple , light mauve to kelly green , but never , oh never , red .
` ` i ' ve never been anywhere and i want to go places .
in a city like this , i ' m kind of surprised , but it 's just one place out of thousands .
` ` this place has changed since i was here last , '' harry said .
oh , and cleaning the place up . ''
` ` when another pack comes to town , '' isaac says , watching the road , ` ` their alpha catches wind of who runs the place and naturally he wants to challenge us for leadership . ''
i guess being human really does have its advantages around this place .
actually , now that i ' m paying more attention to detail as opposed to my need to get out of this place in one piece , i see that minna really loves elephants .
the story throughout the rest of the town was that a huge gang had come in from somewhere - there 's a lot of rumors flying around about what happened that night - and fights broke out all over the place .
to be honest , the whole place depressed me .
a place that 's of ered dad a headmaster 's job for the next two years . ''
from richard yates 's revolutionary road , was it ` ` he had admired the ancient delicacy of the buildings and the way the street lamps made soft explosions of light green in the trees at night '' or ` ` the place had llled him with a sense of wisdom hovering just out of reach , of unspeakable grace prepared and waiting just around the corner , but he 'd walked himself weak down its endless blue streets and all the people who knew how to live had kept their tantalizing secret to themselves '' ?
after all , she 'd grown up in this place .
as if this whole place were a story about her .
it was hard to be glum in such a place .
not that she doubted for a second that she would ; it was just that returning to that place was so hard .
then there was a succession of lost jobs - and this place .
the keynote speaker was , of course , tyler vincent himself , whose music career had started , of all places , in a maine state university .
i gave a little sigh , leaning against him , doing my best to get lost in tyler vincent 's world - a place more familiar to me than home - but it seemed the more i tried , the more i was distracted by dale , the way he had of rubbing his thumb over my shoulder and leaning just a little closer , breathing in deep , like he was trying to take me in .
he 'd taken us to iselin academy , the place we 'd first met .
i thought that as soon as she came to see me it would be like old times again , that we would bust out our socks to have a dance party , or she would pull me onto her lap and start braiding my hair , launch into one of her stories - of distant places and witches who could change into animals .
she did n't want to think of him rotting in this place . ''
my mother spent ten years tunneling her way out of that place , when she might have just waited another few months and strolled free .
i used to think about what it would be like to go to ... other places . ''
something tells me he 's lying again ; i wonder if he was really talking about the wilds , or other places in the world - the unbordered places , where love still exists , where it was supposed to have consumed everyone by now .
i can only imagine what he must think of this place , what he must think of us .
it might be better to move on , leave this place to rot .
they committed me to life in this place . ''
i do n't like places that are too clean .
there was no way that natalia was a mortal stupid enough to think that she could survive in a place like this .
the horror flicks that me and you used to watch at the movies - they pale in comparison to that place , '' her finger pointed to the blackest part of the painting .
run from any place that is beautiful .
i shirked off his jab and said , ` ` that 's why you can live here , and the magic of this place does n't affect you ?
however , i do care about this place , '' i pointed to the school , ` ` and the people who live here .
this place bothered him , too .
` ` this place affects you , not me .
` ` yes , i miss this place terribly when i ' m away . ''
` ` can you believe this place ? ''
i ' m pre - med , and there are a lot of places i could go .
also , as fun as wedding dresses are , it 's scary to be in a place where all the clothes cost as much as the average house payment .
it was how he 'd convinced me to go to the feed with him in the first place .
scrub the place down every time they leave ? ''
thankfully he was agreeing with us , because there was no way he 'd survive in a place this small .
` ` it 's a place not many people know about , but ashe and i know it .
he had been the one to encourage scott to take the coaching position in the first place .
the school would be closed for two days while a commercial cleaning service came in and scoured the place from top to bottom .
there were trees all over the place .
but the feeling quickly dissipated as the memories of what had just taken place hurricaned though my mind .
my violet eyes were huge and i wondered from the terrified expression on my face , if when this had all taken place , i 'd sensed something terrible was about to happen to me .
` ` this place is ... interesting . ''
it was a creepy place ; that was for sure .
right then , fenbrook was the most interesting place in the world .
this was k35 , a place so painfully cool and horrendously expensive i 'd never so much as dreamed of going .
but - slowly - i 'd come to love the place .
i had n't realized connor was playing places that big .
i had plenty of responses , practiced since i was a kid , about how they were one of the most renowned in the world , about how it would take my career to places otherwise out of reach , about how- ` ` it 's all i ' ve ever wanted , '' i told him , the words surprising me as much as him .
the teachers did n't care as long as you were n't trying to burn the place down .
probably what had attracted him to the place , the chance to meet some young starlet or ballerina .
` ` no wonder you act the way you do when you grew up in a place like this . ''
` ` i thought it was something to be admired believe it or not , but seeing this place ... how cold it is ... nah , i do n't think you chose to be the way you are . ''
it was so normal for a place so ... weird .
` ` did you hate the place or something ? ''
` ` now get away from this place .
she used to talk about a world outside of this place for my daughter .
maybe then the world would n't be such a f**ked - up place .
she was n't ready to see that place again .
` ` that place was a madhouse .
` ` the best parts of life have nothing to do with a place .
i know that you really just want everything to end - that you ca n't see anything good in your future , that the world looks dark and terrible , and maybe you 're right - the world can definitely be a dreadful place .
that 's what they tell us at school , but if you keep getting on that train and going to the place you hate i ' m going to start thinking the people at school are liars like the nazis who told the jews they were just being relocated to work factories .
if my classmates put as much effort into making our community better as they give to the college application process , this place would be a utopia .
i sat in the last row , closed my eyes and was transported out of our terrible high school and into a new , better place .
and our high school is just a tiny place .
` ` i bet this place sucks compared to there . ''
` ` i ' m so tired of this place !
he depends on me and he loves this place so much .
i feel like such a p**sy for silently begging her to turn back , but i need someone to see me and not the one whose family had to uproot their lives for , or the guy who would have gotten himself in that kind of situation in the first place , the nark who ratted out his friends when they were just having a good time .
` ` i go places sometimes , '' he told me , his voice as thready and distant as his eyes .
` ` do n't know why i go places ...
i go places sometimes .
when i was younger , i hung out there , and they would pretend to book me on trips to faraway places .
` ` so we ' ve got to learn to swim through this place ? ''
this place is going to get her , i thought .
` ` i know what this place does to you .
they were already owned by this place and did n't know it .
once more this place had tapped into my secret fears .
` ` this place has n't chewed you up ! ''
this place had whipped him , wiped him , and hung him out to dry .
the place had gotten to him .
` ` i ' m not letting this place get me like it got maggie . ''
` ` is this place like a video game that shuts down when somebody beats it ?
you 're just another false face of this park , but that means you know things about this place that i do n't .
` ` i ' m done with this place , '' he whispered .
` ` this place has always been out of balance , '' she said .
this place could be different with you here . ''
but if you do n't have that kind of clearance , then you probably think we 're just an urban spy myth - like jet packs and invisibility suits - and you drive by our ivy - covered walls , look at our gorgeous mansion and manicured grounds , and assume , like everyone else , that the gallagher academy for exceptional young women is just a snooty boarding school for bored heiresses with no place else to go .
now , in addition to our teachers and our chef , the gallagher academy has a pretty extensive staff , but it 's not the kind of place that advertises in the want ads ( well ... you know ... except for coded messages ) .
but i kept it to myself - maybe because i did n't think it mattered , but probably because , in a place where everyone knew my story , it was nice to know there was a chapter that only i had read .
i mean , i know i spend my winters in a mansion with a bunch of girls , and my summers on a ranch in nebraska , but both places have movies , and a lot of them involve wagers in which plain - looking girls ( like me ) are approached by really cute boys ( like josh ) .
she could n't possibly understand life on the outside , looking through the window at a place she 'd never know .
but computer files and tax records had n't told us how josh would react to that place .
as if wondering whether or not i 'd heard of the place .
so while my classmates and i might be used to spending all of our time in a place that is exciting and semi - dangerous and full of incredibly delicious food , i could n't remember a single time when i 'd been in a place like this .
i knew that despite the natural wonder of it , nothing about blackthorne was beautiful ; i knew that even in the sunshine , something about that place would always be a little dark .
` ` this place is clean , '' he said .
` ` well , rachel , the standards in this place must be dropping .
kat had learned quite a lot of things before enrolling at the colgan school - but the thing that she knew best was that this was the kind of place where she could never share them .
it was a place that valued beauty and order in equal measure , kat knew .
especially young in a place so old .
there are some places daughters are n't supposed to follow .
it was a place where meticulous people did meticulous work , and part of kat could n't help being impressed .
` ` so , this is a nice place . ''
` ` none of these old boys would say so , but this place changed when she came on board . ''
if anyone can run this place the way she did , it 's you . ''
everyone in this place sucks and i hate them all .
he 's probably the one uncool guy in the whole place .
what 's in two months , besides me leaving this awful place that 's as hot as hell in the day , but as frosty as the north pole now . ''
i was wrong before -- at the moshav it 's the north pole compared to this place in the middle of the desert .
they moved to the ' burbs after the wedding , as if marriage somehow warrants moving to a place where you have to drive a car to get to the nearest starbucks .
mutt is the biggest , fluffiest , friendliest dog in the place .
at the beginning of the summer , i wondered if i could still love this place without emily .
this place is dirt cheap .
we all come from such different places , but we ' ve all ended up at miller 's hollow tonight .
i do n't know what ideas this place is putting into your head but it needs to stop before you get hurt and cindy and your little sister get hurt too , got it ? ''
` ` i have a history with the place . ''
i would have hated the place .
and it is n't going to cause a stir in this place .
i was antsy to get out of the place but could n't help feeling an aggravating tug of sympathy for scott .
the sheer noisiness of them , of their heavy boots , and loud voices , buzzed on by their sense of urgency , ricochets through the quiet hush of the hospital and breathes some life into the place .
i 'll miss her but i ' m glad she 'll be able to get away from me , from this place .
` ` flood the place if you want . ''
but this place is full of old grizzled new yorkers and cabbies , no one who 'd recognize me .
` ` it 's the place i love .
` ` as you said before , scicorp is not a place you can just walk into .
the glamour of this place ? ''
i was also fully aware that i was murdering any hope for acceptance in this place .
` ` well , i ' m so glad this place has the same gorilla - faced morons as my old school , '' i said , not moving from where i stood .
` ` you 're the prince of this place ?
i would ' ve been perfectly happy never seeing this place again . ''
` ` this place should be crawling with exiles .
i thought new york would be a place the fey avoid , you know , because it 's so crowded and , um ... iron - y . ''
this place should be teeming with faeries .
` ` she died , and she never got the chance to see egypt , or paris or any of the places she wanted to see .
new orleans was a place of voodoo and magic , mystery and superstition , and it drew countless fey to its haunted corners and near - mythical streets .
the destinations are nowhere that exotic : places like high wycombe and banbury , which might be very nice for all i know .
` ` you should see this place .
i understand he is n't talking about a place .
you need a passport for most of these places anyhow .
she starts telling me all the things i know about the place , about the beach and the pools and the restaurants and the movie theater and the golf .
in fact , jeroen 's spotless record is apparently why i was given this shot in the first place , after the actor originally cast as an understudy booked a mentos ad that would ' ve required him missing three rehearsals to shoot the commercial .
he hates this place , but he would stay for me .
he wanted to stay in a place he hates for me .
julio is a gang member with connections inside and outside this place , and he does n't trust anyone outside of his circle .
so when you get out of this place , please do n't drive recklessly or you might end up with a permanent disability , boyfriendless , and an outcast at school . ''
` ` i 'll miss this place , '' i say .
` ` no , but they come from the same place . ''
i 'd like to tell her not to worry , that unlike those of us who are ` ` lifers , '' she 'll be out of this place within the month , two at the most .
` ` how dare you call this place stupid ! ''
` ` i hate this place , hector .
` ` eh , this place is n't so terrible . ''
` ` i hear it 's a nice place , though .
` ` i want nothing to do with this place , '' sam says .
never in my wildest dreams did i think my father would be the one saving me from this place .
the place smells like mildew .
` ` there are still places i 'd like to see in america , i guess .
this place weirds me out .
this is one 's memory of california , a place i ' ve never been .
most of the place is pristine forests , perfect beaches , mountains with views you would n't believe .
the chimra 's a big place , but not big enough .
` ` i guess i 'd say this place is going significantly downhill , '' teev said .
i knew it was a reach to ask for a work assignment in one of the very places i 'd just gotten in trouble for sneaking into , but i was open to taking any job in them , no matter how menial .
` ` so if this place burns to the ground they 'll send me home , right ? ''
there was no denying that the place was starting to get under my skin .
i guess this place was rubbing off on me .
` ` a place called plum island . ''
i said yes to everything they said , and then when my mother started crying , i told her i was going to be fine , that i knew how to take care of myself , which is why they 'd left me alone here in the first place .
but the place was beautiful - the snow - capped mountains , thick elm trees , and rolling white hills .
although i had no idea what sort of jobs were around this place .
` ` i bet new york was your favorite place . ''
` ` colorado is n't a bad place .
that was the thing about places like this - you get caught up and hours go by but it only feels like long minutes .
we were rare , but like i sensed at first , there was something different about this place .
the place was always warm and dry whenever i was taken outside . ''
i want to open it , see the shirts that he wears to the club , something more familiar than this place .
people used to care about these places , and surely some still do .
i ' ve never been in the swamps , but it seems like an inhospitable place , full of reptiles and biting insects .
` ` you 'll feel better the farther we put that place behind us , '' elliott says .
this place is dangerous , but i suppose it 's no more so than the city itself .
no matter what , when we leave this place , people will die .
even in this terrible place , there are kind people .
the first time i came to this terrible place , prince prospero said that at a masked ball , i might not even recognize his nephew .
you 'll be all whacked for a few days , but then you 'll get used to this place .
why do they need a graveyard in a place full of teenagers ?
everyone needs a buddy in this place . ''
having had his tour cut short , he decided to take a walk around the glade on his own and get a better look and feel for the place .
maybe this place wo n't be so bad after all , thomas thought .
he could only imagine how truly horrific a place like this could be if everyone went lazy and stupid .
that 's one of the reasons we run this place all nice and busylike .
start stompin ' around this place yappin ' about how you 're too good to work like a peasant , how you 're all nice and ready to be a runner - you 'll make plenty of enemies .
just little snippets , but definite memories of before we came to this horrible place .
strain your mind , spend your free time wanderin ' your thoughts , and think about this place .
` ` we still have to escape this place . ''
the air felt perfect , and it made him wonder again about the weather of the place .
` ` as happy a place as you could ever visit . ''
must be things about this place we obviously do n't understand .
this place is all jacked up . ''
no wonder we have so many beetle blade spies running around this place .
` ` anything 's better than this place . ''
we rattle on some more , and i look out at my beloved boston , a place i had so looked forward to seeing again , a place i know i must now leave .
she drunk that place dry , too , of all their likkers and whatnot , even drank the birdbath dry , 'cause it was green and had feathers in it and stunk bad enough to be good .
in fact , i was able to hear him talk to one of his compatriots to the effect that he and his partner , mccoy , would be heading south to a place called johnstown after he got out of this hole .
i lose some passengers as mr . mcdaniel gets off at the squalid little town of wheeling , virginia - no taverns to play in , pigs runnin ' free in the streets , whole place stinkin ' to high heaven - and mr . brady leaves at east lick , but i pick up another one there , and at the very last minute , too .
` ` and there 's another kind of show you ai n't considered , and it 's perfect for podunk places like maysville . ''
there is much hammering and sawing going on as i take my leave of the place , to go out into the town , satisfied that all is going well .
we have made stops at dorena and tiptonville and point pleasant and caruthersville and other places whose names i forget almost as soon as we leave them , but we do leave them happier than they were before our arrival .
in some of the places , we ' ve been able to put on all three of our shows .
we just put 'em all in their beds and lit the place on fire - ai n't no one gon na be probin ' their bodies for bullets and fer sure they ai n't gon na know they was scalped .
as i walk away from the rising sun , i get several glares from ladies dressed more somberly than i , who had plainly seen me come out of the place .
that he 's dead is curious enough , but more curious by far is that he 's here in the first place ! ...
` ` and i have spent the last twenty - three years in this horrid place , the final five years confined to this bed , with only my memories and that hideous key - jingling woman for company .
time passes differently in places like the motley hill sanatorium .
one day i will see places other people only dream about .
` ` there is only one other of its kind in the world - the lakshadweep nidus , named after the place of its discovery in 1851 , the lakshadweep islands off the indian coast .
the king threw the poor sucker into the deepest , dankest , darkest dungeon - not too different from this place .
the man standing behind you is dr . hiram walker , a colleague of ours of rather mediocre talent , who for some inexplicable reason you ' ve brought along - i pray only to help in affecting my release from this accursed place .
the british dug them out , polished them up , a very british thing to do , but they still do n't keep the place from flooding .
i came to the end , and that is why i love this place and why i despise it .
` ` the place may vary and the names may be different , but the crime is the same , will henry . ''
she calmed down considerably , shaking her head with wonder at her good fortune - a doctor , here , of all places !
i will not see the only child of james henry consigned to that horrible place .
this place is watched , you know , by all sorts of rough characters .
and the antiseptic clink and clatter of sharp instruments , and the man in the white coat with its copper - colored stains leaning over the metal necropsy table , and the boy 's numb fingers wet with effluvia , and the tears of protest that run down his cheeks and the hunger in his belly and the light - headedness of finding himself in this place where no pies cool on racks and no woman sings over a warm fire , just the man and his gore - encrusted nails and the peculiar crunch of the shears snapping through cartilage and bone and the strangely hypnotic beauty of a corpse flayed wide , its organs like exotic creatures of the lightless deep , the surreal humming of the man as he works , fingers digging deep , black eyes burning , forearms bulging , the taut muscles of his neck and the clenched jaw , and the eyes , the eyes burning .
` ` why roanoke , of all places ? ''
battie and saw this place and could n't resist coming in .
nay , i am doing what i have always said i wanted to do , which is to have a fine ship like this one and haul stuff from a place that 's got a lot of that stuff , and take it to another place that ai n't got a lot of that stuff and is willing to pay for it , and so prosper .
nay , i am doing what i have always said i wanted to do , which is to have a fine ship like this one and haul stuff from a place that 's got a lot of that stuff , and take it to another place that ai n't got a lot of that stuff and is willing to pay for it , and so prosper .
but it is much too early for the inhabitants of this place to be stirring , so i am undisturbed .
based on the intelligence that is being gathered , the emperor has divided his force , sending marshals davout and bernadotte , with their iii corps and i corps , north toward a place called auerstadt , while the rest of the force , including me and my clodhoppers , drive toward a town called jena , with marshal lannes 's v corps in the lead .
never thought i 'd say that i miss the place , but i do . ''
it is , of course , a glorious place , but i think i am done with glory and glorious things and all that so i am not cowed by it all .
funny , i thought as i left the place , she looked like any ordinary woman , under all that finery .
the university place stitch ' n ' bitch knitting circle is hot with rumor over that one .
who the hell would want to live in a place where it gets this cold ?
like it takes place in the fifties or something .
it 's like you hate everything about the place that i love .
you 're not better than me , and you 're not better than this place .
people who have been a lot of places make decisions about what they want , and those decisions really mean something .
` ` do n't they give you happy pills in this place ? ''
` ` got a map of this place ? ''
i ' ve heard her talk about her fear of coming back to the place where alex got shot , and beat up within an inch of his life to get jumped out of the latino blood .
if you would ' ve told me two weeks ago i 'd be moving back to illinois after fleeing this place when i was eleven , i 'd have laughed .
you should see this place .
and our school would rather spend the money busing us all over the place instead of fixing it .
that if he did leave this place he would miss it .
aria was always carrying around weird things - stuffed animals , random pages torn out of old novels , postcards of places she 'd never visited .
` ` have you ever been to this place ? ''
it 's an awful place . ''
the place seemed so glamorous , even from the outside .
` ` but there 's a place that 's even better . ''
it was one thing to accompany aria - at least she 'd have a buffer - but emily did n't think she could deal with this place alone .
` ` this must be a sign - in book from back when this place was a mental hospital . ''
she had heard something about this place once being a hospital for mentally ill children , but it was hard to believe that now .
maybe this place would n't be so bad after all .
` ` this place smells like my grandma 's basement , '' she said , grabbing aria 's arm and steering her out the door .
` ` they remind me of the people in this place . ''
she 'd spent eighteen torturous months in that place .
spencer closed her eyes and thought of the bizarre debauchery that had taken place at the potluck .
this place did seem nice .
` ` nicer than the old place , even . ''
it did n't help that noel was n't impressed with iceland at all , or that mike hated the place as much as he did when they 'd lived here .
every story she 'd told him about the place was more disgusting than the last .
you can start cleaning up the place . ''
okay , she would n't miss that place very much .
` ` this place is freaking me out . ''
that would mean telling someone she 'd come here in the first place .
that place has amazing cashmere sweaters for pennies . ''
this place is going to be the death of me . ''
this was the place where he was volunteering , was n't it ?
it was the scariest place i ' ve ever been , hanna - there were cockroaches in the waiting room , no one got a proper bed , and i swear none of the doctors had actual medical licenses .
you 'll know the place because of all the cars . ''
` ` uch , that place is so boring . ''
` ` why did n't you tell us how nice this place was ? ''
it was a beautiful place , and aria wanted nothing more than to stay , but she knew that she absolutely , positively could n't .
and this place was so grim .
` ` the place seems so confusing , though . ''
beth must hate this place .
this place is no good for you , beth . ''
` ` this place is no good . ''
there are american sailors all over the place , and that 's fine - hey , the nancy b. is american , too , even if i ai n't .
though i love my adopted town of boston , i like the free and easy nature of this place , too .
i must pronounce myself moved to see the place .
i 'd asked longshot if people could be haunted like places , but he 'd said , i ' m not even sure places can be , deuce .
if you 'd just make up your mind to heal , you could get out of this place and take some revenge on those monsters . ''
still say food cooked in a place with a name like that ca n't be too delicious , though . ''
` ` what do you all know about this place ?
this place is a bit of an eyesore . ''
i called a halt in the center of town , then said to stalker , ` ` take the measure of the place .
given what i knew about the world , i did n't see how this place could continue , long term , without everybody dying in a massacre .
they 'll soon be stinking up the place . ''
when the horde marches this way , there will be no resisting them , unless you live in a place like gaspard . ''
the world was a big place , full of wonders , and it had taught us both so many things .
they 'd laughed at us there , less extreme than the hanging they threatened in gaspard , but still bad enough that i had unpleasant memories of the place .
` ` there are old - world relics all over the place , no wonder they came to grief .
after the service ended , the people of winterville swallowed their tears , pretending their loved ones had gone to a better place .
salvation had been a good place , full of warmhearted people , but they did n't trust outsiders much , and they had n't encouraged traders like these to come into town .
what 's it like to be born in a place where the people do n't need to be armed ?
we had farmers to work the fields outside , and edmund using his epic abilities to provide free power for the whole place .
now , in most other places when you say someone 's ` ` up north , '' it does n't mean very much ; but when you live in seward , alaska , all you ' ve got up north are places so cold you do n't want to go there .
one of the coldest places on earth .
` ` this place is dreary . ''
that 's the only reason my poor brother married your grandmother in the first place , if you ask me .
gold all over the place .
lord brompton seemed very upset to think that all these places now ruled themselves .
she 'd obviously married someone rich , because when the cab stopped outside the address in eaton place , it was a very posh house .
for a moment , i could n't even remember the name of the place she came from in derbyshire .
i 'd thought that a salon would be something like a living room , but the room we now entered could almost have rivaled our ballroom at home in bourdon place .
` ` then ... then i 'll travel to the year 1912 , when i met them once before , at lady tilney 's house in eaton place . ''
` ` this place positively reeks of puzzles and mysteries .
the place smells like moldy cigarettes and sticky beer with a hint of puke and sweat .
is n't that against the rules to chew gum in a place that makes food ?
it 's nice to have him around to break up the monotony in this place .
it scares me that this place could have broken him so quickly .
crazy shit growing in that place .
` ` kenji did n't tell you anything about this place ? ''
this place is far more complex , far more organized than i 'd ever imagined it to be .
` ` has anyone told you about this place yet ? ''
and mother , well there 's no four seasons within a hundred miles of this place .
they do n't much appreciate parents seein ' this place in its skivvies , '' cassie added with a sly smile .
because while i was furious with the after dad , the one who 'd let stepmonster shove me off to this place , i could never fully forget my once - upon - a - time before dad .
i hate this place , and i 'll do anything to fight it .
this place is not about fixing you .
what kind of messed - up place did n't want you to have friends , to have any kind of good time ?
` ` you 're the one who gives all the good advice , teaches us how to get around , and makes this place bearable ! ''
` ` it sounds awful , this place you 're in .
` ` mom 's furious at this place , '' she whispered .
i 'll bet there are a lot of girls out there who would happily spill their guts about this place . ''
i loathe that place with all of my being , '' she wrote .
nick put his coin away , and they all began to talk about life , death , and a way out of this place in - between .
they would tear the place down brick by brick if they had to , until there was not even a ghost of a ghost of a building .
` ` let this be a lesson to everyone that nothing good can ever come from leaving this place . ''
stay away from these places , or you may find yourself in a very unpleasant circumstance . ''
` ` why would the mcgill be afraid of a place like that ? ''
and although charlie was reluctant to travel to places unknown , nick knew he was tempted .
the nashville afterlights made room for them in their sizeable deadspot though , and were happy to listen to all their stories of faraway places -- and to them , every place was far away .
` ` the place reeks of it . ''
the mississippi wind kept most afterlights away from memphis , so only a few afterlights knew of the strange and curious properties of graceland , and the rumors faded the farther one got from the place .
just like you , i have to do what i believe is right , and freeing kids from this place is the right thing to do . ''
from where nick stood , mary was just as beautiful , just as powerful as she ever was -- perhaps even more so -- for it seemed this place magnified both her beauty and her powerful presence .
` ` i ' m done with this place , '' said jill .
for a place that was supposed to stay the same forever , quite a lot had changed for them in everlost .
we 're left to stew in this forsaken place , working our fingers to the bone in 18 hour shifts in the mines under order from management !
i mean , seeing as how i ' m the queen of this place . ''
i knew i was going to hate this place just from the exterior .
if mr . franks lost his job , there would be no refuge left for me in this school , and i think i might have to start writing letters to the local papers about how hard it is to be black at childress high school , a place that does absolutely nothing to celebrate my heritage .
a place that inadvertently says to me every day that white is right .
in fact , even the native humans in those places seem to have an awareness of our immortality , more so , than in other places . ''
it was n't a sound that my consciousness would have allowed me to make in such an intense moment , if not for the concrete tone in lucan 's voice , reminding me of why i went to romania in the first place .
and they would not let the fear of a scene stop them from dragging our kicking and screaming bodies away from this place .
sometimes this place gets to be too much .
i mean , look at this place , it ca n't be real .
` ` i needed some space from this place , you know ? ''
he can read this place like i read the tiny shifts in a crowd , the back - and - forth of couples and conversation , society executing its slow revolutions around me like the stars in the heavens .
we could swim up to the sky and leave this place with no need to wait for a rescue ship .
maybe this place is an experiment - something in the air , or the water , that makes us see things .
i ' ve learned from it that this place has twenty - six - hour days .
` ` a few days ago and this place would have been flooded .
if i thought for a second something had happened to jae i would be ripping this place a part . ''
you know i hate these places . ''
bloody idiots running this place like ... '' her voice trailed off as reuben began speaking again .
she always told the nurses that her pain level was seven out of ten on their chart , ensuring she 'd get more morph**e . ` ` you might be feeling like the world is a very unfair place , '' landry tried .
these places seem more like a vacation , though , than a business trip .
` ` this place is already wearing on you , huh . ''
this place holds memories that stab at me every time i step foot inside it .
epilogue three weeks later ... kayden virginia is a pretty nice place , green , with lots of trees and wildlife roaming around .
we 'd spent more than ten years of our lives in keramzin , but usually i got the impression that mal wanted to forget everything about the place , maybe even me .
the duke 's library had seemed so grand to me , but compared to this place it was a hovel .
this place is more beautiful than i can describe , but i would trade it all to spend an afternoon skipping stones with you at trivka 's pond .
i wished he could be here to see this place .
we 'd passed through the ramshackle port town after the crash on the lake , but i 'd been too shaken and distracted to really take note of the way the place had changed .
` ` this place reminds me of keramzin , '' i said .
i was sending the students to the one place i knew with dormitories and space enough to house them , a place far from the fighting : keramzin .
` ` saints , i hate this place . ''
` ` just not that italian place . ''
` ` and how you have taken to this place with surprising panache .
this place fascinates me .
he thinks i ' m from a cult and i ' m fully aware of what that word 's been denoted to mean since , well , the latter part of the twentieth century , what those places are , the very polar opposite of the good and righteous place i truly come from .
he thinks i ' m from a cult and i ' m fully aware of what that word 's been denoted to mean since , well , the latter part of the twentieth century , what those places are , the very polar opposite of the good and righteous place i truly come from .
` ` it really is a beautiful place .
if such curtains had come with the place , they would have been down and in the trash before the first box was out of the moving truck .
an ' just wait ' til you see it at night , that place is all lit up - you never seen anythin ' so pretty .
` ` people think i ' m going places and i think they just want to come along . ''
` ` you are going places , donovan , '' danny added and then turned to katherine .
hell , i ' m only twenty - five , and that place made me feel old .
he really does n't go with the place .
` ` i just think that ... well , when we first got here yesterday all i could think about is what this place meant to us last july .
it did n't take us long to see that our music was n't as effective in these places as it was back home .
some places are really dangerous .
i ' m confident you 're as sick of this place as i am but you just quite have n't figured out how to let it go .
i looked around the place , trying to get a tingle of recognition .
` ` this place looks hungover , '' emma murmured .
` ` besides , tucson 's a pretty nice place .
the place stunk of vomit , that goes without saying , but vomit that had been baking in the sun during the apocalypse and right alongside the tantalizing scent of puke was a tangy scent of undeodorized armpits .
it was like i was watching everything taking place , floating above the poor sap who was violently shaking in pain below .
if there was a hell , i could n't imagine it being a fraction as stifling as this place .
` ` i mean , this place is , like , special .
even at night , this rotten place was scorching hot .
at least , the ruins all over the place seem like they would have been beautiful .
` ` i was willing to move to a place like banjali or bellhaven or anielle .
not to an entirely new continent - a place we hardly know anything about !
` ` so i ' m slaving in this miserable place for a name and title that do n't even belong to me ?
a year in this place has worn me through - imagine what will happen if i return .
i could n't think of sending her back to that wretched place ! ''
because of his support of a place like calaculla ?
for daring to believe in a world that 's better than this gods - forsaken place ? ''
` ` hypothetically , if someone had magic and i wanted to learn why , i 'd start by figuring out why magic left in the first place .
and every night since then , he 'd traced the scars down her back , silently swearing oath after oath that someday , he 'd go back to endovier and rip that place down stone by stone .
if this place were as ancient as gavin and brannon , most of the cloth would be dust .
the story ryan feels is the one that 's being written with each minute , this confounding and enjoyable story of the two of them finding a good time in what he now sees is a remarkably dire place .
` ` so you run this place ? ''
the place smelled of sour sweat .
uptight chick like you with money written all over her probably thinks she 's too good for this place .
and though i ' m a gypsy at heart - my mother always said home is where you rest your head to sleep - i ca n't deny that this place means something to me .
` ` outsiders speak of a place that 's free of it . ''
this place is hell .
as a little girl my nightmares were about this very place .
` ` if home is where a person finds sanctuary and peace , then this place has never been that to me . ''
lord knows i did n't do too well at that lady school - i 'd have been run off for sure by now if i had n't caused the place to be burned to the ground .
then , ragged little mary faber could n't even go in the back door of this place .
france seems to be a pleasant place , in spite of all the awful tales i have heard of it ever since i got old enough to listen .
their eyes grow big as their fingers trace over the lines of latitude and longitude and the trade winds and the trade routes and names like singapore and madagascar and cancun , names of places that do not sit easy on their british tongues but do excite their young minds .
` ` when i was in lord hollingsworth 's service , '' he continues , ` ` his lordship would rant and rave far into the night about the scoundrels that abounded in a place called harwich .
we know you to be a bad influence on the good girls of this place with your whorish ways , and we will not have it ! ''
no matter what happens ashore , the emerald must be able to shake free of this place .
he grabs his backpack and swaggers toward the front door of the school like he owns the place .
` ` nice place , '' i say , and then i bump into a pole with a velvet rope and nearly send the whole line of them crashing to the floor .
and that , i now understand , is the draw of places like this .
the shape of the land is the same as the place we left , the side of a mountain with trees , but here the trees have no leaves or needles .
he sighs like this place suddenly bores him , tugs his hand through his hair again .
this place is going to be an inferno in about five minutes .
i kiss him like i probably should be embarrassed to do in a place like heaven , which feels like church , a place where god is looking right at you , but i do n't stop .
i ' m using lube because i ' m going places no man has gone before . ''
` ` i could care less the place , but why ? ''
` ` well if i still had places to visit i would do that , and then i 'd decide what to do .
i know everyone , even ryan , thinks i ' m crazy to do all the stuff i do at school , but i honestly love the place .
i do n't know why , but for whatever reason , she threw up wards all over the place .
` ` but when i got here , the place was shaking , and i thought there was an earthquake .
although the place appears at first to be primitive , lev knows upper crust when he sees it , from the luxury cars parked on the side streets to the gold plaques embedded in the adobe walls .
the whole place is a petri dish of angst , generated by kids whose parents gave up on them , which is the worst kind of angst there is .
except that this place is falling apart .
` ` and second , '' hayden says , not denying it , ` ` it 's preparing me for a career in broadcasting , which i plan to pursue once i turn seventeen and get out of this place . ''
` ` what have you told them about this place ? ''
he 's back in that place again , only now he 's a problem kid responsible for hundreds of other problem kids .
there are some who want to take this place out - they just need a reason . ''
` ` they 're not the nicest of places , are they ?
` ` the juvenile authority wants to clean the place out , and with these attacks on civilian neighborhoods , we wo n't be able to stop them . ''
as the last of his consciousness filters away , trace holds on to the hope that his choice to fight on the side of the awols instead of the juvenile authority will be enough to pay his passage to a truly better place .
some small towns are places you 'd want to come from and eventually go back to : warm , inviting communities that breathe out americana the way rain forests breathe out oxygen .
it 's a place she 's never been , but that 's a good thing , because it can only be an improvement over the places she has been lately .
it 's a place she 's never been , but that 's a good thing , because it can only be an improvement over the places she has been lately .
anyway , he had places to go , and i would n't let him unless he promised to take me with him .
` ` not new york , '' is all nelson is willing to offer , which sets argent rambling on about other places he 's never been , but would like to go , fishing for any hints that nelson might give .
connor finds himself holding his breath as they pass the exit , as if the place will reach out tentacles and drag them in .
` ` my driving 's fine , '' connor insists , ` ` but this place is eating my brain . ''
she says a lady would not go to such a place .
i look over to see the woman , bent over and sewin ' at the same sort of garment she 's got on herself - rough cloth coat , rough cloth waistcoat , rough cloth skirt , her own clothing long since rotted off in the rank dampness of this place .
` ` how do you know so much about this place , jacky ? ''
my group is called the newgaters crew , since most of us came from that foul pit , or from places very similar - convicted thieves , scammers , petty criminals , and such .
thinking of that place , i do a bit of ` ` the young girl cut down in her prime , '' and it seems to go over well , as i hear no complaints .
i ' ve traveled around some in this world , but never have i been in a more beautiful place - soaring cliffs , blue water and crashing surf , hanging gardens that assault the senses with their heady perfumes , and acres upon acres of the finest grapes .
we have already visited several very exotic ports , and though we can not wander far , still we have time to taste some of the wonders of the places .
you know that i always just wanted to have a small ship to take stuff from a place that had a lot of that stuff to a place that did not have a lot of that stuff and so prosper .
you know that i always just wanted to have a small ship to take stuff from a place that had a lot of that stuff to a place that did not have a lot of that stuff and so prosper .
in short , captain bligh had cut off the rum ration to everyone , convict or garrison guard alike , and the place was in turmoil .
this place is in turmoil , and for us it is dangerous .
he said some day my prince will come and save me and take me away from this bad place .
man i love that place .
jeff and i were planning on going out to my grandfather 's ranch in mason in a few weeks to catch up with the old man and help out with some things he needed done around the place .
i mean i know most of it was the evil bitch who shall not be named , but still , brad 's father stood by and allowed her evil to take place . ''
ok . maybe south salton would be a better place without roth in it .
she 's living near the scottish councilman and their training centre so the place is crawling with neith .
` ` i ca n't wait to be out of this place for three months . ''
i 'd love to get out of this place for the summer and you 're stuck here . ''
courtney 's sobbing all over the place just like aspen 's parents are doing with her .
i do n't even know what it is about the place .
i ' ve lived so many places , i do n't fit into any mold .
` ` i ' m from a lot of places . ''
' the thing that worries me , ' sophie said , ' is having to stay in this dreadful place for the rest of my life .
` ` it 's less ... solid ... than the place you come from .
i mean , they all said they would ... if i did ... it 's just that i do n't think that any of them actually expected me to conquer this place , and they all have things to do , farms and houses and children and wives .
you wait here , in this hot , horrible place , for reinforcements who do n't want to come , while the locals hate you ... '' ` ` so go home , '' said odd .
' that was how it came with us from the place with the orangey sky .
there were many places after that .
` ` what a funny , nice place , '' said matilda .
` ` this is n't a nice place . ''
` ` you know , '' said amos , stopping once to look at a grey spiderweb that spread from the limb of a tree above them to a vine creeping on the ground , ` ` this place is n't so grey after all .
` ` if you want to call it a place , which i do n't .
` ` as you ' ve probably figured out , there are only two people in this place who have the lady balls to stand up to her - and i ' m one of them , but i had no idea you 'd be the other , '' kat said , voice dripping with glee .
it 's a terrible place .
maybe it was this place that had inexplicably always felt like a home .
and i ' ve heard he 's fixed the place up and it looks better than it ever did .
the sheriff 's room , the grandest in the place , were empty , but it were clear the maids had been through here , scrubbing floors and laying fresh rushes , putting up the heavy winter bedclothes and tapestries .
i knew where we were - this were the sheriff 's old quarters , the nicest room in the place .
it were n't my fault that he made me come here , made me stay in this god - awful place .
the place were overrun , packed with common folk everywhere you could look .
it was a cursed place , shunned by all .
jake had expected the place to smell bad with so many people and animals in one place , but the city was crisscrossed with flowing canals , along with raised aqueducts and roadside drains .
jake pictured the town , beginning to understand the place a bit better .
then again , perhaps the myths of kukulkan among the maya came from this place .
had they carried myths of monsters and feathered serpents from this place back to their native lands ?
when pindor noticed them , he asked , ` ` are those places cursed ? ''
` ` they must think no one could ever escape this place , '' pindor whispered .
` ` maybe jessie thought this place needed some laughs , '' i said .
personally , i think addison crept back to peacedale to get some very needed tlc , with sleep and rest , even while she was acting like peacedale was the worst place ever .
` ` was lucia 's family depressed to find out you came with the place , claude ?
sometimes even poor old arthur joined in , guilt pleating his forehead since he was the one who 'd bought alex the stupid fashion internship in the first place .
this place is officially dangerous .
` ` the histories do n't mention stetriol , but it 's a real place .
` ` this place is big , '' trevor murmured .
` ` this place is old , '' celia said .
` ` this place is coming down . ''
it was easy to imagine the place teeming with witches and ghosts .
` ` this place is scary at night , '' nate said , running his hand along the top of a worn old headstone .
they got out of the buick and hurried along ingrim place until they reached 2225 , a modest home with a basketball hoop out front .
working in a place like this , you must have heard of them . ''
` ` i thought this place was full of scrubbers , '' cole said , knots of worry tightening in his stomach .
` ` this place could be worse , at least , '' dalton said .
` ` you have n't seen the place ! ''
cole knew he would never get used to living in a place where people regularly got killed .
maybe people in this weird place would let their kids disappear without a fight .
` ` outside of this place ?
then again , they would probably all get sold to different places anyhow .
this place might be weird , but not that weird . ''
` ` i do n't know anything about this place , '' cole admitted .
cole was n't sure he could watch out for himself in a place like skyport .
` ` this place is nothing but trouble .
` ` especially this place .
` ` after brady left , this place stopped changing .
it 's a good place with good people .
she felt lucky to live in such a beautiful place .
dreams are more like the place you come from ?
and this place was supposed to be really old .
how could he really be stuck here , in the middle of this insane place , so far from everyone he knew ?
this place is horrible at night . ''
whatever your intentions might be , this place will get a hold of you . ''
yrene could n't die like this - not here , not as a no - name barmaid in this horrible place .
it had merely been an abandoned house - its previous owners dead or smart enough to leave this festering place .
then- '' the world is a far bigger and more dangerous place than you can imagine , girl .
without it , they 'd fly like mortals , squinting and streaming tears all over the place .
` ` when you come back , '' the prince said , ` ` burn this place to the ground . ''
` ` you said you were afraid this place would freak me out , '' i said softly .
i spent too much time when i was younger living under restrictions , never living for myself , never enjoying things , and i refuse to go back to that place again .
it 's the line i put up between most of the people that breeze through my life , to keep people away , to keep me safe from ever having to go to that place i lived for so many years .
she was originally from wisconsin - sheboygan , which alex did n't think was a real place until the everly brothers mentioned it - and said bloody was way better than other swears because all her friends , most of whom were lutherans , thought she was just being cute : oh , that hannah .
greg imagined it was the reason peter tagged aidan for the job in the first place .
the place creeped her out , day or night .
that 's why i send all my notes and ideas for new work away to london for safekeeping in the first place .
if spring ever comes to a place like this .
the guy went a gajillion places , climbed mountains , nearly killed himself getting to the top of vesuvius , walked everywhere , wandered around the worst of london 's slums with some inspector .
no , that was wrong : before this place made itself out of the fog .
this place freaked him out , especially the fog .
or maybe only they died in this place , but lizzie somehow got emma out ?
lizzie said meredith died before lizzie could finish this place . ''
she made this place out of her idea of a peculiar , and then she bound you .
` ` my mom liked to see new places .
i 'd started there almost three months ago , a few weeks after moving to bellevue , which was n't a bad place .
those who do n't embalm rarely come to places like ludwig and wilton , so i only saw one small slice of belief and practice .
i was n't here to make friends , but as i 'd learned in kansas , being in a new place is hard enough .
you love that place . ''
not like these places . ''
i 'd been afraid being there would be uncomfortable , but ash - ville is n't a big place .
that , at best , he thought i was hysterical and at worse , psycho , someone he should have known better than to get involved with in the first place .
i ran my middle fingers under both eyes at once , assuredly emphasizing my beaten - up look , which is what i got for wearing heavy eye makeup in the first place .
not that your parents and julie do n't , but with you and me it 's different because we 're coming from the same place .
it was hard to imagine being as sad as he was in a place like this , but i guessed i had been sad here once , too .
that left me with only sam and grace , and they 'd both decided to go to college , of all places .
god , this place was soul - sucking .
this place : were movies hollywood - perfect because this place was , or had they built this place to perfection because of the movies ?
i picked cole up and we headed to koreatown , a place that many of sierra 's monsters were afraid of because they were silly little weaklings who believed what their mothers told them .
suddenly , instead of my parents , i just saw two people in their late fifties , tourists in this glittering , strange place , tired from sleeping in an unfamiliar hotel room , eager to get back to routine .
it seemed like a place that would n't notice you as much if you had a day off or got old .
before , it had been a place that existed only in the heat of summer , concrete sidewalks and leaves curved up toward the sun , everything smelling of warm asphalt and dissipating truck exhaust .
` ` do you like this place or not ? ''
the two of them were golden - haired and angelic , both of them looking like inventions of this place .
now , let us flee this coarse place before it rubs off .
so far , the only act of rebellion piper had performed had been to wreck the rental car by driving it aggressively through a shopping center sign to demonstrate just how unsuited she was for living in a place where she could n't walk to shops .
` ` if not cabeswater itself , then a place like it , '' malory continued .
` ` so you 're telling me that not only does this jesse dittley believe there 's a curse on this place , but actually , he is right , and he 's going to die . ''
` ` i ' ve done this for seven years , and this is the first time i 'll have to leave a place looking worse because i ' ve been there .
or maybe just get the hell out of this place .
he did not much like the place , but he did not say it .
it came out sounding like he hated the place .
` ` can you believe , '' he asked tragically , ` ` that i grew up in a place like this ? ''
a place that looked on the outside like adam looked on the inside .
it probably had something to do with things like spring break and places like costa rica and the spanish coast .
now that he knew that ronan was all right , he could see that henrietta after dark was a beautiful place , a patchwork town embroidered with black tree branches .
it was not that she was scared of flashing lights on the emf reader or adam 's watch refusing to work , but she had n't gotten out of bed in the morning expecting to encounter a place where possibly time did n't work .
` ` even assuming that is true , cabeswater is a bit of a strange place .
this place is all about being real .
this place creeps me the hell out .
` ` this place seems to have a lot of them , '' abeke agreed .
this place sure was getting to him .
ugly little place , is n't it ? ''
maybe i was just a big shooting star like linnet said , and i 'd be a big nobody in a desk job when i got out of this place .
without the weight of that clarion sky , we would ' ve soared into the towering white clouds and away from this imperfect place .
` ` let 's blow this place , '' said the ruggedly handsome hero on the big screen , and i opened my eyes .
` ` to a place up state . ''
` ` he 'd do anything to help this place , and the city needs him . ''
this place sucks every emotion out of me , i can not help it .
it was a bleak place and it was because of the fates .
it is because this place is nothing compared to the fear that i feel over losing anyone that i love .
george had warned him that this reality was a dreary , dreadful place where it rained constantly .
in a place where rain was the norm , it made perfect sense for the dead to be buried in some kind of vault or tomb instead of within the spongy , soaked , muddy earth .
dead people would be floating all over the place if they 'd made that mistake .
the air had winter 's bite of cold - the place was far in the north with a high altitude - but he 'd worn his thick coat and gloves , so he actually felt great , refreshed and full of life .
tick 's alterants had all been born in the same place and buried in the same vicinity .
he looked at his gps navigation watch - the one he 'd , um , taken for free from a poor sucker back in carson city , the closest patch of civilization to this wretched place .
` ` old billy 's fancy ' puter that runs the place .
he was standing in a house that made him feel like he was four feet tall , in an entirely different world , about to eat dinner with three giants and a man shaped like a big beach ball , in a place where his twin had been the leader of the entire planet and had been assassinated by insane men dressed like clowns .
what chills me bones is to think of what we 'll see if we get inside the ruddy place .
` ` the first thing we have to do is get out of this place .
you 'll save the universe with your fancy powers , then we 'll get the kids out , then we 'll burn the whole place to the ground .
if we 're looking to rescue children from this miserable place , these patches will be our best shot . ''
i , too , said a silent goodbye , to a place that had changed me forever - and the place that , more than any graveyard , would forever contain the memory , and the mystery , of my grandfather .
` ` ' this place is dying , ' miss wren often said . ''
` ` this place is nothing but a graveyard . ''
` ` those are awful places , '' sam said .
` ` so when father went to war they tried shipping us off to family elsewhere - and because father 's sister in devon is terribly mean and would only take one of us , they tried shipping esme and me off to different places .
it was as if a glacier was being born somewhere in the heart of the place , and its frozen tongues were squeezing out wherever there was an opening .
pretty green place .
all i can say is they were n't your regular sort of orphan children - not like them barnardo home kids they got in other places , who you 'll see come into town for parades and things and always have time for a chat .
if not for all the wonderful things grandpa portman had said about this place , i might ' ve wondered if miss peregrine had rescued the children just to harvest their organs .
` ` in any case , as regards this place , '' she said , gesturing grandly .
yes , it was beautiful and life was good , but if every day were exactly alike and if the kids really could n't leave , as miss peregrine had said , then this place was n't just a heaven but a kind of prison , too .
` ` i bet there 's a lot of things about this place she would n't like you to know . ''
emma took him gently by the shoulder and said , ` ` horace , what more do you know about this place ? ''
magpie had never felt a place so desolate .
` ` you from this place ? ''
but skive , that cat 's keeping a cool eye over the place . ''
i mean , this place is tighter than fort knox .
` ` it is not a name of a place , kropp .
found him wandering around the arnold place just now . ''
` ` i stayed in that house and never saw any crystal skull , but it was n't like i searched the place . ''
the first tale long ago , the monster said , before this was a town with roads and trains and cars , it was a green place .
starlings , new york is not the place you d expect much to happen .
emily watched it and its beauty ; she did n't think that something this pretty could be found in a place so dark and full of death .
plus , this place is pretty secretive .
sami 's heart surged within him and he stared at her , taking in the last beauty he would ever see in this place called earth .
i was nt the only sloppy dressed kid trying to escape this place .
most traders steered clear of the area , but the roads heading north and south still touched the borders of the accursed place .
the nightmare stories of this place had suddenly become very real .
i ve traveled to many lands with my father , but in all my years i have never seen anything like this accursed place .
i have told you how dangerous this valley is , but you go walking down the road like you own the place .
she shook her head and said impatiently , some say they were once like us , but living in such an evil place has warped their humanity .
this place is starting to scare me a little bit .
so what do you think of this place ?
` ` it seemed like a nice place .
he made the right choice , but is still a fool for losing the stuff in the first place .
this place is home to the quote genius unquote as he says .
again dave himself was from rochester which i gave him hell about , since some of our stories came from that same place .
i went to the old guys funeral and said well he s chasing women in that great whorehouse in the sky , or the other place .
so , i had to get back before the cops started dusting the place .
oldford is a quiet , slow , settled place with winding streets that climb above the harbour .
the blistered grey trunks of once elegant trees lined the edge of a distant field , and traced the path of the dried up river bed through this sorry place .
through a dozen winters she had seen the icy beauty of that place .
the big city gang would be , at best , uncomfortable without crystal and i began to realise that i , too , was away from home in a strange place .
i followed on through the marshes and woodlands up to the foothills of the snowy mountains , where erebos lay and wondered how we would come out of this place .
we turned our back on the evil place and began to walk up an old sheep track .
when i was just a boy he told me tales of the place and many years later , after he had returned to the mainland , he gave me his books to read .
i had seen the place before , as a patchwork , miniature world , from the heights of the snowy mountains .
a few hardy walkers and climbers spend time in the mountains during the summer , but the essence of the place remains the same .
* shit , i hate this place when it starts this crap , manny said , looking out the front windshield , as it started to snow .
he was a vet back from that horrible place , and we were so inundated with negative propaganda .
our pastor was going to re - baptize him so he would be free from the sins he committed in that godforsaken place .
mr . anderson , minnesota is great anytime of the year , compared to some of the places we end up .
not able to go back for him without admitting they were there in the first place , he was left for dead .
this place is creepy and odd .
you have to be to survive places like this .
that way we can find each other and help each other get out of this place .
after giving , with georges help , alice and robin a quick rsum of what had taken place , the albrights thankfully left us to try and come to terms with what had just happened .
he was perfect she had told george , he can do all the things that you do nt want to do around the place .
it turned out that it was not a real taxi ; it just looked like one , and itzas chauffeur then took us on a wonderful two hour tour of the island , just to get a feel for the place .
this place is like a small palace in the wild .
this place is nice , but the only friend i have here is amelia .
its a nice place to visit , but not such a nice place to live in forever .
i mean norborough it ai nt tha bad , no sir , but this place a yorn was a bloody manor !
she was probably going to die there , in that dirty , smelly , filthy place .
ye gods , was there anyone that lived in this place ?
she was going places .
this place is nt so bad , i guess , larissa said , gripping herself from the sudden chill .
such a nice place , do nt you think ?
such a nice place .
but living in a pig sty would have been better than living in that place .
remember , we are guests here and we are not familiar yet with the customs of this place .
this place makes me feel silly , hunt admitted , do you think there really is a town somewhere out here ?
no wonder , taylor answered , if our information is correct all the industrial technology in this place is at least two centuries old .
he was starting to like this place a lot .
i do nt know , he replied not sure what to say , this place creeps me out .
he opened the door and turned his head for one last look onto the place that had brought so many hours of joy for him .
taylors feelings whirled between anger and hopelessness , this place seems so happy and healthy and civilized and you are telling me you have no doctors ?
we have a place called sudbury that is modeled after an ancient schooling experiment where our children go to learn .
they d had special road tyres fitted as they were going to be used for towing the aircraft and the heavier bits of ground equipment around the place , not ploughing fields .
within a few days i had an invitation from agnethas parents to attend their daughters laying to rest and i let it be known around the place that anyone that would like to , would be more than welcome to accompany me to the service , an so two days later one hundred and twenty - seven people and i climbed aboard an airbus 320 and flew to sweden .
robin , emma and i spent many an hour idly chatting about this and that as mark lay sleeping , and robin finally wheedled the truth out of me about what had recently transpired , and emma , who had been reading a magazine and half listening , put her two pennth in , perhaps you are going stir crazy in that place , and perhaps she was right , el campo did have all the characteristics of a prison sometimes .
with all this activity going on around the place i was starting to feel slightly redundant , but breena came to my rescue yet again pictures , not the action pact movies in my very own climate controlled cinema , but pictures that you hang on the walls .
let me see , normally she calls in for a chat mid - morning to bring me up to speed on what is going on around the place , and then to say good - night about eight in the evening , but as their air lingus flight from jfk was late she popped in about eleven oclock to tell me all about the wedding , so that must be seventy - five days ago .
i said , everythings fine honey , let 's get going , this place has a creepy feeling about it , i 'll cast off you run the boat .
i know how they think and what s important to them ; this trip will allow me first - hand knowledge on how things came unglued in different places .
next stop belize city , of all the places we had visited i was anxious to see how belize had fared , it had a small population still i had no doubt the collapse had affected them adversely as well .
we discussed belize i told them it 's a much different place than what my buddy described to me when he lived there in the fifties , but still it had a beauty and diversity few places on earth could equal .
do n't you have enough of those feathered noisemakers about the place already ?
as much as she cared for him , would her love persuade her parents to allow this wedding to take place ?
you know damn well i ca nt stand looking at garbage all over the place .
maybe the stress of taking care of mom and dad has something to do with my dislike for this place .
in some places they even shut down the public school systems .
in some places , right here in of virginia , there are middle - aged black men and women who have very little formal education only because the public schools in the county they grew up in were closed down .
lived in south carolina and other places , but i consider myself a virginian .
i love this place ; but i m almost ashamed to say that .
yet , everyday that goes by , every time i leave the farm , i see things that make me think i m living in the middle of a place where the civil rights movement turned out differently than it did in most other places .
yet , everyday that goes by , every time i leave the farm , i see things that make me think i m living in the middle of a place where the civil rights movement turned out differently than it did in most other places .
it was a place which was considered by most as a myth , a myth depicted in the legends written by geoffrey of monmouth on earth .
they busted up the place . ''
in some places they call me pacino . ''
the clowns in a place like that wo nt worry me . ''
the very reason he had left court in the first place was because he had no interest in politics , intrigue and scheming .
you and i will flee this horrid place .
we will live to tell our children of this place .
by tomorrow , they would be safe on the sea , far from this dreadful place .
we do not want to stay in this evil place any longer .
my wife sali and i escaped from this place many years ago .
not that in any other place he would have had better life or chance , she said .
they have captured the stage of life in this place .
yes , he was capable to make friends everywhere , but the place itself was seen like an obscure point on the map , and difficult to reach or go out .
once he had listened to a lecture of a wise jew , who came to speak in a kibbuts , where elkano was living for a short time it took him one month to conclude that to live such a place had not been for him .
she adored the fact that many of the stories took place in a place long gonea dry , bustling wealthy , hyper - kinetic manhattan , a romantic island filled with sex and sin .
he hates this place .
a place so nonchalant about , so inured to death , it did nt even know when its people died .
she felt like the days in this place , the days underground in the subway , even the hours spent in the gramercy arms basement and the library had blanched her , like asparagus .
the mechanic seemed like a likeable sort , strangely intelligent and reserved , which struck her as odd for someone who would be doing that job in that place .
it was a rough place that demanded that its inhabitants be hearty , a sentiment that many of those same inhabitants felt obliged to impress upon newcomers , as a matter of tradition .
because i do nt want to see this place ruined any more than you do , he said , but if that is what it takes to guarantee our security until we do nt have to do those things anymore , then that is what we have to do .
he told his fianc that it would only be for a short time , and then the postponed wedding could take place when he got back .
he had no intention of becoming a permanent resident in that god - forsaken place .
still , there were moments of happiness he remembered and one could not entirely separate the place from the time .
she had arrived back in the small town of iliom , missouri , the same place she left a year earlier without any forewarning or fanfare .
eventually , the flower children , such as allison , drifted away to other places .
those were the places she cared mostly about , the side roads .
i told you , i do nt want to see that place again .
he had a few sheep and a couple of big old dogs to keep him company with his books and his writing and claimed he never intended to leave the place while he was alive .
if not for bobby , we probably would have left here with a totally different attitude about the place .
yes , i believe were sending our young soldiers into those alien places to die for cheap oil that supports a way of life that is totally dependant upon our access to a resource that is only plentiful in those foreign and hostile places .
in some places , intelligent people were doing things that made sense for the long term as well as the short term .
declared ernest , i thought the thing was located in hollywood or some place like that .
instinctively , she realized this was not a bad place , but rather a beautiful place where angry proles came one day long ago to plunder and pillage .
yes sir , the shits in the rotor blades now , boys , and soon its going to be stinking up the whole place , said bobby to no one in particular .
were going to send our children to this miserable place to suffer and die for many years to come to protect the rights of a bunch of fat - assed people to drive around twenty - four hours a day in gas guzzling vehicles to malls or to the gym for aerobics or to travel two hundred miles roundtrip to work in the city from a two acre suburban spread that requires a smog belching tractor to mow the grass twice weekly .
eventually , she gave some lame excuse and got out of the place .
the place she first came to in 1968 .
alfred was not directly involved in that plan , other than associating with ahmad in the first place and taking his money , which turned out to be substantial .
even so , just being some place so foreignand ruralfelt like it was already doing them a world of good .
after four years , places like poland , hungary , slovakia , romania , and macedonia were war zones .
on the other hand , the only reason i d enlisted in the first place was to make my father happy , not knowing there would be a full - fledged global war on the horizon .
bordeaux , once were out , we blow the entire place , abdullah or no .
i can confirm that we are not from any of these places , but little else .
the place was a gold mine .
all i knew was that in a place like rome it was better to avoid getting caught than to stick around with even the slightest bit of suspicion directed toward you .
how many of his friends and colleagues would never have this chance to say a proper goodbye to this place ?
but they seemed stuck in his nostrils and mind , even after a week back in this place .
his hand came up to touch his brow as he saluted the place that had been his home for so long , the only real home he had ever known .
hell , he had spent his life time in those places and he barely understood the depths of poverty , injustice and rage that erupted in war for each of them .
even his tours on embassy duty in places like england and germany , he had never witnessed anything like it .
so i thought i 'd spend some time traveling , seeing places and visiting old friends . ''
for one brief year they ran the illegal moonshine trade , set up gambling houses , whorehouses , master - minded and staged robberies , and took a cut from every job that went down within a hundred miles of the place .
i do nt know what the place is going to look like .
they go out there , look the place over .
response time in such places is usually from half an hour to half a day .
the place is like that .
and let me tell you , i do nt know of any technology business , diagnostic or otherwise , within twenty miles of sonnys place .
this place has gone lax .
the county is by no means , however , a backward place .
we should never have come to this place .
england was a great place , but the ladies seemed to stay away .
i ca nt stop the ceremony taking place .
boston or portsmouth or quincy or any of a half - dozen more places .
tarzyn , an interested spectator of all that had taken place , sat speculating on the strange actions of these peculiar creatures .
how queer the name in this bloody place .
` ` a beautiful place , though , honey . ''
` ` this place has quite a history , jack .
sure , i realized there was n't a hope for a computer in a place that did n't even have indoor plumbing , but i did n't expect to have to strip bark off of birch trees and write with ink made from plant roots .
if she taught me to use her glider , could it carry me out of this place ?
he 'd see the lights on in my place and turn them off and he 'd do it because he kept an eye on the place .
did i want to figure out the social structure of this place ?
was this place landlocked ?
i turned slowly , studying everything , muddy water , muddy edge , muddy path , and tried to imagine the place hot and dry with summer .
the lettiwick family had been missing for a week now , long enough that we 'd had police all over the place and way too many tv vans and cameras .
the place does have a lot of sand .
each exhausted from the trip and wondering why roy has made them come all the way here , to this weird and shady place .
i came as soon as i noticed you were in trouble my lady , commented the lion , now hop on my back and lets get out of this vile place .
finally i picked her up and carried her to the local hospital , or what passes for a hospital in this place .
so we are happy to be his daughters , to send him off with a kiss and lunch , then run the place , wait and worry until he returns home .
and what you ve made this place into is what arabel should have been .
it was a place she knew well .
there were a lot of trebs on the road and opia troops all over the place .
the town looked gloomy to rica , as though the day had just drained all the sunshine out of the place .
' you may get into trouble by what has taken place . '
that 's a frightful place , that bastille !
' and what took place ? '
' gentlemen , ' said d'artagnyn , addressing the guardswomen , ' you may easily comprehend that such a feast can only be very dull after what has taken place ; so accept my excuses , and put off the party till another day , i beg of you . '
59 what took place at portsmouth august 23 , 1628 felton took leave of milord as a sister about to go for a mere walk takes leave of her brother , kissing his hand .
d'artagnyn related what had taken place between the cardinal and herself , and drawing the commission from her pocket , said , ' here , my dear athys , this naturally belongs to you . '
besides , i do n't walk around the place looking for trouble ; tearing off people 's sketches , calling them idiots , armature or unpleasant things . ` `
she had worked in lots of places for the past two years ranging from grocery stores , shopping malls , housekeeping , fashion stores , table waiting and hair dressing .
gosh , this place is big .
amsterdams strategic importance as a baltic seaport was the main reason holland was invaded in the first place .
yes , the labor camps were horrible places .
but lived in or not , the gloomy place would make just as good a hideout as any .
guard duty was never fun under any circumstances , but this place seemed to have taken a special toll .
` ` we must be quick to leave this place .
` ` again there are new evils in this place .
i know this place though not as well as you , but khourne and i are not strangers . ''
this is an evil place .
` ` why do you fear this place ? ''
she also had emergency air testing gauges all over the place .
but it has those same damn mystery glyphs , which are all over this place .
he d taken more than a dozen tests already this year at this special testing center near his new school , and he knew lots of things about this place .
this place scared him .
there seemed to be deer all over the place .
nice thing about most of the courses round here is that they re open all year , said jonny as they walked off the 18th green , some of them and this one in particular , are just a riot of color in the spring as there are azaleas and rhodos all over the place .
this place is called steveston my father owns a farm here .
if i did nt care i could run up to ucluelet , in to bamfield or even right up the sound to port alberni although bamfield would be pretty stupid because its such a small place .
you ll fly into san jose and then take a local flight to a little place called golfito .
the archduke 's mistress wishes to leave , to be rid of this place for the moment .
by sunrise , i longed to be well away from this place , archduke phillip in hand .
but he found us to be a respite from the routine that hovered around the place .
riktenburg as a place , as a happy country , is worth dying for .
anyway , it jives with what we ve been seeing from them in other places .
while they walked , clift asked shyly does nt this place look different than it did yesterday ?
strange places indeed .
there were big blonde men in those places .
mister hadj was from the same place as my rattlesnake of a pa . araby , or someplace like , though i do nt rightly know the name since neither him nor my pa ever said a blasted word about the old country .
that was some years back , when the place was hollow and dying .
` ` and you call this place civilized ? ''
this was the main reason he agreed to the weekly radio broadcasts in the first place .
need i remind you of the horror stories we ve heard about in other places ?
anyone who wishes to depart may , but i would strongly advise against it since things appear pretty nasty in certain places .
it would have driven the dog of the place to howl but there was not a dog in the place , just two with a bit of idiocy about them .
if a person were aware something was about to happen they could give a more precise description of what just took place .
i hope the people who live here are friendlier to strangers than this place portrays .
at least , he thought , someone actually lives in this decrepit place .
rubys place must undoubtedly be a real dump .
right you are brother , but i still have to say this place amazes me every time we pass through it .
hmmm , say they said the murdock place huh ?
she said she just wanted to get out of that place and go home .
it had been a pretty little place , tucked between the ocean and the mountains .
landon wondered if evermore could be any more lovely and inviting than this place .
why think you there is a ring of cinder and ash for leagues around this place ?
` ` i did n't write anything about a place called ashira , '' she reminded him .
in the moments he spent lost in bittersweet memories of this place and the people who would never return to it , elaina thought of hetarth .
if we have to fight their way out of this place .
even at this distance i can see debris flying all over the place , a whirl of fragments , bits of mast spars , sails rigging .
the pickle quivers as the sails unfurl and i think to myself : yes , i m not sorry to be leaving this god forsaken place .
it is however a place of incredible natural beauty .
he had seen wonderful places , some of the places he had seen were actual cities , like a ghost he would hover around unseen by folk .
it rankled him that he had never been able to get a straight answer about the place .
he had concocted a scheme that might get them out of the colonel 's place alive .
at the time i reasoned a position with the diplomatic service in some exotic place like russian would be an ideal job .
still i ve never heard mention of this pac toul place , replied sergeant scarburg .
our guys think this pac toul place may be sending coded radio messages into .
your right , until we heard of pac toul , nobody would have given a plug nickel for aerial photos of this place .
* * * * * okay , enough of that , said the captain , now tell us more about this place .
he had been cast out of the place he had grown up in , cast out of the very society he d been born into and existed in all of his life .
oberon told them how he could move between worlds ; how they could all make a new life for themselves in a place that was and , at the same time , was not their old home ; how the stories they would bring with them of arthur and his knights would be a gift and inspiration to the people there forever .
tomorrow is your chance to show me you care about this place and your job .
we got some tire impressions , but they could be from patrol cars that were driving all over the place .
kind of an eighteen - and - out place , unless you wanted to work in the mines .
peter would have preferred a more obscure place , but the few americans that went to iran were expected to stay in the best hotels .
look , rachael , i know this place still mystifies you .
yeah , some place that treated him better .
the spirits in this place are dark indeed .
this place is overrun with punks .
` ` in a place this size they ' ve got more to worry about than stupid stories coming out of port just , have n't they ?
overnight , this place suddenly stops feeling like school and you realise you can just ask for whatever you want . ''
in most of the empire , this place is just a legend .
this place is like a signpost : look , here are the important things you would like to steal .
eric believed he had made a mistake to chuck the world of academia for this place , but at least he could look at himself in the mirror and say he had tried to find his father .
it was also an abominable place , dripping with maleficence , the home of malaria as well as other deadly diseases , some so obscure that there simply was no cure .
stick close to either chris or me if you want to leave this place in one piece .
i realize i have nt known you long , but in this place it seems as if its been a lifetime .
this place gives me the creeps , catalina said .
airedale hospital was a busy place , but the witching hour was usually close to pub closing time .
the place had an odor , a strong pungent smell that turned the nose .
beth was finally being exposed to these wonderful exciting places .
you re going to schelle , which is a pretty little place .
the city of york was a thriving vibrant place situated in north yorkshire , england .
the american tourists loved this place .
he was a bright lad and was going places .
he knew this place was real and not some fanciful tale , manufactured by the high priests .
if there s such a place as hell , i m sure this would be the postcard picture for it wish you were here , hah - hah .
professor schmidt , could you sum up for our viewers what we have seen taking place so far ?
i m not saying valiros is a bad place to live ; i mean , in a lot of ways its practically perfect .
my world had nt always been a structured , pretty place , at least not until the change .
at school , we were taught that our world was once a savage and inhospitable place , consumed by an unending darkness that bred solitude , forcing its people to live only to survive .
my home is a ... complicated place , with many cultures living side by side , each with their own laws and beliefs .
valiros is a beautiful place ; people have the right to know why .
its nothing you d know about unless you were looking for it and to be blunt , it was a place we d both rather not return to .
but the last time i saw him we had a fight and i did nt think i d ever see this place again , let alone pete .
with his care and guidance , hopefully something good could come of this place for a change .
dylan , how much do you know about this place ?
you have nt read anything about this place ?
a little digging around and you would have found that this place is more than just a filthy , condemned hospital .
what did that have to do with this place ?
this place has become a source of dark energy and power that can no longer be ignored .
he replied that some might be training pilots to fly while others had places to go .
the food was good , the exercise a healthy alternative to sitting in front of a computer every day , and maggie sinclair began to really feel at home for the first time since she had left the air force academy in colorado , a place she had loved .
we spoke for a long time , monsieur , of various things : of perugino , of raphael , of the manners and customs of the place , and about the celebrated aqua tofana , the secret of which , i believe , madame had been told was still kept by some people in perugia .
although we do nt have an official caste system here we are mostly grouped by our income , the ones of us who can pull out of the cycle and make it to middle class do , the ones who ca nt end up at the stratford or a place like it .
it was a terrible place , starvation , disease , abject poverty .
i m going to miss this place but being poor now i m going to have to get used to drinking at home .
this is a pretty rough looking place .
if i had that much cash i d have houses and cars all over the place and a private jet to get me there .
part of him was enjoying cruising over places he d only ever heard about , but the other half was totally sick of being cooped up in the tiny cockpit of the comet .
manchester in february was a miserable place .
he did nt know how to feel about returning to a place that almost claimed his life but he figured that could ve happened anywhere .
this place that chris despised only months earlier did seem like home to him , now .
i ve always preferred this place to the shorlin hotel or the boardinghouse , it always feels more like home .
not only do i want to marry someone that i love but i want to marry a farmer , someone who loves this place as much as i do .
a thought that chris never would have imagined he would think ... coar , a small place ?
he did nt feel so much apart as part of this place now .
another unexplainable thing was that the flowers were moving ( she thought initially that they were directed by a pale of wind or something ) , and the girl could hear pleasant buzzing coming from all over the place .
bushel had , almost , come to think of the place as home .
this place is nt going to hold out for much longer .
calais fell to jerry yesterday ; they ve been bombing dunkirk for five days now , the place is a bloody shambles and we have over three hundred thousand men there .
he knew the impact of what had taken place was going to hit amandine eventually , possibly soon , and that letting her talk and laugh while she could was probably the best thing for her .
sometimes this place can make you kind of crazy , she said .
you do nt understand this place .
maybe he finally understood how she managed to smile each day , even while living in a place where her neighbors did nt respect her , where she worked sixty hours a week serving them , and where shed had to raise a kid by herself since someone abandoned her .
she needs to make her own decision about leaving this place .
has the place changed much ?
not the place i knew when i was young , that s for sure .
this place is just too weird , she thought as her mind shook off the sudden and unexplained interruption .
the place was a crossroads for him .
the adolescent was embarrassed to let his jameston friends see this place again .
and quickly he made his way from the accursed place taking the cousins with him .
in recent years natalie had often travelled on business to various different places and would use the opportunity to visit many remarkable , beautiful and ancient churches and monasteries .
the digging took place under great complaint .
he was born in winthrop , massachusetts , and lived in several places before moving to texas in his youth .
he could only hope the feeling would fade , once they were away from this place .
she 'd been transformed by this place , in many ways .
the country is so small you almost feel like ... you re wearing the place .
pretty much the same as the place in choon chun , except that everybody spoke the lilting kyongsang province dialect .
do nt visit zamboanga or any place else on mindanao , she said .
the place smelled like a john much of the time , too .
if you could even meet her in the first place .
blow the place up , i say .
i think i will jump to irridani , i have heard so much about it and have been very curious about the place , dagger instantly decides .
they are nt the kind of place that you go to for appointments .
i mean , do you even know the name of the place ?
how does jeff even know about this place ?
why are you so dead set against a place that you know nothing about except what you ve read on the internet ?
after five years of sitting on the same bench , he d certainly begun to feel as if there was no way anyone could ever get to him in this place .
it was the most natural feeling in the world to declare ourselves a part of this place .
i know you feel as if you ve been manipulated into coming to this place and the honest truth is that you have been .
look at this place , man !
a little miffed that his buddy already knew more about the place than he did after just a single day , paul changed the subject .
i guess there could be some danger here at astralis , but generally we feel pretty safe in this place .
think any of us ever seen a paycheck from this place ?
although he could see the point james had been trying to make , there was a lot more to what a place like astralis could accomplish than accumulating wealth for the people who were a part of it .
it did nt mesh with the things astralis had trained him for and it did nt mesh with the basic culture of the place .
he asked me to come because he said he just wanted some fresh air , but once we got far enough away , he started asking me a bunch of questions about how i like it here and whether i thought we were basically just prisoners of the place because we do nt get paid .
would he be fine in a place like antarctica ?
we ve been having such fun here : this place is so old .
chucking yourself off the balcony at an english heritage castle is probably not what happy cola would want as high adrenalin activity , but mentioning all these places should help my google rankings .
i ve been looking online apparently there s a miniature railway that runs from here to a place called walsingham walsingham ?
place better than fiddlers greens that ocean is !
that ghost of a horse galloping after me was the best thing that ever happened and now his ghost and mine live together in a place where the fiddle never stops playing .
they had traveled through the woods and avoided the towns of livingstone and winterfield where the plague and famine swiped all over the place .
asmaria seen all those things and it made her reckoned that there were much horrible place than the tower itself .
sensing , perhaps , some subconscious danger he quickly changed topics , ` ` now let me pose a question : what brings you all the way out here to this forsaken place ? ''
most likely , you will slink back to the tanners vats and the stink of this place .
the payments for our university fees , the payment for my house , the payment for anthony and robertss business and homes , they originated from a place called foulness island in essex england .
i run a clean an honest place .
this place looked like it could get out of control in seconds .
my parents would have liked me to forget this place altogether .
a place i could only dream of visiting , let alone being invited to attend a royal ball .
well , la rue sauvage is a wild place , he said .
the more places i stay , the more i know carl is makingthe wholething up .
some people like quiet places , some loud places , some fancy steakhouses , some sushi - bars , some prefer casual dining and some enjoy places where the very idea of normal is an anathema .
some people like quiet places , some loud places , some fancy steakhouses , some sushi - bars , some prefer casual dining and some enjoy places where the very idea of normal is an anathema .
johnny , why do you think we call this place bloody marys ?
maybe because you called the place bloody marys ?
so i never cleaned the place .
glass skyscrapers dominate the skyline of dallas and they come in many different colors which from far away give the place a sparkling look but , when you re on foot , in the summer what s that smell ?
its dark , dingy , dirty and , during daylight hours , depressing ; but at night the place comes alive .
okay , it was nt really sin - song and i was the only one who said hey but it would ve been cool if we did , then we could practice other chorus jingles , record an album and off we d go to the glorious skyscraper in the sky filled with lemon drops and soda pops ; a place we in the biz like to call nashville , or hollywood , or wherever it is one goes to become a recording superstar making tons of cash and promoting their own clothing line .
the wolves in this place will rip you to shreds , johnny .
your father has assured me that you are fine and in a place called clarksville , tennessee .
there were corpses all over the place except for the church he would not have those demonic beings defiling this holy place .
i think we can both agree god forsook this place a long time ago , he slung the rifle on his shoulder and walked down the stairs , not waiting for a response .
then i saw the worker going out of the stable that brought me a great opportunity to go and get my self out of this place .
the place is pretty , and everything is clean .
that s why i always prefer that place so much .
i was scared not knowing why they brought me to a place like this which was so scary and looked haunted ; when they were suppose to bring me to a university of magic .
there were people around me but none of them looked friendly for me to feel open and ask hem anything this place looked so beautiful just like ny but except for the fact that this place looks much more better and much more advanced technology seems to be in use and i am so surprised to see all the new technology the robots in the malls that serve people so impressive .
this place has everything ... everything that can keep a hell a lot of magicians going for ages .
she is very good at face reading oh ok that s weird than , , i said adriana told you this place is not goner be easy .
its not like in the university this place is creepy .it will freak me out and ruin my first day ...
in places the firn was harder or softer depending on the weather conditions .
he did nt feel that any of it applied to him since he lived as far west as he could in a place that was mostly untouched by the bradenfield or , for that matter , the webster grove , political structure .
its a cruel place ruled tyrannically by cruel and selfish people .
this place is really nuts . ''
` ` this is a pretty nice place . ''
it was nt a walkover but we mopped the place up pretty quick and you would nt believe what we found gold bars weighing a bihar , which is a tenth of a ton , diamonds , emeralds , sapphires ... one jewel alone was a ruby as big as a pigeons egg , which once belonged to the king of siam , enough to ransom dom manuel three times over .
truly , captain general , this place is almost paradise .
their god is called abba , and in some places where moors live , god is called allah .
what s a nice boy like you doing in - actually , this place is okay .
it was a vile , monstrous place where often many convicts died .
i bet this place is full of wild monsters .
jamaica of all places .
with a start she looked up , unable at first to see who had recognised her in this backwater place .
` ` we got hippies and queers all over the place .
` ` this place reminds me a lot of home in england . ''
the two men had already liaised with several correctional facilities across the state to confirm dates and it seems most places were excited about the event .
well , what do you think of the place ?
for all his bad habits , his one benefit is he does nt stink up the place like old menat .
one was a hulking man who was taller and more weighted down by muscle and would be a real threat in a fight , but he had a kind face as he cleaned glasses with white cloth and his attire spoke of how clean this place is .
have you really seen all those places in your country that you told me about yesterday ?
they may be the key to how this bizarre place works , lawrence suggested , or maybe you could use some magic ?
i ve just been to see a place that reminded me of dorset .
she wanted to ask bethan how she afforded to travel without work , how many places she had visited , even how old she was .
nat knew the burdens of public office were , at times , a bit overwhelming for those who governed the place but he did nt have much sympathy because they ran for the office themselves , no one forced them in .
there s too many of them cubans and they ve really let the place go .
the place was still a madhouse , everyone screaming and posturing for support when the alien decided while he could not interfere in superior business he was in no way constrained when it came to inferior enterprises .
the board 's reason for enforcing the circular initially in metro manila is that taxicabs in this city , compared to those of other places , are subjected to heavier traffic pressure and more constant use .
the climate is of the kind which the weather bureau would call the type i climate ; that is , the place has two distinct reasons , a dry season from december to june , when there are light rains or no raisn at all , and wet season , from june to december , when rains are abundant , heavy and frequent .
most places had no vacancies .
barbara emotionally at sixes and sevens sat back and looking towards the ceiling reiterated , this place really is nt you is it ?
now we ve got interests all over the place .
the police people with super cool cars invited my parents to a place far away to attend a program called ` ` what to do best with missing children . ''
chapter 27 - david - all the places i would go i was so excited to leave this horrid place .
i 'd never been to those places .
anne tried to remember the places he had mentioned and the terms he used .
they sounded similar to the reasons she had left charles town in the first place .
i doubt they have too many runways in this place .
this is yet another mystery of this place .
for the first time in weeks she could understand why people chose to emigrate half way round the world to live in this place .
he visualized the surprise on the face of the first person he encountered when he walked out of this forbidding place .
the place had nt really changed much but it felt much different this time .
this place was making a habit of causing him to feel quite naive .
the contrast with this place was staggering .
i mean , look at this place .
that sounds like the status quo for this place .
i m sorry , but look at it this way : we really blew the roof off this place .
i do declare , this place has the strangest electives .
the big citys not a kind place to a little farm girl like me .
on one hand i really miss tennessee and our plantation , but on the other i m thinking to myself that i should be happy that i m finally away from that place .
this place is nt as bad as you thought it was .
okay , yes , maybe there s a lot of weird pda , but is nt it great that this place is a haven of tolerance ?
this place is just so beautiful , and amazing , and bafflement halted jaylas words on her tongue and turned her sight skyward as a shadow from a large object above put the ladies , pedestrians , and people driving on the road in a stretch of darkness .
seriously , cristina , i only hope that you thinking i would be okay with this is coming from you being too young to remember why i left home in the first place .
this place has nt done shit to help me !
or maybe some other nondescript occasion , but to trecille , there could be no celebration taking place on the day more special than the one that she and doctor were sharing .
an ' anyow , i need a man about the place .
without your little bugs to send around the place to make people sick , you 're nothing , either of you !
the well - to - do were terrified of the place , blaming the slum - dwellers for every robbery and murder that happened for miles around .
this place stinks , there s too many people . '
' we should tek the stoon an get away fro this place . '
' i know this place is foul but they re sending word to the bishop .
well noo get oot of this place alive , no any of us . '
' that place has an unhappy past .
there 'd be public health people crawling all over the place like flies .
london looked nothing like the place the three of them had known .
some place called preston .
have you been to those places ?
not so bad compared to some places .
coronados great , but there are a lot of other nice places in the world , too .
killed off a lot of the food chain in places .
you wan na know what that place is like ?
what better way to find a reason to live than visiting the most beautiful places the country has to offer , in the summer ?
claire wondered if he thought all places inferior to the isle of purbeck or whether he was disappointed that she had nt travelled further in the few days shed been on the road .
maybe what the uk needs is a magic or kiwi bus equivalent , linking these places together and making it easier for people to travel off the beaten track without a car .
if i thought the lake district was pretty in winter , that s going to be nothing to what this place is going to be like in june .
~~~~ chapter 22 sue settled in well at el campo , she made it perfectly clear that at the moment she was more than happy to be away from her old home , it still reminds me of shaun , but by the time we move there next summer i doubt if i will recognise the place .
a few days later , with her well on the mend , the surgeon returned , myriad tests completed , and in his opinion alice was allergic to england , her bodies or aunty bodies or her white , pink , green or blue sells ( or however you spell them ) were fighting each other whenever she shivered , she needed to move to a place that had a low pollen count , a lot less rain and a warmer climate .
i think it is you who had better leave before the foreman gets here , as i work here and have every right to be standing in this place , whereas you , madam , have obviously wandered in here by mistake .
i think of the tales i could tell to the people from my hometown in england , a place that seems like a distant dream now .
it is as much a social occasion as a business one , a rare chance for us to meet up with old friends from all over the place .
the stw wrestling promotion was closing shop for the thanksgiving - christmas holidays ; the great state of texas not being as comercially - oriented as other places .
that s just the way this place is .
remember when we shook hands back at willies place ?
he sat there looking at the ground , biting his lip , thinking hard as i told him all that had taken place .
then i asked him , did you or lupy ever hear about this place ?
this place is likewell , its like a spiders web .
this place , you know ?
this place is not what it seems , freddy said .
while i was not able to examine the skulls closely to date them , there were a few which appeared to be very recent additions ( although in this place the term recent may mean very little ! ) .
but to me , dying in this place was a scary thought then willie said , sure wish lupy was here .
it may be , senora annie , that we will have to kill diablo before we can escape this place .
i mean only that in this place it may not be what we think it is .
in the christian world they would be lost souls who do not know where to go after death , i said , perhaps in the christian world this place would be like purgatory .
we were , i think , each off in our own worlds for a long time , each oblivious of the other two , wishing perhaps that we were anywhere but here in this accursed place .
si , but other places , not here .
my heart lifted and fell in that moment , seeing new life in this strange abysmal place .
that s how long we ve been wandering around this damned place .
i could grow to like this place .
i think i m going to like this place .
blimey this place does bring out the romantic .
she could nt imagine loving a place that much .
he did nt really understand it , but his dad said she had gone to a better place .
yes , this was a better place ; this must have been what his dad was talking about .
in fact , it was a pretty scary place , dylan did nt like seedy places , they felt full of danger ; perhaps pirates were not like they were in films .
in fact , it was a pretty scary place , dylan did nt like seedy places , they felt full of danger ; perhaps pirates were not like they were in films .
no , said dad , we ca nt be halfhearted in a place like this .
now do nt go getting like the rest of the men in this place , its hard for a good woman like myself to find a man .
could n't come and live in the place he loved so much .
i do nt know what took place between you and michael , although i can guess .
you should see the place , its amazing .
it 's a fascinating place . ''
` ` you said this place might have something to do with the mystery , as well . ''
i had never been to a place where people walked from bar to bar with drinks in their hands .
then came the emperor 's defeat at waterloo and his second imprisonment on the island of st . helena off the coast of africa and the idea of an escape from that horrid and desolate place seemed an impossibility .
` ` i had forgotten how much i miss that place .
it was du pont who got him the registrar job in the first place and he was nothing but du pont 's lackey .
that s what this place used to be called .
this place gives me the creeps , he told maddy .
this place is still giving me the creeps , and its getting creepier all the time .
do you think they even have loos in this place ?
this place is nt really a school , said edwin .
believe me , there s something weird going on at the schrunkopf institute , and the sooner we get out of this place the better .
this is a strange place , after all .
` ` this place is terrifying . ''
greens were falling ; injured , maimed , and defeated , all over the place .
if we do nt make it out of this place alive , you need to tell everyone what happened tonight .
there will be plenty of time later to work in the pretty places .
maybe i ca nt keep jefferson out of this place .
the place stinks , said maggie .
i always thought once he got out of this place , he was nt ever coming back here .
yes , in those days i thought that the war was to make south vietnam into a haven for children , a place where these kids would grow not being slaves to the communist government , a place where they would be free .
they hated the place they came from .
then i thought you might get tick fever or some other disease from being done there in that god - forsaken place .
he said mostly the native americans , the nanticokes , they were scared of the place anyhow .
jake , she said to me , your father said that this place would kill you .
this place was a real firetrap .
this is a pretty place .
i ve always wanted to work in a pretty place .
she started to dream of a land where she would be accepted ; it was a place that had nt seen war for hundreds of seasons .
you better believe , bob , this place could be hotter than hells half - acre after we snatch el mamito .
he knew he could nt say anything without making the tears start again and he did nt want to walk into that place looking like he d been crying .
on the walk home the two parted company , each went to their respective homes and never mentioned the events that took place again .
this seemed to indicate that she was regaining her composure and might soon be able to break the silence and try to piece together the seemingly horrible events that just took place .
this time there was a great deal of brain - wave activity confirming tonis account of what had just taken place .
dr . murray was very pleased at what he heard and wished he had been on hand to have witnessed it - that way he might have been able to make an educated guess as to what had taken place .
it 's sad that i have the same feelings about this place as you do , but we are here so we might as well make the best of it and think only positive thoughts , okay tess ?
demanded fiacail , completely unaware of what had just taken place .
you have a visitor who comes from no place known .
` ` and just when i thought this place could n't get any weirder . ''
but their organs are genuinely dead so no metabolism , or digestion , takes place .
the zombie was bleeding out all over the place .
we were nt at war ; it was a peaceful place .
but i want to travel , see new places , have adventures too , that s all .
tahir supposed if the sprites and gnomes were bigger , rhykell would probably be a loud and busy place too .
a place such as that is difficult to imagine .
* * * * * england was no longer the place they left only a year ago .
it was hard to get excited about a place you d never seen and was full of people who hated you .
where d you find a male prostitute in this place ?
life was nasty and short in a place like seattle , even in the strongholds .
all the places mentioned in the book , we have actually visited .
data entry processes are legal and do occur ethically in places .
but outside these places , when it becomes locally available , i 'd be wary of signing myself up for it .
there was a general holiday air in sundarnagar that tuesday , and you ca nt help but fall in love with unhurried places like these .
if i were to paint a picture of this place and show it to you , in its colors and in its depth you would understand .
if i were to sing a song of this place , in its lilting melody you would understand .
in places like leh , which are junctions of nowhere , talent with motorcycles can quickly gain you notoriety , and we found out that the best mechanic in the city was swimming in ill - treated motorcycles , and so we soon found for ourselves the second - best mechanic in town .
if it was nt for the brightness of the sun , it would have been a desolate place .
there is a nostalgia i attach to this place , as if i have been here before .
theys got any milk in this place for the youngin ?
still highly confused by the events that had just taken place , he swiftly put it in his pocket and rose to his feet .
i ca nt imagine what it must be like to live in a place like that .
your claims are , in theory , a sufficient explanation for the events which have taken place .
you said this place is some kind of afterworld , right lucas ?
this place ai nt a cakewalk ... but i m keeping his knife .
the moment he awakens , i want a full report on exactly what took place .
just thinking about stryvog and lofts took bax back to the old brewer place back in holly .
his intellectual gaze showed little evidence that within he was planning how he would harbour his fleet and be gone from this strange place without gaining attention from the egyptian sovereign .
atlas warned us never to land upon the shores of this place .
mia was n't interested in building did up relationships with her class mates , because she already knew right from the beginning that she was going to leave the place after a year .
the world became a better place and you really could swear you saw the world through pink shades .
old mia and new mia did nt like this place .
her clothes were much to thin for this place .
that s why you convinced mia to stay in another place .
the same place .
i told you the place was bad .
you d think she would nt have anything to do with this place .
right now , i have a beautiful young here , in a place that no one knows about .
the only reason why she is even working as one of the local college reporters in the first place is due to the principal need to support herself financially once more .
and who knows , james thought , maybe there s something on this island of all places that has been waiting for me for 30 years .
and it helps that the place is recession proof .
gruffly he added , one would think , you d be happy to leave this place .
you know , this was one of the reasons my brother went to the tryouts in the first place .
` ` john stanton parked a float in the driveway of the ascot police station ten minutes ago , flaxmead has entered the parade ground , the place has gone mad . ''
` ` bloody hell why do n't i think of these things before i go prancing around the place dressed like a bloody ... .oh shit . ''
in fact , it was the idea of pans endless youth that prompted neville to become a fancy doctor in the first place .
this place stinks worse than the galley of the jolly roger .
forty years had passed since he d seen the other world , but he knew this place , oh yes , asher had no problem recognizing kensington bloody gardens .
in such places , people are often not as hostile as they seem and butler knew that it would be a great place to glean information .
# # # about the authors : sally and keith pomeroy live in the wilds of north america , in a place pretty much at the opposite end of the globe from the seychelles .
chris , dan and aini stood close to me when all that was taking place .
its a pity that these people die from hunger when places like las vegas toss out truckloads of food daily , chris said that with a deep pain and inner feeling .
in one place of the world it was the luxury and waste in gigantic proportion and in the other place it was poverty and starvation to an unimaginable level .
the children race back to ava while screaming , you got to see this place .
ill send you postcards with picture of the places i visit .
as he approaches the staggering crew he screams , hurry fellows , the whole place is burning , and there are children in there !
hank dearly loved this place .
mostly ports , lisbon , sevilla , le havre , portsmouth , places like that .
well , outwardly , this town bears considerable semblance to places i ve visited in spain .
hank should know that he was needed more at home than any place else , including a revolution .
the place stank like a pig sty .
how had he ended up in this godforsaken place , anyway ?
the problem is not good or bad , but in hong kong i was unhappy , i felt my character should be suitable for other countries , so i have to seek for a place more suitable for development of my career , coupled with the fundamental neither visited many places , wants to enlighten me on the outside world . ''
but why ? how could i be homesick for a place i hated ?
then , realizing what had just taken place , she bowed her head reverently .
i ca nt believe you never heard of this place , i tell kayla .
these sustained numerous direct hits , which sent ricochets and debris screaming all over the place .
not that any of them were friends of his , but he just felt that their skills would be an asset in a place like skukuza .
yeah , all these old places have got them .
do you remember the place ?
what a shit place this is , do nt you agree ?
if your father has friends in this place , then i m assuming he talked shit about me , said karl , annoyed by the kid .
there is no place on earth that is so bad .
yes , well i know its a little shabby place but i would argue that its absolutely beautiful .
i guess you still have much to learn about this place , said kevin .
i mean changing the country like this place ?
the whole place !
and just any other place that is a little left behind by modernization , local folklore here is alive .
but i love this place and that s the truth .
this place needs a frickin ramp , he declared testily .
the best we can hope for is that once you return to your regular day - to - day life , the familiar places , the people , the routines will jog memory banks and bring it back to you in time .
the place spoke of violence and cataclysmthe essence of the bad timeyet now it was serene and peaceful .
pat had told her that before the shift this place was an artificially cultivated desert and that without the manmade rivers and lakes , it was arid and bleak .
ethan had to wonder if the permanent residents made use of the local wares , and when he saw an perfectly coiffed middle - aged couple strolling along a sidewalk , the male tan with gray hair , his companion too blonde and her skin too tight for her years , he shook the thought away and decided that the people a few towns over from a place called eatonsburg had no idea what took place behind every closed door .
who he was , why he never slept , why he would never even want to know that a place this horrible actually existed .
maybe the place from where she had come held its own horrors .
but morales was talking of other places .
i was told smaller places are better for jobs . ''
` ` there 's no loyalty around this place . ''
often vacationers come back year after year to the same place to meet old friends .
mind you , he 'd been depressed for months and diane really ran the place .
john berg said if he sees you near the place again that 's exactly what he 'll do . ''
she 's as good as an extra teacher around the place .
` ` you know he 's well liked and respected at both those places . ''
` ` tell you what , '' the old man let j into his cubicle , ` ` watch the place while i fetch it . ''
raas had n't expected to find the boss in , generally arriving before gordon to straighten up the place .
` ` they say hell is a bad place , but then everyone who goes there is a liar . ''
they were mourning for the death of the brilliant student , alice cvitanic , who discovered the ephemera cell in the first place .
and we escaped from that stinking place .
well take revenge toward that rotten bitch that has driven us out of our home and left us in this stinking place .
its quite a nice place .
this was the reason she contacted heston in the first place ; it was to look more powerful .
it explained why such group with women and children arrived in this dangerous place to begin with .
they returned to their places and wondered what exactly had just taken place .
because , if you have nt noticed , some of the people around here are hostile to me , and i swear : in a place like this , i half expect someone , frankly , to spit in my glass or on my food before i get it .
you would nt believe this place .
it was a nice place , on the face of it : nice building , nice gardens , nice view .
i have nt been alright for decades in this place , and i ve only been here for a year !
oh , you know that queen who s been scumming up the place for the last year ?
still , this is what i need to address , if i may , as its about what s going on with osh in kingman , and in most places .
this , by the way , is mason a cheer went through the place .
his gorge rising , he quickly made ready to travel so they could leave this place behind .
not a yellow stone , corrected james , but a place called yellowstone .
i heard that in some places , when a king dies he s buried with soldiers , so that in the afterlife hell be protected .
this place kind of gives me the creeps .
bart turned back to them and said , i think he was a thief here to loot the place .
obviously here was another soul who had fallen to the traps of this place .
in fact , the only thing that could be said for what would one day become the preeminent city of the realm , was that very few people knew of , or cared about , the place .
this is a cursed place , seward told the boys in a hushed voice .
kind of a weird place , is nt it ?
things change as things will and one day in the heart of winter , snow crisp and cleansing upon the ground , mr and mrs mckern arrived at the orphanage and signed the papers that meant tom could escape from that hellish place .
the good times he had known in this place were far too many to recall .
at any other time he would have enjoyed the beauty of his surroundings but now , separated from his friend , lost and not knowing which way to go to get home , he almost hated the place .
` ` everything is weird in this place , '' commented jack , with a shake of his head .
` ` an interesting place , do n't you think ? ''
` ` somehow i do n't feel very lucky in this place , '' quipped jack .
` ` we are now within the deepest regions of this place , '' mo alerted them , slowing his pace .
` ` i am the messenger from places that have faded into the dreams of men .
jack was stricken with an appalling feeling of despair and revulsion at what was taking place .
` ` i wo n't be sorry to see the back of this place . ''
` ` i hate this place , '' retorted jack with feeling .
` ` this place gives me the creeps , '' tom confessed , as they slowed down and began to walk .
for in the place that he had been born and educated , everything was indistinct , troubles passing over people like shadows , subtle , sometimes intangible , but always dark , and always felt .
the waves lapped placidly against the flaxen beach and he had to wonder if this could truly be a wicked place .
you will love that place , ethan .
kanades job is twofold , screw with me and help this place .
the universe is a big place and my narrow search did nt consider other races , but you wo nt have my problems .
you would nt believe how many places i ve been and the students i ve taught .
dixie is nt just a place , though .
tony had heard horror stories about that place .
this whole place is crawlin with blue bellies .
autumn was nt a large place ; it consisted of a few streets arranged around , and leading to , a main street .
ill have this place looking better in a day or two .
dan pulled a face ; i have a good feeling about this place , everyones been so nice .
john hollins public school turned out to be a decent place , and he was happy there .
that was the best available there was nt a swimsuit within a thousand miles of this place , and she certainly was nt swimming off in her birthday suit !
i hope this whole friggin place burns to a charred wasteland after we have gone !
then if you look to the left you ve got places like mansbury , belmont , thrope .
i got the impression that at some point years ago shed wanted to leave this place .
everything else i ve told you is real- church group ; the pill box ; ship and tabitha ; the drugs and the parties ... the names and the places may have been changed , but the story itself is truer than you d believe .
chapter 4 in a place of darkness , a place of evil , a place where dark creatures of all sorts lurk , a short bald man with a red robe and a beard made his way through a long , tunnel - like hall .
this place was infested with strange creatures of odd sorts .
he came from a place called hobart junction , indiana .
` ` they 're probably out there to look at this place from a distance .
if he worked at a place where there were only a few illegals like himself , perhaps the immigration would not come looking for them .
by midnight , the place will be ninety degrees .
folks , talk about the story of a century you ll learn what took place here on wrot at twelve noon .
its interesting how many places one can get into as a renowned musician though .
that place is horrid .
the place was very cold and they had scarves around their necks to counter this .
now they could plan their leave , but he knew he was going to miss the place .
matthews feet were beginning to ache from the walk , but his eyes continued scouring the little faces that had appeared all over the place either holding smaller ones or in the arms of their mothers .
` ` you better focus bell , when i leave , this place will be crawling with god knows who , concentrate , or some hotshot adversary is gon na to flame your arse . ''
` ` talk to louise , things are changing , she 's probably in bed with one of the many young men hanging around the place . ''
` ` the world runs on the resources of these places , there will be anarchy beyond your wildest dreams . ''
regardless of instruction would you strike a blow in the middle of buckinghamshire bearing in mind the stigma that surrounds this place ? ''
i ' ve meet john stanton , he looks just like him and on one else could get anywhere near this place . ''
` ` china , russian , france , uk all sent their subs out of range all over the place , concerned someone may turn their own weapons on them .
you ca nt even see the place .
he had heard of the name of this place in some of his old history classes in school but never gave much thought to it .
then he saw names of places even farther away , like the philippines , japan , and new zealand .
i d love to stay in this great place , but i need to keep moving on .
no , but i hear it is a wonderful place .
docs was about the sparkliest place gideon had ever seen .
only sometimes the world was a mighty rough place and if a fellow figured to keep himself whole and hale , he could not afford to get sidetracked by the greener grasses growing along memory lane .
this place desperately needs a scene to liven things up a bit .
time passed , though the place had only one season to boast , and that season was a cold that never changed .
like this place , udgd claims grimly as he takes a gulp from his drink .
the four get moving out of the gate and out of the city , walking into the barren lands of easteros , which , for the reader 's information , is way more hardcore than the place to the west with a similar name ; which is filled with whiny royal brats and dumb people having sex and handicapping children by pushing them out of towers .
there 's something pretty damn wrong about this place , udgd says , as he looks up to the smiling sun , and then down to the cute little village , one among many in the vast expanse of plains and fields .
this place has a great deal of history , but unfortunately those things do tend to fall apart .
the place looks dreadfully dull without them .
jera looked to the side , where the neighbours were indeed sat , drinking refreshments under a parasol , watching the scene take place .
its just there are all these places i want to go , but if i get married ill never get to go to them .
who said you ca nt visit these places ?
its a dangerous place now , full of dangerous people with dangerous habits .
shelly gave the pause of white - person embarrassment before telling me the name of the college , a place somewhere in the southwest corner of the state .
i told her the name of the school i had attended , a tiny place west river near where i had been squatting with one of my many half - siblings .
but mostly she spent her time huddled in her sleeping bag , scared to death , missing niko , looking back on her time in north dakota and coming to the realization that this state was an evil , evil place .
she had such an idealized impression of farm life and the midwest , so how could we not show her the redneck side of this place ?
a place where no man will ever go , so man hitched a ride a star ship into outer space cody thumb - types his mobile telephone .
man , this place ai nt got nothin .
ill stay clear of the place then .
well , my mother , sisters and a few cousins do a good enough job running the place without me .
this place is chaotic yet interesting , sunday remarked .
i mean , this place up here is rad .
this place is strange and pretty at the same time .
lets leave this place !
although i was born here , i spend almost all of my life in a different place .
he told shanna there had been christmas lights up all over the place last year and sophie had removed all of them except the white ones .
it was a pleasant house , smallish , comfortably furnished , a mishmash of good antiques and unique items obviously from faraway places .
this place was even more bizarre .
used to the heat in his native south africa , this wet blanket that pressed down on everyone here in this godforsaken place was worse than any jungle he had ever been in .
tradition required me to have a formal , fancy name , and as airedales originated from some place called yorkshire in england , its no doubt the reason this one stuck .
come on , guys , lets get out of this place .
do nt you want to go out to see the place ?
montana had fascinated me ever since that boyhood trip , living in the mountains , living wild and free ; and it had become of kind religious mantra of mine when things got bad that i would soon be moving to montana ; a kind of screw this place !
the article was really just a puff piece describing only one small part of entire state : a place called glacier national park , and one part of that park in particular stuck out to me .
i was already wanting to get on a plane that night , and i did nt even know anything about that place , not really a place over a thousand miles away .
someone had told me , as i was waiting for the bus in the station , that most of the visitors to the park did nt know what was in store for them , that it was a much more rugged and wild place than people thought , and was nt like yellowstone as many expected , with yellowstones wide roads , easy beaten - down paths to fenced - off attractions , and numerous easily - findable restaurants , rest areas and slick hotels .
i sat back into the bench seat of the bus as we drove on , grinding gears up the now - steeper hills , and i felt lost in the vast wildness of the place .
as i walked i looked with dismay at the plastic and cheap touristy crap that was being sold here in such a pristine and wild place !
just heard it was a beautiful place ; i just wanted to live somewhere different .
i felt better being outside and seeing that , despite the stores cheap , retail garishness , i was nonetheless living in a stunning and uninhabited place .
i felt a kind of anticipation that made me feel , for the first time , that something good would happen in this place , and that i had done the right thing .
well catch hell , but i do nt really care , i said , but this place just bugs me too garish .
and i would later travel onto browning and see what that meant it was a desolate place .
even though i barely knew here , i wondered what her future would be if she stayed in such a desolate place , if she had a future , if she might end up drugged out and living with some old dealer , having a couple of kids that end up in foster care , perpetuating the cycle of poverty and bad decisions that she grew up around and that she suffered with .
i think katie was too used to the place , ronnie too bored , and larry too old .
will , what do you think of this place now that you been here a little while ?
this place has a special power , a wonderful , special beauty that you need to see before you leave .
but the whole place looked different to me now : the mountains , the store , the customers , my room .
greg nodded and laughed at my description of the article , sure , this place is paradise , if you come for a few days , but living up here full time takes determination , and grit .
alias death had made me a different person , made me think different about this place , two medicine , about montana , about myself .
but jesus teaches here a new way to think about them lowly places .
will , greg said with a sigh , i already called up there to those foster parents her last ones and they did nt have a clue about her life after she left their place .
i did nt grow up in this desolate place on the reservation .
glacier is still a wild place .
blowing out that heavy smoke i suddenly was tired of the whole place : clayton , jake , drugs , cops , all the warnings , all the bullshit .
i know , i know , i know , there s a bad spirit about this place today there s something different in the air .
i knew the place so well , the ceiling with its nails sticking out , the old smell of the varnish on the walls , the bush outside the window .
i m really glad you came back to this place , katie , and that you worked here this summer .
well then i will have to see this place myself , lana promised .
it is a beautiful place , and so full of beautiful sound .
but both he and leah were just infants when this all took place .
ido who had joined them now interjected , all the same , i am sure glad to leave this place .
as he ambled in , he said , whew , that s some funky - smelling shit , man , you need to open a window and vent this place out .
some of these other places , you needed a whisk broom to finish the damn things .
just that he d never understood why she had to go so soon to the place most people tried to avoid .
it was a place where most townsfolk avoided .
sea havens betting tents was not a place he visited often , but one he felt comfortable in .
this place is a circus , a show for your boss .
this man would go places and take jerrod with him .
take a page from our dear muldors book and clean this place up .
i think janisberg has a bit of a chip on their shoulder about this place anyway .
it was a fools errand to go to such a horrible place .
i never wanted to return to that place , it was a terrible place to be in .
everyone around here looked peaceful and happy , like this place was paradise .
we had to leave this place soon , bad things were about to happen .
i sensed the uneasiness in everyone , they did nt like this place at all .
seriously , this place was giving me some unpleasant vibes all over .
this place was really starting to get to me in a very bad way .
the world was a big and scary place .
` ` is n't this just a dreadful place ?
' you wo n't believe what this place looks like ? '
luqx , quit snooping around the place !
* out of all the places breedlove had travelled for both business and pleasure , florence was the one that she loved most .
they say a generation ago there was a place called america , and now after a worldwide implication of a u n led programme called agender 21 it is now simply known as the republic .
london was an expensive place to live and i think perhaps many of the english workers did nt live in live in the city but commuted by train from outlying areas .
the outback is a strikingly beautiful place when you really look at it but can be very unforgiving if you take it too cheaply and make an error of judgement .
when has this place paid you so much money ?
in a place where young billionaires took pride in dressing inconspicuously ivans taste for well - tailored slacks and jackets and fine italian shoes did nt lower their profile a bit .
the place ran contrary to any expectations bart had of the rusikov brothers .
beretta never cared for those places , no matter how classy they tried to be , but one particular night he stopped in to talk to marden and the visit would change his life .
do you think well ever know our way around this place ?
i would have liked to see them , daniel , stadler retorted , but you blew the damned place up .
for better or worse they will not be coming back to this place .
hardly forgivable in a place that saw 90 degrees much of the year .
every one of em calls this place home .
people have hunches that it is a new power source they have been working on that can power anything , maybe this whole entire place , but that is just a rumor .
its like a whirlwind hit this place , gisbo said in a distant tone , with a sigh .
at some places , beach clothing is just an option .
` ` that would do it , '' jim nodded , ` ` two mooks down , according to the report we got from admiral sackenbrenners account there are six more hanging around this place . ''
actually , what is everybodys problem in this place ?
great , i m on a team with the two people who hate me the most in this place .
imagining the beauty of this place , i see exactly how much damage the melting of the polar icecaps did to manmade structures around the world .
my hope for him is that he finds meaning in this place , because if he s the only survivor left on earth , his meaning is now the worlds meaning .
on the contrary , he might get farther away from the place .
namsell had never gone out of this place .
he was quite sure that namsell had lied to doma that he had never gone out of this place .
now get away from this place without wasting time .
the problem with a place like this is that it 's difficult to get the power company to commit to the kind of load we demand .
this place got a football team or something ? ''
he 'll fucking blow the fucking place up if pete does n't get mike real quick , '' says sid .
` ` how many guys will you be able to put on the street around that place ? ''
the place will be chaos .
the place 'll be a mad house .
` ` this place is better than anything we ' ve ever seen , '' adds bob .
sitting down , jim runs his hand across the table , looks at his palm , then wipes it on his pants and says , ` ` nice place .
anyway , if ever there were a clean slate on which to write a new word , this place most resembled it .
i was a leper with no one to hate me ; it was the cold indifference of the place that got to me .
what the hell is this place doing to me ?
this place is changing me .
i ve toyed with the idea of bringing this place back to life by turning it into a red light district so maybe you can help me get started .
this place is , as i said , a shithole .
jeremy had to pay his cab driver almost $ 30 as the car patrolled the slums of urban city , searching for a building that fit jeremys limited memory of the place .
i ca nt believe you wanted to dip yourself in toxic ooze though why turn down a friends request , especially when you can tip off that friend about the ooze in the first place ?
its no problem gabriel , he said and continued , when project apocalypse underwent , and succeeded , i decided it was nt best to stay in america for it was the most hostile place on earth at the time .
the injustice of the place rankled , and i began to skive in earnest .
they were as enthralled by the advertisement as we were , and we decided to set off at once , to see the place .
on the one hand i thought it was great that people were doing what they wanted , and in many ways his philosophy suited my own thinking ; he seemed to have drawn bits from many places , from zen , from sufi dances , from various therapies and massage techniques .
but the agents of chaos are like secret weapons of the state to destroy places like this .
so what brings such upstanding young people to this place ?
this place is creepy .
as he entered the town square for the third time that night , he realized the lack of lights could n't be a coincidence - the place was a haven for nothing but ghosts and ghouls .
paul rolled his eyes and stomped his foot , clearly impatient to be away from this place .
pretty sure we would ' ve heard about a place this weird . ''
` ` could this place get any freakier ? ''
` ` there 's nothing primitive about this place .
with the others following along , he read the typed words out loud : this place is nice , but not quite heaven .
part 3 the circle of time chapter 29 tickets to fourth city i ' m really getting sick of this place , '' paul said .
` ` miserable place .
no one in her reality had a wand to pull her away from this place .
his grandson , chip , had to tell him that the place stunk like a three - week - old dead rat stuck under the pipes .
` ` lots of bad sounds came from over here , and the whole place is stinky .
par for the course in this place that seemed beyond the realm of the physics she understood so well .
but i know you want to get out of this place just as much as i do .
` ` son , what you ' ve just described to me is far , far worse than i imagined , even in my worst nightmares after the earthquake that hit this place .
that place was n't fun , let me tell ya . ''
he hated the little place , and he missed the power of being in charge , of being seen as the man in charge .
those eruptions were happening all over the place .
just as he knew that mistress jane would never leave this place , and that he 'd never be the same .
i wo nt be having them smash the place again .
i realize its much easier where you come from , but some places , where men are not immortal , high councilors , kings , and even high mayors , come and go .
i ve spent so much time explaining riversea to ion - the ambassador i mean , that i ve become as boring as all those books i ve read about other places .
the darkguard does nt need it anymore , and i do nt fancy being unarmoured in this place .
for a moment i did nt answer , then i shouldered my backpack and breathed deeply of air too sweet and fresh to be from a place that had seen so much death .
i had to know what had taken place .
i had never heard of such a place .
i guess i also was nt quite ready to cut my ties with that place called earth , despite what the darkness in my heart tried to sell me .
this place is a hybrid .
i do nt suppose that helps keep her out of this place .
i assumed she meant new york , a place i had never been .
maybe luther wanted this place to last longer than the first burg .
if i had known it would be a place like the deeps , i might have i might have reconsidered .
this place really that bad ?
i wondered how different this place looked from the world she left behind a hundred years ago .
i pictured a greener place with farms , dirt roads and tidy villages .
a person as bubbly as you is never gon na end up in a place like that .
there are places in middlebury , though .
its a distinct place , with less porous borders , to say the least .
dry ice would have shed no fog in a place like this .
she gave the impression that it was a crowded place full of tumult , conflict and rebellion .
one gets used to the place , eventually .
you saw the place , but you did not go through the change .
a lot flatter than i expected to see in a place called the green mountain state .
a jog , a sprint , it did nt matter in a place where one never got winded , so i flew down that long , gentle slope as fast as my body would carry me .
and somehow , even though we were being pursued by an armed gang , my desire to leave this place became a tad less urgent .
i m fucking sick of this place .
but that place ca nt be all bad .
and i was sad for them , whoever they were , that they had nt ended up in a better place than this .
the place seemed to be gearing up for battle .
she wanted to know why i was really here and what i knew and did nt know about this place .
a place like this must have indoor courts .
this place was drier and colder than mars had ever been .
but who cares if it was a portal to some place worse ?
you would think if that was such a good place , if we were being rewarded , god would have made it pretty .
he loved that place .
she was going to die here in this filthy place .
coe baba was his hometown , the place where he had grown up , and he could not imagine it being any more different from what it was in the daytime than it was at night .
our families come from far away , another place , where we would have had a different upbringing if we had been raised there .
the wastelandsnobody had survived going into the wastelands , as far as he was aware ; nobody could when it was such a horrible place , full of fire and death , at least , that s what everybody assumed .
sisila , meanwhile , had sat down and cried as all of this took place .
this is a place where children are free to grow up , however they want , and call this place home forever , she said .
people were popping up all over the place !
i ve wanted to go sometimes , to leave this place forever , but i just stay here in coe baba .
my mother came from someplace else , and i have always wondered what it would be like to be with my real birth mother , in that other place where she came from , but i can not .
well , if you have been to such places that make the desert pale in comparison , in terms of harshness , then you have been through some rough times , have nt you ?
a place full of untamed magic and legends .
you did , it was awful the manor was in ruins the whole place there was nt anybody .
you know any place good , clean and cheap ?
most of what was commonly believed about this place was the result of imagination rather than truth , but the occasional sighting of ' golden - headed barbarians ' sailing past the northern coasts was enough to keep this idea alive in the hearts and fears of the noras .
cheft faros led the army beyond the populous lands where the sons of galvahir are beloved to the wilder places where the road narrows and the people are distrustful .
they passed many little villages and farms as they went , little places who 's names never enter into any tale .
and it makes me hate my place , a place that i used to love .
that place is nt even a real prison .
spare no detail in telling it to us so that we may know exactly what has taken place and what action we must take .
the serenity of the place wrapped around echo like a favorite old blanket .
short of blowing the place to smithereens , we can do nothing .
it was a big place , and i had never really gotten the lay of the land .
tom , things are getting quite ugly around here , some of the worst students are getting together and yelling very aggressive things , i am now going to your faculty , get everyone together and let 's leave this place as quickly and silently as possible .
guillem said visibly excited about finally getting out of that disgusting place .
just that two young innocent boys were hanging around the place , probably playing some innocent jokes and were murdered in cold blood by assassins sent by the imperialist oligarchs from the united states of america to strike terror in us , the innocent and the poor , the real great colombian citizens .
now , what would a couple of boys from another suburb be doing in a place famous for having the most thefts in all santa ines , early in the morning and with weapons ?
its nice to come to a place filled with so many beautiful girls .
had he really lived in london , south africa , hong kong and the many other places he talked about ?
` ` a thin place , elder enochia ?
it seems the area of ballaghadaere is a ' thin place ' , and has drawn numerous fae , including three elders .
sensing that the area was a ' thin place ' , the outgoing leprechaun assumed there must be a generous supply of fae who were common visitors there and hoped to meet some .
this place always affects you influence witches more than it does others .
i think you 're right , jacob fairweather , this place is having an effect on me .
talk of it only pushed rhane deeper into the dark place .
it reminded him of a castle in a childish way , a place he would have loved as a kid .
all of that is despite the fact that i do nt think this whole place is even real .
he did nt want to be stuck with that kind of decision , even if this place was nt real like jake thought .
after all , this place was so strange already .
like this place , not like a big city .
i m getting a bad feeling about this place , guys .
i knew we should have made it look like a real robbery and messed the whole place up no , we did nothing wrong .
very few throughout arlynd knew this and simply called the place northern .
in most places that gets you four pints .
after all the time you spend in the archives buried in them books you never read about this place ?
this place bothers me .
the whole reason why he joined leo in the first place was because something about those dreams urged him on .
nor does she mention serena 's safety , or why she even did it in the first place .
this place has really gone cactus !
it seemed like a lame joke , and it had been easier to leave that place than stay .
its the sort of place where a fight between two stray dogs out on the street makes front page headlines in next weeks local newspaper .
he has heard of the great works produced in this place and decided to visit to see for himself .
if you had n't just lost all our money back there we could still get plane tickets to los angeles instead of dying of thirst and hunger in this godforsaken place !
let 's get out of this place now !
did anyone tell you yet how this company is really going places ?
this place is a fucking ghost town .
it explains everything - this place is a saturated territory .
this is a terrible place .
some peoples signs made even less sense with pictures taken from books about exotic places that altea was not sure existed .
her fingers lingered against the exotic fabric brought from places beyond any map she had ever seen .
and it is a fine looking place , he said .
prague was not a dull place at all , and he intended to further provoke its passions .
thal suppressed a shudder , expecting that his mother had been put to painful torments in that place .
prisoners had clung to the dream of rescue in this nasty place many times , yet no memories of miracles softened the cold hard edges of the slimy cell .
i mean , if i d known i was marrying a boy , i never would have come to this order - forsaken place to start with !
he had come to the training academy ( such a pretentious name , wren always thought , for a place that was really just a bunch of young men in a big house in the woods ) fatherless and penniless , the only child of a half - mad woman who had made her money any way she could .
all the gods had come out of the place between at the dawn of the world , and monsters were born there as well .
` ` this place is n't very rustic , is it ? ''
there are no legends or myths or news or anything about this place that 's even a little bit unusual .
this is such a nice place ...
` ` this place felt unfriendly when we got here , '' isabella said in a hushed tone .
usually dad puts black marks on the list when a place is just too bad , '' he said .
i left home a long time ago , but this place feels like home again , '' he said .
this place is so weird .
it 'll be nice to have some youth around the place .
anyway , i got places to go .
i think it is just a rat and whatever this place is makes the rat seem like more .
this place is like hell , he muttered , closing his eyes in hopes of making it all disappear .
clutching his hands together , he looked around , thinking of any other way to escape this scary place of zombies and ghosts .
the water was why he was there in the first place , and he was scared .
i for one would like to be shet of this place .
i know he was raised in a castle , like i was , but other than figuring out the fire bit , the rest of the place seems pretty much how i would expect it to be .
it is a dark and cursed place .
i quickly get out of the wretched red ball gown and toss it in the corner , eager to be rid of anything that reminds me of that place .
that was why she had to stop it from taking place .
only ardoh knew what had really taken place that fateful night when she had lost everything dear to her .
he followed her silently as she narrated her version of what had taken place .
she ran towards him and said before he could utter a word , father , you will not believe what took place .
if only she knew and understood what was really taking place .
she remembered the place , it had not changed much .
he had accepted now that jennai was some place other thanwhat ?
but the people native to the land knew nothing of the united statesor any other places he mentioned .
ridmark could nt imagine anyone wanting to live in the shadow of such a place .
how had aelia come to this terrible place ?
after everything else he had seen in this evil place , he half - expected the statues to come to life and attack him .
if another man of andomhaim was in this horrid place , ridmark would not leave him to fight alone .
his hands had curled into fists , and ridmark wondered if the older knight was going to attack him , if he had been driven mad by the horrors of this place .
and i will not leave anyone in this foul place .
it was a pretty place , leros , or would be once the evil that festered here was gone .
having stolen it and in a sweat lest his father should discover that the pin had fallen out , adding damage to theft , no doubt phaethon had stopped in this remote place to have it fixed .
its a very wealthy place , troezen .
not too long ago , the king of the place was imostratus , pleasant enough for a king .
but there s been bad rumors flying about this place for above a twelve - month now .
my head was swimming with the unclean power in the place .
she grinned and looked around them , her head tilting to the side , honey , if you think i m a gold digger in a place like this , i must be a really shitty gold digger .
i imagine this place is a riot at night .
now , its becoming a miserable place .
christian knew that even a small wound could be fatal in this unclean place .
if ever the devil were embodied in this place , it was not with the gentle , long limbed animals nibbling at the trees but here , in this nightmare dragon .
to her knowledge there were only a few ships that knew about this place and most of them were private owners , like her .
i wondered how difficult it was for my grandparents to leave such a magical place as this .
i guess you could nt get enough of this place either .
burn that place down !
the man felt he would get in kindly with his employer if he could persuade the socialite to frequent the place where money was without limit .
the place has improved .
as they stood there , wondering how a hotel could possibly be sitting in a place so isolated it was only used as a river - crossing outpost , another man emerged through the swinging doors leading into the establishment .
about that time the place was hopping , literally hopping , because someone pulled out a harmonica and the tune was such where hopping was part of the dance .
we should leave this place , and these luckless folk , he growled .
better we had cut our throats than come to this place .
you know that my own advice to you has been to get rid of this place .
a new impetus to existence appeared now to come over the whole family , at the idea of leaving a place which always would be now associated in their minds with so much terror .
i hope you do nt mind , but i kind of cleaned up the place .
in a place dominated by mexican - americans , you d think the kid would have some more tact !
he wondered why she had been affected as much as she had by that place .
grath was not pleased with what had taken place .
corbin shook his head in wonder , amazing , but i have seen stranger things still in this place .
aye , this is a strange place and its denizens are even weirder .
hern and the two former mercenaries had spent weeks on the forgotten island and had by now become quite familiar with the place .
at least the girl was an interesting companion , if completely fooled into believing all the malarkey that apparently passed for sense in this place .
how are we to find servants willing to work in a place that was only this morning a horror and a nightmare ?
do nt you fear the place as the peasants do ?
are there really fairies in this place ?
hunors distaste at the place was clearly magnified a thousand - fold in his particular companion .
i just feel so trapped in this place , with its high walls and its sombre stones .
it was a ridiculous notionafter all she had never visited the place .
moons malady or not we need to get from this place , emelia , emebaka urged .
your naivety is a light in the gloom of this place .
the gods put you by the door that day for you to listen , they guided you into the cemetery that night and they put you behind that tapestry to learn the truths of this place .
the majority were from local weavers in the town of melton , a picturesque place that sat on the edge of the harsh plain of meltor .
the place was barren ; its deeper soil was leached and drained , like animals in a slaughterhouse with their flesh white and cold .
damn this place , it had weakened her resolve and allowed despair to dent her confidence .
the heart of the city was the marshtown , a reclaimed area where at least one had the vague impression of the history of the place .
the four griffons diverted to avoid the market town of valikshall , a place famed for its many bakers and its huge variety of breads .
how about this place , huh ?
it was an ugly place .
this place is i struggled for the right words , a house of horrors .
how could anyone be missing what is going on this place ?
never try pass - off fake cash in a place like this , buddy .
if you want to hang on to your money , do nt venture into such places .
now , tell me about this place , said gran at last .
heard about that place .
chapter 11 : secrets revealed chapter 12 : two from one chapter 13 : the hunt chapter 14 : the race for home chapter 15 : crossing the line chapter 16 : home chapter 17 : flash back : what really happened in boggy marsh chapter 18 : the next day chapter 19 : a bit of history part 1 pronunciation guide for names and places name phonetic pronunciation siochin she - a - kawn aelf eye - ilf aelfin eye - il - fin paddy pad - dee seamus shay - mus mody mow - dee damanta mallaithe da - man - ta mall - eye - th bajii bah - gee excerpt from the aelfin oracles two from one shall come with little grace with little favour three lives lost will be returned by unknowing saviors as evils hand walks the land and covets rebirths keys chance and luck will bow to them to service natures pleas when all seems won and friends are gone beware , the end is near the binding life will start to wane and magic disappear the she will call and they will come to lands in need of nurture for all the peoples two from one shall come to unlock the future chapter 1 : damanta mallaithe paddy and seamus walked at a steady pace through the fields of a place they did n't know .
i do n't like the look of that place , seamus .
even he should know there s no way of getting out of that place .
it is a grim and ugly place , to be sure , his voice was almost a whisper .
well , said mody , i have seen both ends of the rainbow in my travels through this place .
probably no stranger than anything else about this miserable place , replied the aelf , shaking his head .
why are all the trees black in this place ?
i ve had enough of this place , and enough of adventures .
yeah , technology is on another level in this place .
and hades grew more and more ill everyday he spent on the throne of the boiler room - place was filthy anyway .
considering the foul places they lived , this was also of great advantage to them .
the hermit danced off to scare off the goblinoids while the disguised devis looked to the mercenaries , well , he should buy us some relatively quiet nights until we get out of this place .
then the goblinoids would consolidate in their new home , a place that was not a foul mire .
he may not have seen much of the world , but he had still seen enough to know just what a nasty rotten place it really was .
gideon had n't thought about the place in so long .
whole place is goin ' to hell , though , not much to do about it .
buncha other bastards gone and teared the pretty little place down to its knees .
he never imagined the living conditions for government miners to be luxurious , but the place was a filth ridden slum .
a book is a way to visit places you ' ve never been , to understand what it feels like to be somebody else for a day .
finally they had come full circle , to the street at the very edge of town , convinced they may still have a chance of escaping this maddening place .
the passels were being lead straight towards the dark factory , a place well known for the fact , once you enter , no one ever returns .
then he had the uneasy feeling something was nt quite right about this place , but just could nt put his finger on it .
the town was like stepping back in time , to a place simply untouched on that darkest of days .
so we call this place nowhere .
hadge looked a sickly white as he said , this place is kind of creepy .
if the race that ruled this place could build such a building , then of what use were his puny weapons against them .
like me , you are a captain in this place .
she hardly ever leaves the place , except to go with one of the men . '
no , i m actually from the same place you are : alabama .
i do nt know what else to call it , but i think you have felt the evil that is in this place .
this place suits her , veritably , like the glass slipper in that silly folk tale .
we europeans tend to have our predispositions and mores , but herein this place , its far better that we abandon those notions .
i tend to agree with him , as everyone i ve ever spoken with has had some such event take place in their life .
our heritages , yours and mine , originate from the same place , but along that evolutionary road , there is a fork .
the place probably had nt changed much since the devil and daniel webster were around .
she could run back down that hall , out the door , out through the fence and away from this horrible place .
literate louie scribe of the tribe december , 19067 the first book of louie commonly called the antiquities of eden genesis according to the legends of our race the tribe originated in a place called eden .
from novosibirsk the colonists , who had come from places as diverse as texas and frederikshavn , kept a timely record of their beliefs and accords as a mini - society .
she therefore became one of the most reclusive inhabitants of novosibirsk : a place with no schools , no puppet shows , no parades or carnivals ; a place with no chance that she might ever see another child .
the first thing she had to do was plug in to his dreams , dull as they might be : todd found himself the inheritor of a late new age mud - and - stone cottage , set on the desert plains of southern new mexico , a place he had once seen as an adolescent .
its not a bad place you have here , if you like todd threw wynnet his pajamas .
i ca n't believe they waste so much money in this place .
yes , but you can also use the paper money most places you could use the silver and the paper is much easier to carry .
the paper described the scale and listed it as being discovered in a place called wales in 1928 .
this place is a madhouse and a country that would willingly use a man to control the minds of people is not a country i want to stay in .
i 'll admit to meeting more of the not so good in this place .
the germans are active , they have people all over the place .
which is why dorothy had sent him to this awful place .
she was only guilty of following a complete stranger to a place shed never heard of , that was all .
you know as well as i do the kinds of things that live out in places like that .
if the man was nt going to play fairor at least get drunkthen what in the black spirits was he doing in the place ?
he d stopped shaving , figuring that a beard could prove a useful disguise in a place where he might be a wanted man .
when shed come off the streets , a safe place to call home had been a prize beyond measure to her .
the strange part was that there were thousands of black top hats all over the place .
i had never heard of a single place he mentioned but it was nice to hear about them anyway .
that was the biggest reason for coming to this place .
but he was a sorcerer and knew this place better than i did .
i bought it years ago before downtown was a place people wanted to be instead of avoiding like the plague .
this place just draws all kinds of people like us .
now , wake up , sleepy head , we ve got places to go .
he could have committed the crime , taken the pictures and left before anyone even knew what had taken place .
they would get the girls and find a way out of this place .
it was a game that they could not afford to lose if they were to have any chance of ever getting out of this place .
yes , she had felt some strange kind of dj - vu about this place , but surely that did n't really mean she was a goddamned witch !
and maybe make some plans to get away from this place .
luke hated that already he was beginning to fall in with the social rules of this place , especially as he wanted nothing to do with these people .
because if the white witch suspected that she had seen what had taken place , beth had a strong conviction that it would put her in very real danger .
` ` this place is worse than i even thought it was .
this place is stupid !
all he could do for the moment was hope that there really were others in this place who shared their opposition to the rules of witch town .
i just do n't get this place or the way people are here .
he had been very angry and hurt by some of the things that had happened since they had come to this dreadful place , but at least today he had been reminded of some of what he used to have , his friendship with zack , enough to restore his mind just a little and also his heart .
the truth was he just wanted to get out of this place .
however , salem had changed much over the centuries and was now a very different place than that which abraham had known .
therefore , he was forced to keep reassuring himself that , once the crown was upon his own head , it would be worth the negative and distasteful conniving that had taken place !
that is not to say that it was not harrowing , for , indeed , it was a most dreadful place .
then the prophet turned aside , and after looking up into the heavens he called upon god ; open the eyes of the king and those that are with him , o lord god , that they might see and understand what truly takes place this day !
same place , ben ?
this place is like a ghost town .
there are a lot of places you could go .
somethings different about this place .
i bet this place is a dump .
i do nt know , but this place , how quiet it is , is freaking me out .
this place is cursed ever since those people died .
jesse was upstairs in his room sound asleep , never realizing that the events that just took place were going to change his world again .
' he keeps this place going without any sort of government funding , you know .
he knew zoe would cause a bit of a stir , being brought into this place .
he had been so cold and indifferent to her in that place .
just gave me a ride far away from that place .
it found itself on the ridge , overlooking the seemingly never ending grass lands of a place the robot vaguely recalled as raimia .
once you spend a few millennia wasting away in this place as i have , you will come to realise that time is irrelevant .
this place was as uninviting as a party at the local coroners office .
a place that is both ruined , and fine at the same time .
go to feronia with the venefica but when you return , odalia , and thus , lycania , may be a very different place from the one you know now .
it 's an awful place steeped in poverty , crime , debauchery - every sin available !
not since the rebellion and even that had been sixteen years ago and the world had seemingly become a much more civilized place since those days .
this place is giving me the creeps , she confessed .
this place still creeps me out , kraig admitted .
sometimes people want to come to arria when they believe that it is a better place than where they came from , but when they can not by conventional means for any amount of reasons , including money , sometimes they sell themselves into slavery to afford the trip .
we just have to get used to this place , he said , staring up at the walls and then at the castle .
still , the land of calundra was a beautiful place ; sunny and bright , with rolling green hills and fertile croplands .
a place with a church , and a village , and a wooda place that few ever visited , if any at all .
most of the reason for this trip was a promise to himself that he d pay his last respects to father brion and see what sort of a refuge the unhappy priest had found out here in the east , in a place that was nt supposed to exist .
how da we plan on gettin out of dis place ?
you love that place .
well , he was nt there , obviously , but there were these two others sniffing about the place .
every y chromosome in the place is going to go crazy .
been to a place like that .
not at all what you d expect from this place , trust me .
they were the most prolific around the place .
they were nt the carelessly rich folk their houses and boats would have you believe , with all the attendant issues you see on shows where the wives of such places had naught better to do than stick their scalpel - sculpted noses into everyone elses business .
there s no such place as aerisia , and i do nt believe you came from there .
in this strange place , even the people claiming to be my friends sometimes seemed more like enemies .
it was a charming place .
in fact , from what i d seen of aerisia so far , i considered it a beautiful place .
i did nt give them a second thought , but to someone from a place where true magic and fairytale creatures were the norm , would they be as shocking to an aerisian as an immortal warrior was to me ?
and at other times ... she caught brief glimpses , all too brief , of places that were somehow significant , and these were mostly in dreams .
we did manage a few gigs in places , none like this , mind you , but places where people could dance , and they would dance all right .
some places were stricter than others .
he had always heard that it was a rough place .
the place was dirty and in jake 's words ` ` smelled worse than a bus station pisser in july . ''
that does n't tell us a lot about why everyone in the whole damn place is dead .
there was screaming and crying all over the place .
` ` do n't let it get you down , jake , '' marla said , ` ` happens all the time in this place .
nobody else sees the filth in these bars ; i ca nt believe americas prettiest and handsomest young inhabitants flock to these disgusting and unsanitary places to perform such important mating rituals .
the room looked pretty standard , it was nt a torture dungeon like some i ve seen before , but its a good sized , efficient station , not like the converted bathtub draining stations in places like when i first took the condo .
a place full of globes of light and crystal rivers , and castles that floated on clouds .
she always thought souls went to the realm of light , but she did nt like that place anymore .
i do nt want to leave this place , its so pretty .
he dressed and decided to leave the place he had begun to call home , without as much as a second thought .
this place was , again , reminding me of the lord of the rings .
though , being able to drink from the streams is a plus for this place .
selenia is truly a beautiful place , davis said with a hint of sorrow in his voice .
carrie left the bracelet on and changed the subject to the places they 'd seen .
she asked , ` ` why do you think i came to this god - awful place to live ?
as you may or may not know , elder kaltaugen 's land is a horrid place , and it made us even more miserable than we are now .
and god tempted me to join the bulgars , yet no complaint from the heavens could do worse for this place than nature .
if i could always be there to protect you , you would nt have been kidnapped in the first place .
a place where trees and plants only grew in castle gardens , and the forests were all buried beneath layers of ruined cities .
the place was changed now , or it wanted to imagine it was .
he seemed to be a million miles away too , in a place that was cold and shining .
there were guards all over the place .
with not much else going on in a place far from the rest of civilization , a single mother with three children was a favorite on most warsholl villagers ' lips .
` ` is that the place where you came from ? ''
why do we have to go to these places anyway ?
your doppel is a princess in a place very different from song .
its a terrible place .
i mean , its such a bad place .
well , raahi considered , it is a bad place , through and through , and there are many people there who are slaves to the emperor .
i hated that place .
well , it is a big place but you ll see it soon enough .
this is a very strange place .
i got it from a place called alavariss .
this place is getting more ominous as we go .
this place is full of crazy people .
no power means no heating or hot water , in many places no water at all .
she had heard patrick black talk enough about this area to realise that the place was infested with crime .
colchis was a place of myth itself , a country where the rivers were laced with gold and precious stones washed up on the strands after a storm .
but it still reminded him of the age of this place .
this place was so full of variety and life .
could he live in such a place ?
they have never seen such a wondrous place , and they would love to hear of it .
it felt as if a little piece of the gardens of paradise had fallen from the afterlife into this stinking , primitive place , and his heart soared .
ranulf told me the name of this place , you know .
it is better sometimes to go into the world , and discover that though it can be a harsh place , it is not always as unforgiving as you think .
the days and months went much faster now that he had friends to talk to and he told them all about the places he had flown over , the plants and animals that he had seen ( and in some cases , eaten ) and the cities and countries of which the other dragons had talked when he was little enough to still be interested .
i will miss this place , but not as much as i miss edred and rosalia .
bring provisions as if you will never see this place again , for the chances are that you will not .
it seemed just everyday then , but compared to this place it was a paradise .
he grimaced freshly at the sight of himself and the reminder of what had taken place in the woods .
the presence of the red butterfly at the time of emergence confirmed the bond that had taken place with korsten .
it was a strange place , to say the very least .
i was unaware then of what had actually taken place .
and while he did not ask to come here , he has come to think of this place as home and the people he has come to know here are as dear to him as family .
now to get to the tursy fields , one has to pass through the mountains of the white glade , a place of narrow winding roads and steep valleys .
the poorer , more sparsely populated places only used one name , ancient names to address each other .
i suppose this is exciting for you , the travelling and seeing new places .
gabriels description of that far away country rekindled faint memories of just such a place in her mind .
that somehow this place was to be a turning point in her destiny .
do you know of a place called santomine ?
it seems that nobody knows of this place called santomine .
she did nt like this place , felt its evil lurking beneath the shadows that had now formed in the approaching darkness .
tell me , do you know of a place called santomine ?
will you tell me more of moran and of other places when you come back ?
ten years was too long of an absence from such a beautiful place , and certainly too long for us to have a reunion .
from my hatred of this place , had i cost everyone here their lives ?
i certainly would nt feed on anything that came from this place .
the place looks so grimy , for a moment i passionately miss home .
it has to be false since we already know that these changes did in fact take place .
it was sabrina who explained to me what had just taken place .
my thoughts were fuzzy ; a place like this would nt let you think straight .
i could nt believe i was going back in the horrid place .
what a desolate hole this place left on my heart .
this was a place that could make the biggest , bravest person so small .
and this place scared me , even though it was as gloomy as i had expected the country of aduhlajh to be .
and this was a horrid place , and i only had one friend .
and , if at all possible , rescue him from the wretched place .
in half an hour it will burn through to the oil and that might be enough to burn this place down .
this place is too dangerous .
do nt worry ; the place is nt that bad .
this is nt a polite place , and you knew it when you brought me here .
so your daughter is fixing to run the place , is she ?
no lady should have to go anywhere near a place like that .
again , do nt get me wrong , asgard is a wonderful place and some of the goddesses do provide very welcome distractions , if you know what i mean .
but unless a complete pair of idiots pay a visit to this godforsaken place , we ve got no chance .
you have to remember , vindy said to oldfart , we have friends in lots of places , including the chester stroganoffs , and you do nt want to get on the wrong side of them .
it has been nearly four years since you whisked me to the ball , and i met the prince , and my supposed happily ever after took place .
when you regain your senses , you will be far away from this rather boring waste of a place .
you make this place seem so beautiful .
but in this place of chrome and skyscrapers it is less remarkable than it once was , at a time when she was made to walk the earth in flesh susceptible to death .
yeah , i agree , they still were nt home when we left the place .
even if he may have been reluctant about neal coming to find me then also his normalness must have expressed nothing out of the place .
why did he leave this place ?
the same place where jermaines family was exiled to .
over the course of a year or so , magicians came to her from all over the place , helping her to grow in strength .
this place is awful .
how can we stay alive in this horrid place ?
i think i know of just such a place , he quietly said .
what about no place ?
for one thing , aside from a few instances of usefulness , ever since they d arrived in this aptly named forgotten place , yonfi had on many occasions felt like a helpless boy instead of an immortal hero , and he loathed this feeling with all his heart .
although , i do nt know why anyone would want to stay in this god forsaken place .
do nt you ever grow tired of this place ?
why would a mother leave her child to the cruel whims and torments of this cursed place ?
tar would never leave this place .
they are well - educated and cultured from the places they have been to .
do not tell me that a lettered man like you knows nothing of the horrors of that place .
yavn attempted to capture the mood of the place in verse before the rocks would rob him of his inspiration : in the troubled town of old larksong , where all was shone in brightest green , how i did make a journey long through walls of grey and stones serene ; though little did i know the way ( and almost to my death did stray ) , but for the wile of friend unseen was i led through the rocky throng into a place i ve never been or perhaps i ve been here all along !
you can have mine if you want with the stench of this place , herrdon said .
yes , yes , tol - timl is a queer place , dlin said .
a queer place it is , and there are many queer goings - on there .
my own town of ciligarad is far warmer a place .
talk of that place makes my skin crawl , herrdon said , shuddering .
that s the nature of places like this .
how could any place be more kooky than new york city ?
he surmised the other worlds were places of imagination since he could nt travel to them , but their residents could travel here .
i heard her arguing with the doctor one day , saying that there was no need for me to even be in that place .
he had stopped talking to mom and dad when they sent you to that horrible place , and i snuck out to see him one night after i got my learners permit .
i do nt want to see this place burned like the others .
i could feel the hate in this place now , and it was so much more than i could have believed possible .
i believe this was in your contract to theia productions which allows us to film here in the first place .
she clucked her tongue and said to erin , dear girl , what did you do to get saddled with that horrible place ?
plus , i ' ve been getting some ... suggestions from the city about the place , and you know what the capital is like !
we still have time , and we have nt even been to the other side of this place yet .
i do n't know what brought it this far south , and considering the level of ignorance this place does its best to hold on to i doubt any of the townspeople can give an answer .
the first was innocent enough , as her sharp , prying eyes roamed over the room , tell me , girl , how long have you been running this place ?
the only thing keeping her terror down was the constant thought that the sooner she found the others , the sooner she could get out of this place .
like anyone with any sense would deal with that place .
that place is almost as bad as the forest now .
yeah , i could nt stand being cooped up in that place all the time , terra said , jerking a thumb in the direction of the inn .
a bit more than a saying in some places , miles said , still staring so hard at kota that erin was sure the young man could feel it .
there had been sawdust all over the place , had nt there ?
i think i m going to like this place !
i believe that is why he came there in the first place .
if i had lost them i would ve caused hell in this place .
you know , before this place gets bombed too .
and seeing as how people on the street did not randomly try to outshine the sun , this place was weird as hell .
as normal as a place like this stocks , anyway .
we must be rid of this place , mathias said wearily , his ash and blood covered body leaning against one of the moss - covered boulders .
i m certainly not here because i like this place .
` ` gods above man , do n't mention that horrible place !
they are from alegria and in that barbaric place the killing of defenceless animals is lawful , the fox said , his voice cracking with indignation .
the news from the messenger had to be taken back to alegria immediately and as only he had heard it he had to remain calm if he hoped to ever get out of this place .
do you think a little girl could rule this place forever ?
to the nine hells with you jared miller and all who live in this filthy place .
a place that still gripped her memory after merely one visit with her father and that held something so profound it made her heart leap every time she heard the name .
i expect the morale of this place to be nil when i return .
that place was n't a normal city , adri .
there was no specific concentration of paler and darker skins here as other places shed read about in prenitia , barring rayan .
these insignificant places , these useless people , would never be good enough to be part of this dream .
other places are much harder .
scar told him he was gay in the first place and kept telling and everybody watching into the bargain .
ikea i hate that place !
sometimes i walk through the jungle to the outskirts of the village where i was born and lived until my sixteenth year , that place i can no longer name for fear of leading evil spirits to my people , and there i can hear the sounds of life that keep my heart from dying .
he was a wood cutter , which was not a good path to walk in our village ; it is a low place , and a poor one .
only after he came to understand what a poor place that was did he learn to carve wood and so raised his place .
it was a long fall , and when he hit the marshes of that place he dug a great wet hole with his body .
and i thought , i am far from my father and mother , i should not be in this place .
` ` leave this place , and go back to your village .
there were many questions about chacwitz and the mountain people , and though atlatla answered them all , his voice was pressed - down and flat , and it seemed he did not enjoy talking about that place .
` ` i know everything around this place , '' she said .
they were somewhat confused , for they believed they had been the only ones there to witness what had taken place .
looking up from his reading and taking hold of the book entitled geheim , ciafus declared , today i must tell you of the place called geheim , and we must move at once to warn the people of erde to move them to safety .
i m not sending you guys to any run - of - the - mill colleges though , i m sending you to places like brown and yale and cambridge and princeton .
in the summer we would be able to go with our mom on business trips to california and new york and london and places like that , i never really went though .
if i had nt grown up in places where snow was common , i would have just stayed home .
however , we were in hanover so i had a hard time even considering this to be a bad place .
i imagined this place to be one of the places that the kids that did nt go to college lived .
i m going to bring this place down i said thru a clinched jaw .
then i m going to bring this place down , and i do nt care who i take with me i said .
william , my friend , do you not know the truth of this place ?
one after the other , the clan joins in and soon there is a mass of snow flying all over the place !
but now that you own one , there s several yellow cars around you all over the damned place .
with all the other oddities about this place , i would not doubt that the librarian here might not live forever .
yes a swamp , a fen , a bog , a wetland , a marsh , or whatever the local authorities chose to name it , but a place where frogs could be found in abundance .
they all wished him well , knowing this strange wandering sickness was a common affliction of boys his age , and also knowing the cure was to let him have his head and discover that the wide world was a far harsher place than the stories fully told .
tom shook his head , i have never been a lord before and am quite a stranger in this place , what is a usual day like ?
if this place took apart such a noble , brilliant lord with an equally noble and brilliant mind , we need to be extra careful .
i like this place already , anna said with a little laugh .
speaking of which , have you been thinking what i have about this place ?
i crumpled up a random newspaper and threw it at the opposite wall , ` ` well it 's a nice place and all , but it gets kind of boring .
it 's just like every other day ... after all , you ' ve invited him to go places too !
i suddenly felt really happy to have my old friend here ... it was one comfort that i could enjoy in the midst of this really dark place .
` ` this place is super creepy , '' maryann said , shuddering .
` ` this place is creepy , '' maryann said .
` ` this place is creepy .
this place is still weird , but maybe it was just the storm making everything seem so scary , you know ?
` ` this place is so old - fashioned , '' maryann said as isabella started to work on the van to repair the flat tire .
but it was still a nice place .
even for this place . ''
i ' ve been places .
` ` this place is still holding out .
truly , the most awful place .
there is that and some other evil at work in this place .
the place stank of old socks and overflowed toilets mixed in with one of those horrible cheeses you sometimes get a whiff of at an open street market .
this place holds too much sadness for you now .
one is the boy rishabh jain , who started this whole thing in the first place .
hullo ji , yes , ballu property dealer speaking yes , yes.yes .. okaya house ? no problem sir ji .. no problem at all ji , i have a perfect place in mind .. sound in its foundation .. rich in its tradition * * * * * * * after scurrying out of that abysmal place , raghuvir and kamal hired a rickshaw to take them back to where their ambassador was parked , which if the readers remember was right in front of mr . dogras shop .
smiling at me .. and soothing me .. like sweet winter sunshine .. like sunshine .. like a little place that is all mine .. like home .. a place like home .. our home .. and as the music ceased , and the crowd broke in to applause , as the lights on that stage turned on to give those silhouettes back their distinct appearances , there she indeed was , his eternal love , his roshni , our ghostess of dreams .
gantu was a lawless uncivilised place from the stories she had heard .
i ve had to listen to that windbag all evenin , crowin bout how he was king of the dwarves , laughin an smellin the place up while he cheated us out of our money .
to have awakened me , this wrongdoing must be much closer to home , in the great good place where i dwell and largely sleep .
why a place like woonsocket , rhode island and not toronto or melbourne or london ?
max is glad to be leaving this crazy place .
when they get out of this place , he says in his hopeful days , seymour should wire what he owes to his las vegas address .
its worth any number of depressing carbon - copy dreams of this place to be able to go back to their first , real , existence , even in that disincarnated way .
what we need is a map of this place , to get out of it , he says bitterly , thinking of his french sweetheart , passionately responsive in his arms back then , and available in that circular year outside if he can only break free of these corridors .
the place is terrible for mental health but in purely physical terms its fairly salubrious , despite the lack of fresh air , what with the ban on tobacco and alcohol and absolutely no temptation to overeat .
and how could they even have known the date was july fourth in this place without calendars ?
in an outraged babble they let this sodden parody of an advocate know that they d been suspended in this place for maybe a quarter of a century .
seymour is surprised at advocates clock metaphor in this place without clocks or sense of time .
have nt they understood by now that there are no gifts in this place ?
but the plagues and hardships that befell them in that place soon made an end of their prosperity .
what is it with this place ?
i guess this place is nt all bad , she relented , but i m not sure i will ever be able to use that disgusting toilet .
this kind of place was actually familiar to him , though it was certainly not a place he understood .
this place was rich with magical energy .
he has lived in other places and is probably best known for his fantasy , dark fantasy , and horror stories and books .
no one can believe what is taking place .
let 's make the best of this place .
this whole place is drowning in sin and none of it has anything to do with emerelda and me .
perhaps the land beyond this one would be a kinder place .
rif had always been closest with his mother and now she was gone to a place from which there was no return .
like everyone in ultima thule , zev had heard the legends of the welfings when he had lived over there for three years2 ; in that time that he had learned the language of that place and the customs of the elves , gnomes , trolls and other strange beings , although he had never encountered the fauns .
zelf was drawing switches and pushing and pulling levers all over the place , and i could only admire her proficiency at operating the complicated device .
the world is a much scarier place than i could ave ever imagined , yet you seem as calm about it as if it was always like this and its nothing to worry about .
` ` why would you work on a house , a house that 's a lot bigger and nicer than what you have now , and then sell it to live some place that 's not as nice ?
what about those who live in far away places who did nt obey gods commandments because they never had a chance to learn about his plan for happiness ?
but it may not save us when we can and must be doing more by earning more with two specific goals in mind : 1 ) the great american tradition of freely choosing to achieve lasting , abundant financial self - reliance through individual employment efforts that best uses our individual talents while making the world a better place and 2 ) expressing our thanks to god ( or higher power ) for helping us succeed by freely choosing to give back through domestic philanthropic efforts ( giving to a church or charity of our choice ) that strengthen our nation so we may continue to bless the rest of the world .
morosely he seemed quite suited to a place like this .
at first that did nt bother him , he was glad to leave where he had come from , a place that made this landscape seem a paradise by comparison .
having grown up in a place where dragons were common it was hard for him to believe that many , and actually most , people have never seen a real dragon before and most likely never will either .
voak came from a place called slute , a kingdom that had been bled dry because of a tyrannical king .
yadi understood why the numbers were all over the place , fear offer did that and the tower stank of it .
it could nt end like this , he could nt enable this destruction to take place .
that s why this place looks so different .
this place , the creatures and people here can be very cruel , and over time , it can , i mean it will really tear you down , make you start thinking negative thoughts .
i hate this place , and i hate the arrogant , pride - filled soldiers and guards too .
it 's safe to say i ' m starting to get heartily sick of this place .
or those places .
vletch was n't always the nice place it is now , you know .
i think , said dog , that it might be a good idea to find out more about this place .
my dad loaned him the money to start that fucking restaurant in the first place .
none of us knew why he was in a public school in the first place when he could have gone to any number of private schools in or out of state , and no one really asked him .
everything you ve told me about that place , that town , she said .
i know i d like to believe in something , and i know i like places like this .
i just wrote a book , all about growing up in this place .
i think you re a lot more tied to this place that you think .
took pride in being from someplace so different , in being from a place where rapes and murders are nt an everyday occurrence .
i know bad things happen here , but its not woven into our daily lives like in some places .
half of this place would be dancing to awyns tune if she were here .
in some places the tone changed .
grandfather has already educated me in all he knows about this place , oleg told his father to convey his lack of interest in the redundant recounting .
even if the foam wolf arrives at this very moment and all is well , i still believe we should rethink our fat summertime ways and recall the iron winter ways of our forebears who settled this place .
there are tracks all over the place , and a few bloodstains too .
seeing them together reminded him of his stepfathers generous compassion that had caused alvito to adopt him in the first place .
it was a place not too many people even knew about , but she knew .
she could get away , see places she had only heard about and meet new people , people with proper last names and even titles , not just city names as their only form of recognition .
he had half a mind to take her away in the middle of the night and get as far away from the place as he could , as cowardly as that seemed .
he had to get out of that place with or without his master or his sister orders or not .
dwarf is all over these places .
well , you probably thought it odd that a teacher , especially at a place as special as the legend academy , would be so withdrawn .
but he had to win one now , or he might never get free of this place .
all together , it was a clean and happy place , although obviously not very rich .
they spent a couple of nights in the town , and were excited by all the new sights and sounds and smells of the place .
these important people sometimes have business to attend to in other places , as well as other homes in the country .
how can people live in places like that ?
to say it was a lawless place was untrue , for it had its own laws and rules , but they were not the same as those of the rest of society .
after finishing her training she taught in several places , beginning in salford , near manchester , then she taught in lancashire , hampshire ( south of england ) and croydon ( a london borough ) she is married with 2 children , a girl and a boy , and 3 grandchildren , 2 boys and a girlwith whom she likes to spend time with them as they are great fun .
in quite another place , on a fine manor in the country , lived a brother and sister with only each other for company .
this , a place where all were happy ?
she paced the rotted floor boards , her velvet slippers long stripped of their nap , long frayed and fallen away so that her bare feet , all dry and gray , echoed the melancholy of the place ; that place behind the crumbling wall .
thank you , i really believe the only chance my child has for a normal life is if you take it from this awful place , megan said as she rubbed her hand along draigs tail a couple more times .
i agree , and to be honest , i never want to see that place again , draig remarked .
po was gon na do that waymond , he squawked , his chubby cheeks turning a cherry red , but then superman told him about bad guys wunning around the place !
at the very least , with everyone migrating to illinois to join the elected 's new eden , places like youngstown are pretty empty .
hell , those were places that did n't have people even when there were people .
the place was hardly cheerful , even upon a bright morning of spring , and was at its most dismal ere the first snows of winter , but it was not the weather that brought the boy out to pace the battlements upon such a dreary day , rather he had much to contemplate and none of it good .
this cursed place has consumed two generations of yer family lad , do nt be a fool and make it three .
the old woman was convinced this place was naught but a den of such villains , but i have yet to find them , should they exist .
our old housekeeper was convinced the city was inhabited by demon - worshippers , a claim i am certain is wrong , but what is the truth about this place and its denizens ?
the girl grinned unabashedly in her excitement , there is a new student , a boy about my age , who claims to have fled the place , just last night .
i thought your brother long dead or forever a prisoner within the grim walls of that horrid place , but your news gives me exceeding hope that it is not as i feared .
it is only a year after all and this place ca nt be all that dreadful if they allow scoundrels like you to run amuck .
he grinned , but who knows what may happen in a year in this peculiar place ?
well find the so - called lord of this place .
this is nothing compared to half the tales told of this place !
briane was not sure which upset her the more , that she had been kidnapped in the first place , that her brother had had to rescue her , or that he already wore the uniform of a full brother !
sadly , i seem to know more than you who were born in this place .
we are not like this place .
and i always like to taste the specialties of the place , even when it comes to a bunch of yokels plague victims like you .
and you should know it , considered the place where you ve grown up .
that place still smelled of death even now that twelve years had passed .
this place is impregnated with a familiar smell , he said calmly .
this place saved my throat at least a couple of times .
marduk thought it right to get the boy out of this place .
you did not drown when the ship sank and i have not been gutted in this place .
this place is something , is nt it ?
it has a certain charm you ca nt find any place else .
and yes , i d like to stay here this week , get to know every secret of this place .
life is good in a place like this .
this place does have a beautifully tragic allure to it .
why have nt i ever heard of this place ?
people stopped going to places like this .
why did ryan have to bring me back to the place my roommate ran ?
could danny really send people places ?
what better place to hide someone , then a place no one even knew existed .
a man of luxury like your self should not be wandering around a place like this , george advised , at least not by yourself .
ironside is by far the most peaceful of any society i have ever encountered in this world , besides the place i call home .
so i decided to leave our home , that wonderful place , those beautiful peaceful islands that i have come to hate .
still , the place did nt seem stripped of country .
but i think its a good idea if we leave this place far behind us .
no , adelia would be a much greater benefit to this cold , dark place .
they had seen many places and peoples ... but in odd ways which frak had never encountered .
before he can gather his wits , she is all hands within him , not just upon him brushing his hair and caressing his cheeksalthough this she does dobut inside him , touching inside him with her eyes , eyes which now still betray no color but which fixate him : he feels like the worm upon the hook but it is a worm lounging upon the hook , happily waiting ... he is threaded upon her , feels his hands touch her and though there is a warmth of flesh and a swell of breast it is a weaving which takes place : a threading of his tongue with hers and his presence knitting to hers ... for this is what denies him image and metaphor and words of sound to transmit to geraldthat she has accepted him , not he taken her .
she frequents these places .
it is a place you have yet to visit .
its not safe to do thatespecially around this place , she informed me .
people hear everything around this place .
paramita was a bit stumped , apparently its not a good idea to judge people by their ethnicity here , and the world is becoming a smaller place .
but who told her to get involved with a married man in the first place .
maybe things like this happen in other places too big cities like chicago or los angeles or in england , i do nt know .
this place had me on edge .
a place like this wears you down til there s nothing left .
people came to it from other places , but people who lived there did nt need to go anywhere else .
martin remembered the stories his parents , and he was sure countless other parents told their children to scare them away from finding a way up to the middle where they did nt belong it was a bad place , an alien place .
martin remembered the stories his parents , and he was sure countless other parents told their children to scare them away from finding a way up to the middle where they did nt belong it was a bad place , an alien place .
the world was such a filthy place , full of ugliness .
the place beyond , you mean aaru i assume ?
the city is magical , to be sure , the bobbin said , but there s a place there more magic than any place in the whole country put together .
the city is magical , to be sure , the bobbin said , but there s a place there more magic than any place in the whole country put together .
a part of his brain said firmly : no more touching anything till someone shows you how this crazy place works .
which reminds me why ca nt we sense magic all over the place ?
i mean , i knew from uncle rafi that the falstead reflectives are gypsy - descended , but i had nt realise that s probably true of many more places .
you ve got no stake in this place .
i can speak helikan , but these two idiots warbled some local dialect from a place where i presume everyone stutters a lot .
meet me for the dinner theatre , table twenty three , at the grand odeon , uncle quincy said , trying to be stern , but he looked as eager as them to set roaming around the place .
so i charted out gypsies routes especially those tribes who d been travelling close to domremy right around the time i d arrived at the orphanage i looked into the newspapers for incidents close to their locations one of those places was brightapple .
we have a mayor now , a smart woman she s been spurring people to pretty up the place , saying that if you were ever to come back , then the hospitality they could offer must be the best non - mages can accomplish .
this is too much , on top of all the other muchness of this place .
let 's make the best of this place . '
` ` this whole place is drowning in sin and none of it has anything to do with emerelda and me . ''
the land beyond this one would be a kinder place .
` ` cursed place , '' the dragon thought .
ayei maybe maybe a good thing it would be , compared to as you say , said lessie , reluctantly , but a place like now this is , an orphanage , is better !
is that also why people from different places look different ?
proximity to this manuscript was probably her goal in getting herself arrested in the first place .
now , talek tells me that his church is going to put us in a nice neighborhood , near a university with a big art department .. just think , tulith to live in a place with other artists , and people who appreciate art !
but even in a wonderful place like this , it happens every so often .
there will be , um , no mercy , soon , very soon , the angels of rejuvenation will come down like a thunderstorm upon this , um , corrupt place !
i have my money in accounts all over the place .
it must be discouraging to see this part of the world , especially when the place you live in is so full of light and love , like your heart .
in this place a woman singer came on stage , wearing very little .
in another place , you have people who are rich , who have much more than they really need , and are only motivated by trying to outdo each other or themselves in getting and spending .
also , magical chariots made it feasible for people to take trips and vacations in distant places , and this increased their tolerance for drabness in their home neighborhood .
the slime - eaters are lobbing noganecir all over the place !
i can understand , he said , that in a place like that , almost anyone would give in to despair , eventually .
while there were nt demons and the damned spilling onto the streets , anna was starting to learn this place certainly was nt heaven .
she 'd worked in vale , for one , and that place was well known for its seedy , shady establishments .
lord , marchtown sure was a different place .
the place will be seething with it .
this place would be enough to give me a headache , a rash , and a nasty case of tingles .
this place wastes your life , you know .
this is a very very old place , without exaggeration i can say that : little jinn break loose from everywhere .
elma roughly counts grinning teeth in the place , summons up her courage , and in company with applauses she gets on the stage .
the place is between hungary and serbia now .
you know more than me , serbia is a troublesome place .
all of you leave the place right now !
that was the last place i wanted to go , i hated that place along with the creatures that inhabited the disgusting sewers .
serious problem in some places .
this place is starting to creep me out .
i m striking that place off my holiday list , she whispered .
and in a place like chapter city , there were plenty .
i do nt know what my parents were thinking sending me to that place .
suddenly there seemed to be more colors in the room , a breath of sweet scented flowers that grew thousands of miles away from this desert place .
if the place had been full of fey , some might have survived , or been able to protect themselves , but , yes , i am saying that that 's what did it . ''
sad to know that the glory days passed this place by long before we arrived . ''
some magics would not even work in such a place .
someone did a spell in a building of metal girders and beams , with technology all over the place .
it was a place that had been steeped in hardship , danger , treachery , and violence for nearly a century .
` ` it sounds like a lovely place . ''
the world of carna is a cold , cruel place , lady .
` ` this place is odd enough without adding anything else to it . ''
it had taken her long enough to realize that that was why she went into journalism in the first place , why she was drawn to jokertown : deep down , she knew there was more .
jokertown is a poorer place because of their passing , and my life - and yours - is diminished by their loss . ''
you 'll love this place .
i 'd have cleaned up the place . ''
' it would have been interesting to visit a place that produces such short men with grey hair . '
water shunned the place , she thought , and begged her to go with it .
' she claimed to have drifted out from places farther west , near the islands of teji and komga . '
those are n't even real places .
he would not like to upset the gods and be sent to hell ; he had seen what came out of that place .
odd , she thought , but not the oddest part about this place .
' i left this place , and all its callous hatreds , on land where it belonged . '
we were all born in the same place !
the gaping hole in her body was clean , as though the water had taken her blood with it when it cleaned this cursed place .
` ` i love this place , '' said wednesday .
` ` is n't it a wonderful place ? ''
those places .
just enough for a ticket out of this place .
there was a war in that place , and it was a small war , no more than a skirmish between the men of two rival villages .
soon , it seemed to her that they pretended that there never had been a place called st . domingo , and as for haiti , the word was never mentioned .
` ` now , my mom 's family were european jewish , '' continued sam , ` ` from one of those places that used to be communist and now are just chaos .
the fat kid said , ` ` this place is such a f**king dump .
the good places , and the bad .
everything was too big in that place .
there were old gods in that place : gods with skins the brown of old mushrooms , the pink of chicken flesh , the yellow of autumn leaves .
too long in this place is goin ' to mess you up . ''
then he said , ` ` they know that they live in a good place .
it did n't take much imagination to know he wished he were traveling that road , getting away from this place .
but after the scare the night before , i was twitching with my desire to get out of this place .
we got these up all over town , but this is a poor place .
she understood kardos , who flirted even to hide fear in this place and had no control over his mouth .
the few oasis towns they passed through were narrow places in spirit , less unfriendly than perplexed by strangers : the marketplaces lazy and slow , men in black skull - caps smoking and drinking spiced tea in the shade and watching them curiously ; tharkay exchanged a few words now and again , in chinese and in other tongues .
` ` at least , i am almost sure ; they all had the ends of their hair wet , coming out of the place , and the fair ones - the fair ones looked pink with heat . ''
that place was a vampire haven , as were some of the other places in europe and asia my father had taken me to visit .
that place was a vampire haven , as were some of the other places in europe and asia my father had taken me to visit .
amberwood preparatory school was apparently a prestigious place , and i idly wondered if maybe i could treat it as pretend college .
it was one of the few places in the united states that i 'd never been .
i 'd even been to the moroi royal court , a place few alchemists had ever visited .
besides , really , the scariest thing about this place was the old house itself .
another city on niobe 's list of places to visit someday .
` ` fuck no , '' said hoodoo mama , ` ` i just use it to keep the fuckers from stinkin ' up the place .
gaius could heal himself , heal bernard , and they could all leave this hideous place .
` ` do this for me , fidelias , and you can finally get out of this place .
the place had a seedy look to it , the boards of its houses weathered with age and smeared with tar .
` ` truth be told , i do n't care much for the place , either . ''
fellcove 's filth ran through garbage - choked gutters on either side of the street , and the whole place smelled awful .
the epicenter of the trouble was a place named white ridge , which was a dot on the map so small that it looked more like a printing error than a population center .
even the place where he lived did n't make much of an impression on the world .
i 'd met him before , on the first leg of my journey to this strange place ; he 'd been watching over lewis 's house in connecticut , weeks ago .
new york had been layers upon layers of reality - you could read the history of the place through its emotional remains .
` ` this place is full of downworlders .
` ` nice place , '' said jace , drawing aside a heavy swag of curtain .
i ' m sick of this place . ''
` ` we ca n't go around picking up every pile of dust in the place just in case it turns out to be gregor in the morning , '' said a girl with a sulky mouth and painted - on eyebrows .
this place is haunted , cursed .
it 's a beautiful place , and i ' ve always regretted that you ' ve never seen it : you would love the glossy pines in winter , the dark earth and cold crystal rivers .
` ` well , if your father 's really in this place , then where is he ?
his hand felt reassuringly warm against mine ; this place had me shivering before we 'd gone two feet from the door .
nothing got out of that place alive , except us . ''
a place where everybody knows your name ... and you 're always glad you came ... if you 're jesse saldana , that is .
the entire place could ' ve fit into the posh suite we 'd rented at the hotel in monterrey , but i had lived in worse places that last year in foster care .
it was an old place , full of dead heroes .
i 'd be the knife that cut this place wide and the fire that burnt it clean .
my husband , jim , handles the repairs and restoration around the place , so you wo n't see him much .
she made it fancy for us with ground chicory and cinnamon , and it made me homesick for a place that had burnt to the ground years ago .
` ` this place is evil , '' i whispered .
you ca n't miss the place . ''
` ` this place is like living in the dark ages . ''
` ` it 's an evil place , '' i said , low .
like a listing iron rooster weather vane on top of a farmhouse , my memories of this place carried a tarnished patina of fear and darkness , making me more reluctant to do what i knew needed to be done .
but those places both took a week or more for delivery .
i 'd level this city , find shannon , and then run the place properly .
no , they were n't , and the fact that we 'd found such a good soul here , of all places , made me wonder about the stories i 'd been told .
the place was cleaner than the forger 's pants .
if he had his scrabble tiles , he 'd be han soloing all over the place , with a bad feeling about this .
` ` does twila run this place ? ''
` ` then you must be pretty excited , getting to see the place for the first time . ''
nobody so much as blew his nose in this place but that billy did n't tell 'em it was okay to take a kleenex .
and that was n't the worst of it -- there were puddles all over the place , even when it had n't rained .
across a shallow lawn , the mccready funeral home was dark inside , but there were exterior lights on all over the place .
jim trod carefully , because god knew there were loose ends hanging all over the place .
` ` he is at liberty to we d. '' chapter 12 ` ` it is not reasonable , '' temeraire said to iskierka , ` ` that napoleon should also try to become emperor of the incas ; one would think he might be satisfied with france , not to mention italy and prussia and spain , and all the other places which he has conquered .
` ` though i 'll miss this place .
awful lot of upper crust in this place . ''
the flowers , like everything in this place , were dead and wilted .
` ` plenty of babes in this place . ''
` ` about this place , duh . ''
` ` like my father was connected to this place . ''
he found traces of them in a place called newgrange .
we 're going to move to a place we know , a village called paskinston .
paskinston 's a sleepy place , with a couple of tiny shops , a crumbling old school , a stumpy , ugly , modern church , and not much else .
i do n't think we ' ve anything to fear in this place .
he 's not welcome in this place .
it 's been a long time since i was in a place this crowded and noisy .
as i ' m staring at the webby castle walls with one eye , keeping the other on the demons , i get the strangest sense of dj vu , like i ' ve seen this place before .
you figured this place out and dealt with it .
i could get to like this place , she thought .
this place has millionaires , ceos , a few movie stars .
you know how big this place is . ''
bullshit redneck biochemists all over the place these days .
i liked emeritta and was happy she was coming with us to charlotte ... and any other place after that , depending on how quickly robbie discarded her .
i do n't know about ellensburg , but redding is a small place .
` ` yeah , i 'd miss this place , too , '' i said .
i knew that now , because where i was was not like that place .
` ` people robbing and murdering all over the place , what sort of impression are visitors going to take away ?
i tell you , this place is a spiderweb .
the dehydrated ocean is a strange place , but not so strange as its fish . )
' how 'd you hear about this place ? '
whole place gone to pot .
he 'd never in fact fought an opponent , since wizards generally abhor exercise and the only other university resident who ever entered the place was the librarian , and then only to use the ropes and rings .
i said the place needs bright'nin ' up .
' to a place called ankh - morpork , ' he said despondently .
but you ca n't be homesick for a place you ' ve never been to before , it stands to reason .
it would have been cheaper , soll complained , to have risked the wrath of the wizards , sneaked some filming in ankh - morpork itself , and then slipped someone a fistful of dollars to put a match to the place .
one of the players in a game of cripple mr onion in a tavern had accused another of palming more than the usual number of aces , and knives had been drawn , and then someone had hit someone with a ` ` bench , and then someone else had stabbed someone , and arrows started to fly , and someone had swung on the chandelier , and a carelesslyhurled axe had hit someone in the street , and then the watch had been called in , and someone had set fire to the place , and someone had hit a lot of people with a table , and then everyone lost their tempers and commenced to start fighting .
something must have really hated this place .
in some places it was very thin indeed .
' she could have found time to go over the place with a duster , ' she said vaguely .
' there 's people asleep all over the place with spiders ' webs all over 'em .
' i should think the rats and mice get it , then , in an old place like this . '
a place where madmen have mad ideas .
this place is too sophisticated .
and yet there seemed to be a lot of lesser gods around the place .
and any city where potters did n't worry at all when nak*d , dripping wet old men came and drew triangles on their walls was a place brutha wanted to find out more about .
sounds like a place where people do n't have trouble believing things .
take it from me , whenever you see a bunch of buggers puttering around talking about truth and beauty and the best way of attacking ethics , you can bet your sandals it 's because dozens of other poor buggers are doing all the real work around the place while those fellows are living like- ` ` -gods ? ''
p'tang - p'tang , with his lesser servants , had talked personally to him , making him promise not to wage war on some place he 'd never heard of .
had n't thought about the place in years .
wolves all over the place .
` ` ca n't have you skulking around the place inventing millions of other universes that 're too small to see and all the rest of that continuinuinuum stuff , '' said ridcully .
not an ... not one o ' the lords and ladies , '' said granny , ` ` but something from el ... that place . ''
` ` ca n't abide another queen around the place , you know .
i would n't say a word against her , mark you , a fine figure of a woman , '' he said loudly , and then added rather more quietly , ` ` but they do say she creeps around the place o'nights , as a hare or a bat or something .
verence wants the kingdom to be modem and efficient , and that means no horseshoes and stuff around the place .
and there 's all these continuinuinuums all over the place .
and there was iron all over the place , and mum had been very definite about the iron .
not bloody great briars all over the place .
` ` there 's bands of elves all over the place , '' said nanny , ` ` and there 's a big glow over the dancers- '' ` ` we must attack them ! ''
( in one strange but theoretically possible universe the watch house was redecorated in pastel colours by a freak whirlwind , which also repaired the door latch and did a few other odd jobs around the place . )
women who were merely well - off saved up and bought dresses made of silk edged with lace and pearls , but lady ramkin was so rich she could afford to stomp around the place in rubber boots and a tweed skirt that had belonged to her mother .
or are you just afraid of becoming some old man dying in the groove of his life and buried out of pity by a bunch of youngsters who never knew you as anything other than some old fart who always seemed to be around the place and got sent out to bring back the coffee and hot figgins and was laughed at behind his back ?
' i mean , does n't it strike you the place is a bit odd ? '
seems to me there 's too much sloppiness around the place .
there were quite a few coaches outside the ramkin mansion , and the place seemed to be infested with assorted female relatives and interchangeable emmas .
i 'll tell you ... there would n't be all this trouble around the place if we had a king . '
he 'd always wanted to make the city a cleaner place , and he might as well start here .
' i happen to know , ' said glod , abandoning that line of conversation , ' that there 's a lot of places in the city that do n't like paying guild rates .
this place did n't have style of any sort .
you expected hourglasses in this place .
they did n't like to do it because they thought you 'd be scared and scream the place down .
generally he never went near the place .
' and the librarian 's wandering around the place pinchin ' stuff and no - one listens to a word i say . '
otherwise they 'll wreck the place ! '
' i ' ve heard about places like this , ' whispered glod .
rincewind had always understood that the agatean empire was a peaceful place .
if that sort of thing was tried back home- ' ' ah , but this place has been going a long time .
mind you , a country that 'd wipe out a whole city to teach the other cities a lesson was a mad place .
twoflower had been quite unable to believe that the world was a bad place and that was largely because , to him , it was n't .
but if someone wrote a cheerful little book about ... ... ... ... what i did on my holidays ... ... ... ... in a place where the world worked quite differently ... ... ... ... then however fossilized the society there would always be some people who asked themselves danger - ous questions like ' where 's the pork ? '
black fellas wanderin ' around all over the place .
they were heading for warmer weather in places granny weatherwax had only heard about .
every time anyone loses a hammer in this place , it 's been stolen by the ghost .
close the place ?
' you do get to see places . '
some creature in a mask has the run of the place , gets a prime box all to himself , kills people , and you sit there saying there will be trouble ? '
and there it was , roaring through the night - time of the soul of the place like a deep cold current .
possibly , as a result of that muted conversation , four or five yards of exquisite fabric would change ownership in some ethereal way , and yet nothing so crass as trade would have taken place .
conservatories all over the place , ' said nanny .
it was just that , if a mysterious person came and sang in the walls , and moved around the place like a ghost , and possibly killed people ... well , you 'd prefer a bit more style than a box of matches with a picture of a grinning troll on it .
in mrs plinge 's place she 'd have done exactly the same thing , except a good deal harder .
you 're all cooped up in this place , listening to daft plots what do n't make sense , and i reckon it does something to your minds .
they fall into unfortunate places .
make you happy , would it , the whole place burning down ? '
this place sends even rat catchers mad ! !
' there 's magic all over the place , ' said swires .
i want to go back to where- ' a trace of moisture appeared in rincewind 's eye - ' to where there 's cobbles under your feet and some of the beer is n't too bad and you can get quite a good piece of fried fish of an evening , with maybe a couple of big green gherkins , and even an eel pie and a dish of whelks , and there 's always a warm stable somewhere to sleep in and in the morning you are always in the same place as you were the night before and there was n't all this weather all over the place .
volcanoes all over the place .
' i heard they said they were going to clean up this place , ' said someone .
he was the old woman 's grandson or nephew or something , which gave him a licence to hang around the place and beat up any kid smaller or weaker or brighter than he was , which more or less meant he had the whole world to choose from .
it 's got everything , this place . '
' it 's important to stop him mopin ' around the place . '
drinks like this tend to get called traffic lights or rainbow 's revenge or , in places where truth is more highly valued , hello and goodbye , mr brain cell .
cats to a wheel which , when revolved against some beads of amber , caused any amount of electricity all over the place .
little miracles all over the place , with many a merry ho , ho , ho .
' i ' ve seen this place , ' she said , tapping the page .
there was a certain culinariness about the place , i recall .
look , this is a place like gr -- - death 's country .
this was a strange place , no lie about that , and all that business with the teeth had been very ... odd , but he 'd been out with chickenwire when jobs had gone wrong and both the watch and the thieves ' guild had been after them and he 'd been as cool as anyone .
' this place is getting to you , right ?
skull and bone decorations all over the place .
' anyway , the place is a maze- ' medium dave said .
' i ' ve got little devils running round the place eating socks and pencils , earlier tonight we sobered up someone who thinks he 's a god of hangovers and half my wizards are trying to cheer up the cheerful fairy .
' this place gets into your head , does n't it ? '
' there 's not a little old woman in a shawl running this place .
' he 's ... more or less running the place now . '
' my word , ' he said , with glassy brightness , ' can this be a reference to ` ` old stoneface '' vimes , who led the city 's militia in a revolt against the rule of a tyrannical monarch in an effort to bring some sort of freedom and justice to the place ?
sometimes the boy ran the place .
' you said this place gives you the willies . '
' there was trouble all over the place yesterday ! '
' a war 'd do this place good , ' said sergeant colon , after a while .
of course he 'd patrolled certain parts of the shades in his time - the ones where young ladies tended to hang around without very much to do , and probably catching cold too - but those areas of police work that in other places might be of interest to a vice squad now tended to be looked after by the guild of seamstresses themselves .
clearly a mad place , with madmen in it .
' i ' ve never really liked the place .
' the old place wo n't be the same without him . '
wizardry was traditionally competitive , and , while uu was currently going through an extended period of peace and quiet , with none of the informal murders that had once made it such a terminally exciting place , a senior wizard always distrusted a young man who was going places since traditionally his route might be via your jugular .
this place baked people .
' it 's one big place ?
i mean , if the bush just hopes that butts are going to be dropped around the place , who does it think is going to smoke them ? '
' would you be interested in hearing what else is odd about this place ? '
food was always available for the asking at unseen university , you could say that for the place , even if you said it with your mouth full .
this place needs a hero .
anyway , mister wizard , it might have escaped your notice that the place is filling up with smoke !
' has this place got cellars ? '
you 're taking to this place like a duck to water .
in some places it was hundreds of years ago .
some other places ... well , maybe it has n't happened yet .
the city of quirm was a nice , peaceful , law - abiding place and the city council kept it that way with a penal policy that combined the maximum of deterrence with the minimum of re - offending .
' well , the abbot is mighty suspicious and there 's some amazing rumours flying around the place .
cats walked as if they owned the place anyway , and the world was full of stupid - looking kids and people were n't rushing to see another one .
little bursts of it puffed up from gratings and manhole - covers all over the place , as if the whole town had been built on a kettle .
' there 's rat runs all over the place and there 's a few dead rats but we have n't found a living rat anywhere , guv . '
rat bones all over the place . '
there 's poison all over the place .
' we ' ve triggered all the traps we ' ve found but there are still poisons all over the place .
' and rat droppings all over the place ! '
' he struck it on an old bit of iron , ' said nourishing , ' and then he walked out along the beam with it flaring , and down below i could see all the crowd , the hay racks and the straw all over the place , and the people milling around , just like , hah , just like rats ... and i thought , if you drop that , mister , the place will fill with smoke in a few seconds and they ' ve locked the doors and by the time they realize it they 'll be caught like , hah , yeah , like rats in a barrel and we 'll be away along the gutters .
' i knew i was going to like this place .
and they go to the rat museum , and they eat ratburgers ( guaranteed no rat ) and buy rat ears that you can wear and buy the books of rat poetry in rat language and say ' how odd ' when they see the streets signs in rat and marvel at how the whole place seems so clean ... and once a day the town 's rat piper , who is rather young , plays his pipes and the rats dance to the music , usually in a conga line .
it spent a few days beating up the local cats and getting the feel of the place and , most of all , in sitting and watching .
' and so you 'd be amazed at the booby traps there are around the place , ' vimes went on .
we ' ve got others around the place .
this place needs shaking up . '
' and the best thing you can do for them is make sure there 's a bit of law around the place , ' said vimes .
an ' there 's lootin ' all over the place , they say , an ' the day watch are out chasin ' people only most of 'em are hidin ' now ' cos- ' ' yeah , i get the picture , ' sighed vimes .
' you could say it 's the most law - abiding place around . '
if they had been in a position to put a red spot on the heads of those people who were not friends of the patrician , and a white spot on those who were his cronies , and a pink spot on those who were perennial waverers , then they would have seen something like a dance taking place .
it was , in fact , one of those places that exist merely so that people can have come from them .
worse than an ashpit in this place , sometimes . ''
` ` a wonderful place ? ''
and we wuz good boys back in the land o ' the livin ' , and so when we died there , we wuz borned into this place . ''
some said they were a warning : avoid this place .
what kind of a place is it where you never grow up ?
she had to get through the forest , find the queen , get her brother , leave this place !
now there 's the dromes and the hounds and the stinging fey and such stuff creepin ' in from their own worlds , and the whole place has gone doon the tubes . ''
this place annoyed her .
she 's not really very old but she says she 'll be happy to have a third pair of hands around the place . '
around the place , separated by fields and scraps of woodland , were the houses of people for whom twoshirts was , presumably , the big city .
every world is full of places like twoshirts .
things hung from the apple trees or were tied to posts all around the place .
that was a safe bet in these places .
' why do you need a wizard to protect you , with all these magical amulets around the place , mr stronginthearm ? '
this place is dying .
this place would go up like a bomb .
at least we can make the place look clean ! '
when we all know that it was a lumbering , smug , overstaffed , overweight monster of a place ?
werrrl , the watch was all over the place by then , you may depend on it .
' nice of you to say so , sir , but this place is n't for a young man with a future , ' said groat .
this was a great place , once .
perhaps there really was a curse on this place .
' this place needs a priest , or a wizard .
look at this place , will you ?
it never does , though , 'cos this place is cursed . '
i 'll swear , all them letters pressed together in here , all the ... the passion of 'em , sir , why , i do think this place has got something like a soul , sir , indeed i do ... ' the tears coursed down groat 's cheeks .
' does n't this place give you the creeps ?
tell me , mr lipwig , do you know much about the history of this place ? '
' he said the place drove them mad in some way .
the post office is going places and you could be in the driving seat . '
' that bastard has just walked into the place ! '
but you did n't because , as miss tick had once explained : a ) it would make the world a better place for only a very short time ; b ) it would then make the world a slightly worse place ; and c ) you 're not supposed to be as stupid as they are .
` ` er ... i know my way around the place , so if you need any help , just ask . ''
what kind of help would she be around the place ?
grapes all over the place , eh ?
the place got a lot warmer after he left , too . ''
` ` aye , time wuz when places like this had some pers'nality .
perhaps it 's the sheer zestful vitality of the place , or maybe it 's just that a city with a million inhabitants and no sewers is rather robust for poets , who prefer daffodils and no wonder .
no - one on the plains knew why they had done this ; it was generally considered by the younger generation in the city of sto lat , the city around the rock , that it was because the place was dead boring .
' gallivanting all over the place until all hours , i heard .
' the place feels different when he 's here .
the time in this place is just a sham .
there was nothing very remarkable about sinister figures in this place .
it was a spelter who suddenly longed for those quiet days , only hours ago , when magic was gentle and shuffled around the place in old slippers and always had time for a sherry and was n't like a hot sword in the brain and , above all , did n't kill people .
it was the kind of place that looked exactly as you were always going to remember it .
it was only because spelter had never heard of aircraft hangars that he did n't know what to compare it with , although , to be fair , very few aircraft hangars have marble floors and a lot of statuary around the place .
after years of wrangling the whole thing was then turned over to ly tin wheedle , arguably the disc 's greatest philosopher [ 22 ] , who after some thought proclaimed that although it was indeed true that all places were one place , that place was very large .
by the way , ' he added mildly , ' there would appear to be somewhat fewer servants around the place .
he needs an older head around the place . '
' he does n't seem to like the place much . '
but he felt he 'd gladly pay something to be out of this place .
' to be honest , i ' ve got used to them around the place .
there was not a lot that could be done to make morpork a worse place .
' people never learn anything in this place , ' she 'd said .
' do they have any vinegar in this place ? '
the complex system of criminal guilds had not actually made ankh - morpork a safer place , it just rationalised its dangers and put them on a regular and reliable footing .
he remembered his father visiting the nursery one day and forgetting to take it off ; teppic had screamed the place down .
those boats would be going to places he 'd only ever heard of , he knew .
last we heard you were going off to be king of some place no - one 's ever heard of .
' i ' ve seen you oiling around the place .
when i went to see the sgt i saw a place called , the thieves ' guild ! !
it was blocks away in a part of town that had once been a bad area but had been gentrified , which used to simply mean claimed by the yuppies , but had come to mean a place that the faeries had moved into and made more magical .
` ` i am old enough , '' robert said , ` ` but i ' ve been running this place too long to be insulted about much of anything . ''
i ' ve got him across the street with eyes on this place . ''
it galled her that she would have to return to a place she held with such contempt , but the seat of power for dark plains was garbhan isle .
she 'd swim in the rushing river or lie under this place 's one sun and sleep like her old dog gruffy used to - belly up and snoring .
gwenvael could smell the fresh ocean air and he longed to dive in and swim far , far away from this place .
to be honest , it was a charming little place .
many places , in fact .
she was thousands of miles from her kinsmen and in a place that knew nothing of her .
` ` the fact that we ca n't keep a bloody nanny in this place makes it matter . ''
` ` how interesting this place is . ''
` ` i can go places . ''
` ` go places ? ''
` ` and not just the popular , touristy places either ...
you 're here , and i ' m here ... together , and soon enough we 'll both be free of this place , '' he promised , before pulling me against his chest .
` ` i think that place just sucked twenty years out of my lungs . ''
` ` how can you not love this place ? ''
every hour until we bust through the front door and burn this place to the ground , he said with conviction .
you ' ve kept her in that ramshackle place you call home .
grenville has the place now ; not a bad fellow , so far as i can tell ; if he does not understand the least thing about dragons , that hardly makes him unique . ''
` ` burnt to the ground , the whole place , '' chenery said , tipping back the cup of grog which had been given him , thirstily .
one must naturally first set aside the names derived from places long anglicized in language .
the case may be different when a name is derived from a place actually in wales ; but even such names could migrate far and early .
` ` his magic is all over this place .
within a minute , he itched to run , not walk , away from this place .
hell was an actual place and the suffering there was very real .
` ` i know , i ' m too good for this place - happens to me all the time . ''
the woman who gave birth to me and i came into the place after her and one of her three boyfriends got into a fight and she lost the sight in her left eye . ''
but i could be happier in a place like this , '' sydney smiled .
` ` when you run the place and you 're good at it , you can wear whatever you want . ''
the place is a dump .
` ` i told you this place was cocked up , '' edwards said .
someone had to figure out what the hell was going on , and it could n't be alec because he had places to go and a wolf to kill .
` ` we should get in the cars and leave this place .
` ` a dreadful place . ''
` ` this place creeps me out . ''
he called the place a ' dump , ' i believe .
` ` they think this place is going to be lit up like times square .
this place gives us the creeps in the daytime . ''
i was immediately jealous of dex and the fact that he obviously got to go to all these places .
i had n't heard any of the tales and neither had paula ( his ex ) but i knew deep , deep down there was something terrible about that place .
i was glad ada never got to see this place .
we were in the border lineup heading into british columbia , a place i had n't been to for at least five years .
afraid there 's just not much written about the place . ''
it looks like it 's really close by , and it is , but believe me , that place can get rough . ''
basically , at the turn of the century or just a bit before , chinese lepers were gathered off the streets of victoria , vancouver and other places in b.c . , and shipped to the island , where they were left to fend for themselves with no medical treatment .
` ` i ' m getting a bad feeling about this place , '' i said to dex while pulling my coat in closer .
the smart boaters went there ; the crazy ones came to this hostile place .
this place has a dark soul of its own .
this place was taking over day by day , hour by hour .
` ` this place killed me .
this place is too close to the black and white world .
` ` this place is like a second home to me , '' al said jovially .
every place has stories and a place like this , festered with people who have stories of their own ... it 's inevitable . ''
this place has no use for troublemakers , '' she said .
yet i still had a sense of freedom and hope in their peculiar - smelling place .
` ` now that you ' ve seen this place , you 'll be able to come here whenever you like .
no wonder chase kept failing , why leave a place where even the principal worshipped the ground you walked on ?
but if wishes were fishes , this whole place would really stink .
now that i was really getting a feel for the place , i could sense this vibe of resilience underneath the rough city streets , this pride and strength to keep going , to rebuild , to forge on .
i had assumed everyone was as scared and eager to run away from this place as i was , but that did n't seem to be the case now .
that 's probably why , rebecca , you did n't hear about the place before .
we always knew about that place ... our friends live in gary and they 'd go there at night , way before it was a school .
we 'd just got there and already the place was making me kind of sad .
` ` this place is something else . ''
whether it was the warnings from my dreams , the look of utter fear in brenna 's eyes , or the fact that rebecca - our rock , our island - was being affected by the place , i did n't know .
` ` i told you , i ' m not hav**g s*x in this place even if- '' ` ` i had two dicks , '' he supplied .
if you folks are really interested in the horror stories of this place , this floor is n't the one to give them to you . ''
this place could n't possibly get worse .
it had not pleased him to be riding at the head of such a cavalcade in these dreary and dubious places .
any of those places .
' trustworthy , reliable , knows the ins and outs of this place like the back of his hand .
do you use any arsenic around the place ? '
' yez walked into the place , ' said wee mad arthur , trotting along beside him .
' er , there was ... there was some boot polish ... ' ' look , ' said vimes , as kindly as possible , ' everyone takes small things from the place where they work .
besides , no one had really liked a golem around the place .
the upper mississippi , where abner marsh had been born and had learned his trade , was an entirely different place , confined between high , rocky bluffs and running straight as often as not .
all the niggers run off from that place , cause of things went on there .
he was born a free man of color in a place called the swamp , which i gather is a notorious district of new orleans .
not that i 'd expect anything so crass in this place .
they came from a place where they were unrivaled masters of war and death .
so long as he remains so , she will retain the hope that both of them might escape this place together . ''
that was the entire reason to have battle commanders in the first place - so that one man could balance the advantages of logic and reason against the emotional , insane demands of close battle .
` ` would you agree that the world is a dangerous and unfair place ? ''
people had definitely died hard in this place .
something about this place turned him cautious , opened old wounds , and i could tell that even if i 'd found a way to break the wards , it would have been hard for him to stay inside these walls .
supernatural stuff all over the place ? ''
except who 'd told iona we were getting married in the first place ?
` ` that guy who lived next door to you - all , he was calling to tell matthew to get his ass home , the cops were all over the place . ''
sarne was an ugly place once you left the tourist - oriented area centered around the courthouse .
most places , i would ' ve gotten thrown in the cage or taken to the hospital , but i had gauged this man correctly .
` ` but it was a smaller place , and it had a strong leader who hated the whole idea of me . ''
i 'd done what i 'd been hired to do , with no idea what the consequences might be in a confused place like sarne .
tolliver listed the places he 'd visited , and told agent koenig he 'd had a beer at one bar .
the place smelled of that best incense of all - old money .
the place smelled of a strange combination of gun oil and aftershave , a peculiarly masculine kind of odor that comforted me in places that i had n't known were nervous .
rain would n't even begin to derail the firestorm i was about to unleash on this place .
this place is n't all that under control right now . ''
` ` sir , i beg your pardon , but i have never heard of the place , and i gather it is in scotland ? ''
` ` i grew up in london , and would often come wandering about here as a boy , dreaming of dragons ; i dare say i know the place better than do you , if you have only been here a few days . ''
he tells of the history of panem , the country that rose up out of the ashes of a place that was once called north america .
at least , i do n't expect it because i do n't think of district 12 as a place that cares about me .
in school , they tell us the capitol was built in a place once called the rockies .
this place is not a larger version of district 12 .
maybe to say good - bye to the place , to my father and the happy times we spent there , because i know i 'll probably never return .
i remember district 8 , an ugly urban place stinking of industrial fumes , the people housed in run - down tenements .
and even if they were one hundred percent effective at sealing out the radiation , which is really unlikely , would we ever be able to leave this place ?
the place is in an uproar , with doctors shouting orders and the wounded being wheeled through the halls in their beds .
` ` it 's a saying from thousands of years ago , written in a language called latin about a place called rome , '' he explains .
` ` so , he 's got the run of the place ? ''
there are n't many down in this gloomy , misty place , except in the transfer .
one condition for my release is that i 'll continue under his care , although it will have to be by phone because he 'd never live in a forsaken place like 12 , and i ' m confined there until further notice .
this was the place that usually brought him peace , the outback , the remote territory , the unpeopled places .
` ` here is the last of places the man was known , '' it said .
on another day , with some other errand , ramon would have stopped , perhaps dipped his bare feet into the river water , and enjoyed the beauty of the place .
when they 'd stepped onto the enye ship , his first thought had been of how odd the place smelled - acid and salt and something reminiscent of patchouli .
` ` so this place was a trap . ''
who knew what resources he would be able to find once free of this place ?
i like this place very much , and so does nat .
there had in the kitchen cabinet on the d e had managed at least been no return to that level since , because hight , but ralph was terribly afraid he would arrive some sleep every n did n't ' there again - and perhaps places beyond there - if things improve .
the auras were back , but that was a little like saying hawaii was a place where you did n't have to wear your overcoat .
` ` how close did he come to lighting the place up ? ''
kind of improving the tone of the place .
in some ways - in a lot of ways , actually - derry was n't like other places .
` ` he never takes me for rides these days ; he just runs me places .
derry was not precisely like other places .
it seemed to ralph that the city 's atmosphere had improved a great deal since the big flood eight years before , but it was still not precisely like other places .
he has other places to go and other things to do , of course - veri dai , is undoubtedly a buy day when you 're a supernatural psycho like ( ' him - but it must be hard for him to stay away from this place for long , no matter how busy he is .
[ ` ` lois , i would n't do that - you could bring the whole place dow around our- '' ] too late .
[ ` ` most of my problem is being in this place .
i know you ) re busy , but you ought to find time to do something about this place .
there was no one at all in the corner , of course , but for a moment ... for just a moment ... life in the years between 1993 and 1998 went on as life in places like derry always does : the buds of april became the brittle , blowing leaves of october ; christmas trees were brought into homes in middecember and hauled off in the backs of dumpsters with strands of tinsel still hanging sadly from their boughs during the first week of january ; babies came in through the in door and old folks went out through the out door .
she 'd spent years keeping that knowledge from me , hoping to protect me from both my heritage and the agony she believed that place caused .
or rather , the place surrounding it .
it was hard to imagine this place mustering up a military .
` ` figured you 'd like this place .
other places repeated as well .
this place is n't on our side yet .
or maybe some place altogether different ?
i could n't turn this place into switzerland or nepal .
new york city was a strange place , but she doubted that there could be two people running around shooting at things with a bow and arrow .
only what happens , there 's all these tunnels under the place .
but you ca n't stop me from thinking what this place did to c. c. '' rosemary shrugged away from bagabond .
` ` egrets and werewolves all over the place .
i always heard things from mama and the relatives about how you ran away and why you came to this place . ''
all her life , angelia had heard stories about this place .
that 's a dark bad place , if half the tales be true . '
you can say what you like , gaffer , but bag end 's a queer place , and its folk are queerer . '
it was a pleasant , comfortable , welcoming place ; and he found himself wishing that he was really coming here to settle down in quiet retirement .
but i ' m getting to know some of the ways of the place . '
he was delighted to have found so polite a listener ; for frodo showed no sign of weariness and made no attempt to change the subject , though actually he soon got rather lost among the strange names of people and places that he had never heard of before .
their hearts were heavy ; for it was a fair place , and it had become like home to them , though they could not count the days and nights that they had passed there .
what a horrible place !
i almost felt i liked the place . '
but it is a queer place , and not for just any one to venture in .
you stink , and master stinks ; the whole place stinks . '
it is a very terrible place now .
asked sam , forgetting his fear in his eagerness for news of strange places .
what do you know against this place that makes its name so dreadful ? '
as you know , that city was once a strong place , proud and fair , minas ithil , the twin sister of our own city .
the ruined city , yes , very nasty place , full of enemies .
it ca n't be tea - time even , leastways not in decent places where there is tea - time . '
come , master sluggard , and look at this place while you may ! '
he forced himself to think of frodo , lying bound or in pain or dead somewhere in this dreadful place .
except for that little frightened rat , i do believe there 's nobody left alive in the place ! '
' there must have been a couple of hundred of the dirty creatures in this place .
' he messed up the scent back there , pinching that cast - off mail - shirt that he found , and paddling all round the place before i could get there . '
it 'll be better than many places i have seen . '
well , sally mullin left some of that ghastly barley cake in the oven for too long and burned the whole place down .
it was a really rough place in those days . ''
it is a wonderful place , '' he said , remembering the luxury and magyk that had surrounded them all then .
he 'd survived , and had made a study of poisons because he 'd heard that was vetinari 's speciality , but the place had bored him .
moist always felt rather guilty when he went into the place ; teemer and spools seemed to represent everything that he only pretended to be .
so they hung around the department , reluctant to leave the place .
you must get me out of this place , hicks .
' sorry , ' she said , ' but there were watchmen and guards all round the place last night and we did n't have much time .
they 're very big on not touching in that place , i ' m told . '
the reason why your idea of new york can be truer or less true than mine is that new york is a real place , existing quite apart from what either of us thinks .
the thrill you feel on first seeing some delightful place dies away when you really go to live there .
does this mean it would be better not to learn to fly and not to live in the beautiful place ?
it seems odd that a place so remarkably agrarian could have produced the prophecies and theologies upon which the entire world now relies .
it was the smallest of the dominances , however , and she 'd never visited the more exotic places in the empire .
he just ignores the place now - one too many failures , probably . ''
` ` you know , '' ham said after a few minutes of walking , ` ` there 's something else nice about this place .
perhaps , in the future , she could help start a real rebellion - one in a place where the skaa were n't quite so beaten down .
gather as many prisoners as you can , and escape this place .
` ` there is a bad air about this place , '' he finally said .
he described a strange world of colors and beauty - a place foreign and difficult to conceive , but somehow wonderful all the same .
he 'd grown up in a place far more cutthroat : an aristocratic court .
` ` use it to escape this place .
the world was a place that made sense .
it 's not a very nice place these days . ''
` ` coming to this place , '' he said , looking at the beautiful windows and watching the nobility , ` ` it 's reminded me of what i spent most of my life doing .
` ` as soon as i drop the bubble , '' wayne said , ` ` this place is going to erupt like an ammunition store in a volcano . ''
rather than kill a lot of people , most of them probably just wanted to shoot the place up a little , but such situations easily grew more violent than expected .
the city was a big place , and - from what wayne had overheard - brettin was always mixing up people 's names .
` ` you know , '' waxillium said , ` ` i ' m not sure i 'd call any place near ranette ' safe . '
` ` you run this place ? ''
the place was like a creepy ghost town .
` ` the place is like fort knox . ''
` ` this place is n't my idea of heaven . ''
` ` i do n't know what you 're doing to that boy , but - '' ` ` we ought to have a dog in this place , '' said the thick man to his companion , ignoring ransom .
for a few weeks his references to the dear old place and to playing the game , to the white man 's burden and a straight bat , had swept everyone , ransom included , off their feet .
yeah , a place that proclaimed itself as the ' paranormal protection agency ' was bound to be a little different , but that was a little far out , even for me .
` ` i ' ve felt for hours that there was some wonderful mystery hanging over this place . ''
you ca n't help feeling stronger when you look at a place where you won a glorious victory not to mention a kingdom , hundreds of years ago .
might have guessed we did n't belong to this place with all its queer , nasty , unnatural creatures .
` ` it 's an extremely bad place , in fact .
everyone knew that holders were never truly powerful , even in the wilds of a place like calderon , and she had let that unconscious assumption shape her self - perception .
any sensible person who saw what was going on there would run and not stop running until they 'd left the place far behind .
` ` the old place wo n't seem the same without you . ''
` ` some places , too ... ` ` said mrs . cake .
` ` you should see some of the stuff that goes on in this place .
nice to leave this place with at least a few shreds of dignity .
then , as she had in the recording studio , she thought of the woman in the rose madder chiton , standing there on top of the overgrown hill with her hand upraised and one bare shoulder gleaming in the strange , cloudy light of that place .
in a sunday - supplement article about the place which had been published a little over a year ago , the stevenson woman ( norman was struck by how much she looked like that cunt maude on the old tv show ) had dismissed that idea as ` ` not only sexist , but stupid as well . ''
well , he could shoot the place up , if it came to that ; kill some of them and scare the rest off .
` ` would you like to hear something that 'll maybe make you feel a little better about your first less - than - enthusiastic reaction to this place ? ''
still barking , and now he reminded her of all the cops who 'd ever sat in their rec room with their shoes off and their feet smelling up the place .
their father was with them this time ; and when they had looked and looked till the sun began to get low and tea - timish , he took them back home and would not stay any longer : he knew too many queer things about that place .
the little boy was rolling over and over on the dewy grass , in a very bed - timish light ( but no one seems to mind wet grass or bed - time in that place ) , and the little dog was rolling over and over with him , and standing on his head like no dog on earth ever has done since mother hubbard 's dead dog did it ; and the little boy was laughing till he - vanished quite suddenly and left roverandom all alone on the lawn !
i do n't even know the name of the place where the little boys live , and that 's a pity . '
this was beautiful , but i could n't imagine living in a place that was perpetually autumn .
i picked you because i thought you were going places .
even if he 'd had a wife and family , i doubted they could have filled it up , and anyway , the kind of people who lived in these places did n't have large families .
somehow i managed her circle picking places like malibu and paris for vacations .
this place does n't look like much , but they make a mean pho . ''
erik was always pretty cool to me , so i 'd rather see him get business than this place .
hospitals are creepy places , cold and sterile .
sometimes the posh places do work , you know . ''
even with a low energy yield like warren , a deep kiss would wake up my succubus instinct , start to connect us , even if no significant transfer took place .
` ` but that 's not the point - ` ` ` ` then why would you want to stay at bad places ? ''
why should they care that it 's a place i 'll fall in love with ? ''
the violation took place , '' i said , scarcely able to believe it .
was it possible that some spark of goodness could still endure in the darkness of this place ?
i had n't believed it at the time but could understand it better after being surrounded in the despair and wrongness of this place .
it was clearly too designer for this place , however .
` ` this place would be too boring without her . ''
she was all over this place .
the food shortages were n't as bad here as in other places .
look at them , doc , they 're dripping magic all over the place .
` ` if this place had died it would not have been just faerie that died , meredith . ''
that stood to reason , she supposed , if a soul was capable of feeling the torment promised in this place .
surely a place like this had a library .
` ` in a place like this you ' ve either got to be content to see everything go to pieces or else to sacrifice your own career as a scholar to all these infernal college politics .
oh yes , there are dozens of what look like policemen all over the place , and i did n't like the look of them either .
` ` that 's not how he runs the place .
there is n't a creature in the place that would go for another or for us once he 's had his little talk with them .
after i came out of the place underground .
it seems to me you ' ve been making appointments behind my back and turning the place into a kind of seminary .
there 'd better be one man about the place keep his head .
there were , all told , some ten thousand souls in the graveyard , but most of them slept deep , or took no interest in the night - to - night affairs of the place , and there were less than three hundred of them up there , in the amphitheater , in the moonlight .
the old roman 's hair was pale in the moonlight , and he wore the toga in which he had been buried , with , beneath it , a thick woolen vest and leggings because this was a cold country at the edge of the world , and the only place colder was caledonia to the north , where the men were more animal than human and covered in orange fur , and were too savage even to be conquered by the romans , so would soon be walled off in their perpetual winter .
it was the first time in his ten years that bod could remember feeling abandoned in the place he had always thought of as his home : he ran down the hill to the old chapel , where he waited for silas .
` ` the people in this place , '' said bod .
she had even taken him to a football match , as silas had promised that she would , but she had gone back to the place she called ` ` the old country '' after squeezing bod 's cheeks and calling him nimini , which had become her pet name for him .
there was a smile dancing on his lips , although it was a wary smile , for the world is a bigger place than a little graveyard on a hill ; and there would be dangers in it and mysteries , new friends to make , old friends to rediscover , mistakes to be made and many paths to be walked before he would , finally , return to the graveyard or ride with the lady on the broad back of her great grey stallion .
` ` well , let 's get away from the place , anyway , '' said lucy .
but some places - the sunny ones , she thought - were ultramarine blue .
' know then that my father was come of a coastward folk ere he wandered to that place , and the longing for the sea that i had never seen was in my bones ; which often had my father whetted , telling me tales of the wide waters and recalling lore that he had learned of his father aforetime .
in this place mablung was the form as first written ; see the com- mentary , p. 59 .
now despite the wisdom of their wisest such bitter words confused their counsels and delayed them , and there were no few of the stout - hearted that found hope in them , being sad at the thought of abandoning those places where they had begun to make an abiding place of peace and goodliness ; but turin begged orodreth for a sword , and he had not wielded a sword since the slaying of beleg , but rather had he been contented with a mighty club .
then his heart smote him , but he learned of some that dwelt nigh that lighting on better days the lady mavwin had departed some years agone to places not far distant where was a great and prosperous dwelling of men , for that region of hisilome was fertile and men tilled the land somewhat and many had flocks and herds , though for the most part in the dark days after the great battle men feared to dwell in settled places and ranged the woods and hunted or fished , and so it was with those kindreds about the waters of asgon whence after arose tuor son of peleg .
at those words some were silent and many shouted ` ` death '' , but airin said that it was not wholly in accord with the laws of that place , ` ` for , '' said she , ` ` brodda was slain wrongfully , yet just was the wrath of the slayer , and orlin too did he slay in defence , though it were in the hall of a feast .
now fare the days by and niniel and turambar dwell in peace , but tamar lamefoot wanders the woods thinking the world an ill and bitter place , and he loved niniel very greatly nor might he stifle his love .
then would they run , falling over stones in the blackness , till they perceived it was but the deceit of the place .
the wedding of tuor and idril took place with the consent and full favour of the king , and there was great joy in gondolin among all save maeglin ( whose love of idril is told earlier in the silmarillion , p. 139 , where the barrier of his being close kin to her , not mentioned in the tale , is emphasised ) .
( 13 ) there follow in the notebook c some jottings that make precise identifications of places in tol eressea with places in england .
( 13 ) there follow in the notebook c some jottings that make precise identifications of places in tol eressea with places in england .
he took enormous pleasure in the idea that he and howard were so much part of the fabric of the place that everybody in pagford was connected to them , whether as friend or client , customer or employee .
' what d'you think of the place , sammy ?
she had given andrew her mobile number and told him that they would go out together when she came to reading to see her father , and even mentioned , casually , taking him to see some of her favourite places in london , if he visited .
` ` i think the brits kicked out the monks , as they were wo nt , then , as they were wo nt , the cromwellians did the rest and sacked the place .
the decaying sign alerting that she 'd arrived read : incorporated 1639 , reminding cassie of the deep - rooted history of the place as the oldest town in cape cod .
but detain had for years - and even centuries - been an ordered and orderly place , so perhaps they were spoiled .
` ` and after this , i 'll take the cows to market , or the corn , or whatever we have to take to market ... at least until the bankers come an ' take the place out from under us . ''
goodness knows what the striking of matches and the smell of tobacco would have brought on him out of dark holes in that horrible place .
i should not have liked to have been in mr . baggins ' place , all the same .
` ` they are the best i am likely to get in this beastly place , '' he muttered , as he lay down beside the dwarves and tried to go back to sleep and find his dream again .
poor mr . baggins - it was a weary long time that he lived in that place all alone , and always in hiding , never daring to take off his ring , hardly daring to sleep , even tucked away in the darkest and remotest comers he could find .
then osgiliath , which in the waning of the people had long been deserted , became a place of ruins and a city of ghosts .
timothy had told cassie that love was the most powerful spell of all - that 's what had made her trek out here to the caves in the first place .
cassie had heard stories about this place since she first moved to new salem - scary stories , in fact - but she 'd never believed them or experienced them herself .
` ` is that what that place was ? ''
it became part of the life of every pub landlord ; they 'd hear a clank in the middle of the night and turn over in their sleep content in the knowledge that one of piss harry 's men was , in a small way , making the world a better - smelling place .
the bandy - legged , goblin - like little men who ran the place never bothered to stop anyone unless they appeared to have hidden a horse about their person .
this place was getting to mr pin .
in fact , he had n't the faintest idea why the place had caught fire , but it was hardly unexpected , was it ?
you think places like the shades are bad ?
` ` i hate this place , '' sarah said .
` ` in some places , yes .
this place had to be roasting these people alive , particularly after what they 'd been used to before i came along .
` ` you were just complaining about me getting too involved in this place .
ysabel remained firmly entrenched and would only ramble over and over about how she was going to tell her lord about me and escape this accursed place .
somehow , i doubted i 'd have the power in six hours to blow this place up with a mini - hurricane .
but i would not say no to a good port , if you can find a decent bottle in the place ; i think my mouth has been turned down forever from the godawful quinine . ''
but in his heart he thought the better of a man - slave if he could get half the maids in the place with child , especially if they bore boys .
this is a very dreadful place .
this is a terrible place . ''
` ` you wish to be well out of the affair ; just so : i wish you out of it also , and every other dragon in the place with you , at least long enough for our doom to arrive .
gregor had nothing but bad memories of the place , with its poisonous frogs , flesh - eating plants , and stretches of quicksand .
` ` the place '' was a pretty general term , but he knew ares would understand he was referring to the spring - fed lake known as the spout .
they 'd been using an empty pot by the door for a toilet and the place smelled like a sewer .
maybe this place was n't so foreign after all .
asked gregor , thinking it would be nice to know somebody was going to hang around and defend you in this place .
` ` remember you this place ? ''
her thin neck bent forward under the weight , and gregor thought how ill - suited she was to be queen of this violent , warring place .
and if this place were as dangerous as everybody thought , he would need her .
it was on the tip of gregor 's tongue to ask why hamnet had left regalia , where he had family , where he had friends , to live out in this dangerous , lonely place .
it was , in fact , the most important job in the place , in the mind of the candle knave .
to be honest , she hardly ever leaves the place .
someone with a widow 's peak , a skull ring , a sinister staff and a black robe was expected to spread a little evil around the place , although university statute had redefined acceptable evil in this case as being inconveniences on a par with shoelaces tied together or a brief attack of groinal itch .
the desk is heaving and there are supporters roaming around all over the place and someone 's been feeding them a lot of rumours .
the place looked like a foundry on the day they let the clowns in .
' they 're runnin ' about all over the place , i know that , ' said ridcully .
these days you see vampires hangin ' around all over the place .
' well , there is that place up in uberwald he talks about quite a lot , ' said trev .
' there 's far too many people around the place who would n't dream of doing a hand 's turn . '
' i reckon i can still remember every back alley in this place . '
there was fights all over the place last night .
' i just help around the place .
to think that some of her ancestors might have come from this place , traveling with luthair paendrag to seanchan .
she had spent the evening with her husband , reminding him of several important reasons why he 'd married her in the first place .
the prices would be low - this was a place that fed off of soldiers - but with his war - horse and finer clothing , he 'd be marked as an officer .
` ` take your spoils and leave this place .
one could only travel from a place one knew well , and so he could n't simply leave from dockside .
men who would work a place like this barely deserved life , let alone freedom .
i was just a shepherd boy , and dragonmount , tar valon and caemlyn were almost mythical places to me .
al'thor has those asha'man scouring the countryside looking for men who can channel , and i suspect rural areas like this are top on their list , as it is more likely that channelers could stay unnoticed in such places .
could anything be called regular for this place ?
` ` the place is much tighter now . ''
` ` i will not pretend that our division did not take place .
it was much the same for the other places the seanchan had conquered .
this place , with its stench and biting insects , would try the best of men .
` ` it is a dark place , my lord captain commander .
we were sent to the place on his orders .
mat hated gambling and drinking in a place where you had to keep one hand on your coin purse .
she 'd treated this place like a playground , changing her clothes on a whim , assuming that she was safe .
it was the first place she 'd come , well over a year ago .
besides , he wanted to see the place with his own eyes .
or a place like it .
most places , actually .
i told you this place was evil , hopper sent , suddenly sitting next to perrin .
this place , hopper said , is not only a place of wolves .
` ` i have heard that the shadowsouled think themselves masters of this place .
how could one not grow soft in that place ?
the whole bloody place has been laughing at me , lately .
perhaps she said it too quickly , betraying her worries , but this place had her on edge .
this place was not home , despite his childhood here .
` ` this place do set the hairs on my arms to points '' , he 'd said , and , ` ` i did wish to never walk these streets again .
this is what the amyrlin seat is for , this is part of why the white tower was founded in the first place ! ''
we ' ve set up our flaming battle positions and started scouting out kandor , and the place is a bloody mess .
he would feel the place out .
the air here at merrilor was sweeter than in other places .
` ` such a terrible place '' , amys whispered .
one could not describe this place .
` ` we can come down the slope just to the east of the forge and set those captives free and break the place apart .
this place is strange and dangerous .
this place disturbed all of them , so she was not surprised to hear of bad dreams .
this place was horrible !
he 'd know how to get them out of this place .
this place was awful and he wanted to be out of it .
so people did not recognize rand as the dragon reborn in this place .
this place was his antithesis .
the place was giving me a headache , anyway .
` ` nice place , jo .
the place was a tetanus shot waiting to happen .
the world 's a big place .
a while back , the teacher had taken me to philo , a rich man and a scholar , to show me to him as a fine pupil , and philo had taken a great liking to me , and even taken me to the great synagogue which was as large and beautiful as the pagan temples of the city , where the rich jews gathered on the sabbath , a place to which my family never went .
i ' ve never heard of such a place .
` ` nazareth is a small place , '' he said .
` ` i hope nazareth is a fine place as well . ''
our ship companions had long ago gone ahead , and we were with those who had come from many different places .
and tomorrow we would leave this terrible place .
` ` there 's nothing in this place but old clothes and stinking babies .
i lost count of the days , and the names of the towns and places we passed did not drop a hook into my mind .
i saw in one house nearby a few roman soldiers who looked very ready to leave this place if they could , leaning against the door frames and staring off at nothing .
they all ran around all over the place , but they did n't leave the hill , and they rebuilt it .
i did think of those things ... but i loved this place .
people came to hire us from other places as well .
and herod archelaus whom everyone still hated very much would be the ethnarch of judea , and other children of herod ruled other places beyond .
` ` this place is cursed .
` ` even the journey will do you good , and by nightfall , your little ones will be far away from the whispers and stares of this place .
that was a good place for you , with plenty of philosophers .
i remember feeling this perhaps for the very first time when we came to this place , all of us together , and i walked up the hill above nazareth and saw the green grass alive with flowers , the tiniest flowers - so many flowers , and all of it , grass and flowers and trees , moving as if in a great dance .
` ` perhaps he 'll be proud to rescue the beloved child from this miserable place , '' bruria offered .
i know it , s like no place else on the california coast .
but i , ll write the best story i can on the place .
yes , he would love this place , no doubt of it .
he was the man of the place , of course .
he wanted so badly for phil to see this place , but he couldn , t bring phil up here just now .
` ` now all this here is renovated , '' galton said proudly , ` ` and all this is wired for cable , every bedroom in the place .
well , time to get to work - to learn the place , and learn whatever else he could .
you sure as hell don , t have to let him hang around this place , you know .
this place is yours now , son , and people have got to get used to that .
phil looked like he belonged to the place in his disheveled tweed with his long unkempt gray hair .
naked and alone in this peopled woods , he , ll hover there , frightened , seeking to make a lair of a basement or an attic known to him in that redwood mansion where he wasn , t welcome , the place that used to be his home .
hellfire believers seem to delight in the idea that most of the human race would end up in just such a horrible place .
in other places , they are the spawn of adam before he coupled with eve .
` ` i google - mapped the place , '' said jim .
they 'd once traveled the lines to flee this place , and it had n't turned anyone 's eyes black - just killed most of them .
but whatever you do , do n't go anywhere near the place .
already the mood in the place was shifting now that the cops knew one of their own had died .
` ` two hundred in some places . ''
in a place like crowley the ` ` king of cigarettes '' would be more precious than diamonds .
i was n't familiar with the place , but i knew the type .
if we 'd been wrong about the connection between dionysus and the winery , we would have had a lot of explaining to do about the rapidly cooling body at our feet and why we 'd gone to the vineyard in the first place .
even without demons , growing up in a place like this would have been awful .
in my mind , it was now tied to this place , so i hated it .
this place was so strange .
that place was flying .
` ` this place is a dive .
` ` you must like that place . ''
that turned out to be a good thing because it took me about that long to recover from the shock of the place .
` ` this whole place is crawling with germs . ''
` ` i told trenton in the car - as far as i ' m concerned , we can just burn the damn place ... ` ` amy is braiding the tassels on the worn yellow rug , humming to herself .
silverlake , georgia , was a pretty place , full of ugly people .
there was one reason - and one reason only - that he had agreed to come back to this place that was no longer a home : to die .
and he ignored the wisp of a whisper that seemed to say , from very far away , ` ` i wish they 'd let the whole place burn . ''
she had been furious when they first moved to coral river , midautumn , after the leaves had already gone down , when the whole place was nothing but grays and browns , mud and smear .
she talked to him this way , in sudden bursts , half nonsensical , about people he did n't know and places he had never seen , brief and jumbled outpourings of old memories and whispered complaints .
having no money in the first place means not losing any when everything comes busting apart .
oh , googie , how can you spend so many years in a place like hollywood and still be so nave ?
she knew she was taking a chance wearing anything from kressthe place was barely a step up from woolworths five - and - dimebut it was a darling little hat with black trim and the cutest little pom - pom on top that matched her suit exactly .
the only escape was for her to marry and move away from this place .
i wish you could take me away from this place before a few years time .
the english think scotland a wild , untamed place , and she has not the inducement of love to lure her there .
she knew that he was talking about a place that she had overheard the other girls talking about .
gwynn talked quietly to another celtic lady , which she knew quite well from a neighboring village many people thought that murder was a sin god had made them what they were the bad place dean r. koontz tonight when that guard comes , the one that likes you so much , you shall give him what he thinks he wants .
a place less welcoming .
it is such a tiresome place , that the conviction has been growing upon me that england would be best served , were it to become the site of a gothick ruin , which one only visits briefly on a pic - nic in order to admire and sketch the picturesque nature of its fallen towers , and then moves on to more cheerful landscapes .
she was so ashamed of what had just taken place that nothing could induce her to remain for the festivities .
i come here to get away from crispin , so as you can perhaps appreciate , i know every conceivable detail of this place .
and then he looked over at the monster that could do such an awful thing and wondered , not for the first time , if he and his family should leave this place .
in her mind was a picture painted by her father , of a place overrun with bad men of all kinds , all of them grubbing in the dirt , growing tobacco right alongside the savages .
but in a place where death was a common and inevitable occurrence , she supposed it was practical for one to prepare for it throughout ones entire life .
to see if they committed the crimes for which they were convicted in the first place .
what a strange , allegorical name to give to such a place .
the sooner were away from this place the better .
i spent years of my childhood there , they were happy years and gave me such a sense of nostalgia as i drove past the familiar landmarks ; places i d not seen for thirty years .
( past ) i should love this place , for the whole of thornbury is my own work .
scuzzy , take a bike out to yesterdays area and comb the place .
so are you , in places .
you saw with your own eyes what is taking place in america .
he would call his father tonight and uncover the truth about what had taken place .
what had taken place was only one small scene of the terrible retribution the nazis would exact in human lives for what had happened .
he shook his head , paused a few moments in further thought , then expounded in confusion , glancing blankly at her , what theis he trying to tell us that the places he lived are the seven levels of hell ?
we agree that these are the places that galileo lived , but the order of the places in this stanza somehow seems to be significant .
if these are indeed references to places he knew , then line four almost certainly refers to vallombrosa .
this place gives me the creeps , he responded evasively , but it was clear that he was upset about something .
yahoo , paul said effusively as they entered the fortress gate , i just love this place .
texas was born because a group of immigrants , some legal , some illegal , including some who were downright criminals and terrorists of the lowest sorts , decided to take over their new adopted land , a place that had generously welcomed them , even offering them handouts and public assistance .
sobut texas is a very unique place and were a pretty independent lot to boot .
texas was a lousy nation for a mexican to be trapped in before , a place where you d get killed by a racist anglo at the drop of a hat , with your daughter raped and dishonored .
this was a place he knew , san antonio college .
now , you hinted that something more would have taken place were we we d. not that i would ever consider that , mind you .
i suspect you do not approve of my becoming so enamoured of a storekeeper 's daughter , but things are different in this place , and when a fellow is three thousand miles away from home , love makes a far more desirable companion than loneliness .
his words hit something deep inside of her , making her realize she 'd found her first real friend in this strange and lonely place .
if she had to go out and work as a seamstress in one of those squalid places in spitalfields , then so be it .
but i can ensure that everyone who 's anyone knows how wicked he is a crusade i started after i found he 'd dragged my darling perry into some den of corruption where wild orgies were held every saturday evening , and duels over the loose women who inhabited the place erupted at least once a fortnight .
witty and well read , he had been to places she had never even heard of .
up there in that godforsaken place you live in , people might have the ridiculous notion that showing an arm is harmful , but you re not in the north .
a mortal would have thrown their hands up in despair , thinking it impossible to plant an olive tree in such a rocky and desolate place .
i m a mountain man and i am willing to do the heavy liftin around the place in a partnership .
gordie here says he wants to help around the place , and i for one am not about to refuse any kind of help .
when i saw you i hopedthat is , i thought maybe you d made up your mind to come see the place and make up the old quarrel .
bramall is a magical place , with magic in its very long history ; it was no surprise to find a spirit there , its why we went , but it was a surprise and a mystery to find this incident .
it is n't possible to live in england , or many other places , and not know the tudor propaganda of shakespeare 's play .
i could offer no ritual ; any i could make up would be cheap and shoddy in such a place .
his travels have widened his insight not only of places , but also of people he has constantly observed and empathized with .
in those days brothels were not what they are today - sad places with blacked out windows , masquerading under euphemism of massage parlor .
the second seed that would lead to my walking amidst the orchards of a town i d never heard of before , was planted by my step - grandfather , equally ironic since he was in no way related to me in genealogical terms and had nothing to do with that place either .
before his retirement , leon rubin was a physics teacher in givatayim , literally two hills , israel , a suburb just east of tel aviv , a place well - off but certainly not rich .
oh , she continued , a place no one had ever heard of , dolhinov .
unlike in places further west , the jews had not yet explicitly made their ultimate choice of national identity .
in all these places , except perhaps the czech republic , the entire local nation had been victimized by both germans and russians , while much of it also played a large part in wiping out the jews .
true , the place has a bit of the look of a stage setting , the streets and sidewalks fuller with cars or people but rather empty , too , as they must have been in soviet times .
dolhinov was a place you had to go through .
i passed most of my time on earth without knowing even one of their names or the names of even one of these places .
the young israeli woman interviewing him is charmingly nave about places like dolhinov .
not the most hospitable of places by any means , but before the industrial age it supplied anything one could need .
many or most jewish daughters of dolhinov would we d men from nearby towns , marriages arranged through already existing family connections with those places .
men like shmuel were part of the eternal link between hundreds of places like dolhinov and the millions of jews who lived in them , with the land of israel , a lifeline that would eventually lead the towns survivors back to their ancestral home .
if dolhinov was a backwater , rechki was a pond , a place where a tiny jewish community lived surrounded by illiterate peasants .
but in this area , in sharp contrast to places further south , pogroms remained small , battles short .
indeed , even when peasants complained to the czar and governmentsometimes about individual jewshalf the scribes writing their petitions were jewish.xx the level of antisemitism in belarus was much lower than in other places precisely because the large peasantry was nt in competition for the social roles held by jews and since the byelorussians had no strong nationalism of their own .
jews easily became intellectual or cultural figuresas well as psychiatrists and their patients -- due to the kind of extreme awareness that so typified their lives in places like dolhinov .
dolhinov is , after all , a respectably large place , not just a one - mikvah town .
ironically , by the early twenty - first century it often seemed the main beneficiaries of this view were those reviving the type of slanders against the jewish people who perpetuated the massacre in the first place .
even after the invasion was launched , jews living under soviet rule in places like dolhinov were assured until it was almost too late that there was no danger .
older dolhinov jews had viewed germany as a preferable alternative to czarist russia , a place where jews had far more rights and prosperity .
it was too late.lxxi in fact , many jews who did flee pleshchenitsy went to a place they thought was safer : dolhinov .
yet in such places there was also human decency and cross - communal friendships .
how did jews from dolhinov , about 300 in number and outnumbered ten to one by the corpses of friends and families back in town -- and those from several other places -- arrive still alive at the peoples avengers at all through so much death and destruction ?
for some unknowable reasons , several families from dolhinov who ould take no more of the rocking cars and grinding wheels descended into the little town of sorozink , a place meaning nothing to them .
it is a myth that names were changed for immigrants at ellis island , a place none of my ancestors ever passed through .
in 1937 , my father went himself to europe though his itinerary , and whether he ever considered the idea of going to dolhinov , a place he never set foot in , is nt clear .
indeed , the only reason i was born was that one of them got my mother a job in a government agency in 1944 , the thing that brought her to washington in the first place .
in fact , one of the most interesting events of twentieth century western society and culture was the explosion of talent that would come out of places like that which would transform life and thought .
and they are about to go on their first trip to those places since she left a half - century earlier .
he is still there near the causeway connecting muhu and saramaa islands , by the straits of vike - vin , places i had never even heard of that morning .
there was really nothing so frightening in this place .
even if you prevail today , which i must tell you i doubt , and even if one day more of your warships follow and drive them from our seas entirelyeven if all this should take place , you will find your victory hollow .
` ` well , sir '' briggs smiled at winston as he thumbed toward the approaching ship '' this is the cargo we 'll be wanting now , if we 're to finish converting this place to sugar .
of course you steal a little at first , not too much or she 'd see , but then you remember the master , who idles about the place in his greasy nightshirt half the day , and who starts taking notice after you let the gouty old whoremaster know you 'd be willing to earn something extra .
the place , of course , was tortuga , and these days that meant the cow - killers , men who terrified the settlers of the caribbean .
` ` you know , i ' m always struck by what a puny little place barbados is . ''
what you 'd do for this place !
it 's a mercy of god the island 's so far windward from the main that the spaniards ' ve never troubled to burn the place out .
in truth the government now used among us is the same that hath always been ratified , and doth everyway agree with the first settlement and government in this place .
` ` you want to know everything about this place .
this place has bad times coming . ''
though in truth i 'd as soon neer see the place again . ''
my name is guy bartholomew , and if you know anything of this place , you 'll not have to be told i ' m master of the swiftsure , the finest brig in this port . ''
` ` this place is damnable strong , senhor .
` ` this place is very frightening , senhora . ''
so if you want to get men from this place , then i 'll help you .
` ` well , there ' ve never been many women around this place .
i 'd say this place 'll have no choice but stay french . ''
` ` the very place .
no city founded in the new world has grown more quickly than this place , nor achieved a like degree of wealth .
a lot of time had been killed in this place .
it takes nothing to spark a rumor around that place and a rumor is all it would take to ruin them both . ''
and i may need to by the looks of this place .
nay , there are to be some irish tartans , most of them named for places and counties .
woke up in the alley behind the place .
she really seems eager to see the place again .
i always thought it a quirky little thing about this place .
blanche and i had dinner here it was good , i had abalone for the first time in years it just got too late to call last night i miss you too no , more than that ha ha no , like i said , i just needed to put an end to this place ha , yeah , well the ghosts are gone are you eating enough ?
i hope you know now that there will be something to look forward to , something to live for , once we get out of this place .
sigurd wondered how fun it might be to live and work in a place like that .
she had grown to love the place , as her home since birth , sixteen and a half years ago .
obviously the place was taking this seriously , which means they either believe it is real or such a skilled forgery only a professional criminal outfit could be behind it .
the studios are taking tax breaks in other states and countries and setting up shop in places as far away as new zealand , vancouver and new england .
you truly love this place , do nt you .
well i m sure you are , being someone who has watched this place for so many years .
but , did you know , of these , there are only seven places recognized in north america and none west of the rockies !
you were right to stay away from this place .
he said the place was now a zoo literally .
the media circus is getting heavy down here and the authorities that run the place are nt happy with it .
father might need to adjust to this place , as do we all .
perhaps if we help more with their own work ... lord knows , there 's much to be done in this place .
and now that archie 's leaving here , it binds me all the more to this place .
he could not miss the whispers flying round this place -- surely mistress maccready has told him ?
it 's a wild place out there , harriet , betty said anxiously .
and i ' m looking forward to hearing the story of how you two know each other , and came to be in this forsaken place !
however , first we must get out of this place .
london was such an exciting place , with so many prospects for a girl like her .
and yet over there live some very wealthy people in places like kensington and belgravia .
you could have any bloke in this place .
he was now a journalist and had been in america for the past year , working as a reporter on the new york herald tribune , and while it had been very exciting to know he was living in such a glamorous place , it was good to have him home .
but what about this place ?
i hate those places .
but over time the residents had started to move away and find work in places like portsmouth and southampton and the rents stopped coming in .
evie kept quiet but thought to herself that if he 'd led the sort of london life she had , he would n't have been so keen to dismiss this place .
evie closed her eyes and breathed it all in ; thinking how much she loved this place .
i ' m just so grateful the place is n't crawling with policemen , serena practically spat .
but that place do n't exactly live up to its nickname .
wondered briefly if she had made it herself , but realized in pretty much the same breath that they have kitchen staff in places like this , of course they do .
vortigerns warriors had not , you may be sure , foregone to carry their slave girls and army harlots along to this remote place .
it was in many respects a lawless place , quite literally , for there was no effective police force until well into the 19th century .
so well be out of this place , anyhow .
and under the inquisitive gaze of the romans , i took my leave from that ghastly place and went to work .
you have properties and businesses in other places .
even in cities and places further away .
an abominable place !
you ll never leave that place .
maybe in the north , in places like boston .
dat place was hell on earth .
the place was full of evil looking men , even more disreputable than usual .
in fact she had lived so long in lancashire that she had even picked up the accent of the place .
he had not been too keen to go away from the valley while all this activity took place but he knew that he was lucky to have a good education and that without it he could never achieve his ambition of becoming an engineer .
i d like to see such a place .
after all he did not have to pretend to be a believer in this place where no - one knew him .
well at least they would be leaving this ghastly place in the morning and without huw , thank god .
and i thought , said john , that as you have several weeks of your vacation left and i know how much you like to visit new places of course i must ask my father , but i m sure he will agree .
we were due to leave in a few days , but frankly i have had my fill of this place .
so there i was , a young widder , living in this place , and with a very substantial inheritance .
what do think of the place ?
the man growled back , law already said no killing took place and you know it .
in most of wyoming , idaho or northern colorado , at least one would but this place he d not had call to visit so might be unknown .
pike smirked , saying as an afterthought , seems that s a matter your town should attend , being a nice place like it is , a real sheriff not taking pay from an outlaw might save a sight of trouble.hopping over the rail , adam shrugged .
apart from the bible , there is no record of a place called arimathea existing .
perhaps the sight of that girl , western , pale - faced in her olive - green overalls , reminded me of a world where corruption was nt so commonplace , or at least not so obvious ; a place where i had nothing to do with local garbage collectors desperate to make a few american dollars .
it was said to be the hairiest place we worked in , with a network of communist support , even if the villagers did nt show their true colours by day .
you need friends in this place .
i even cursed my luck in the first place , way back , when my birthday number was drawn out of some officially prepared government box in canberra .
i have a brother who got as far away from the place as he possibly could .
i thought cricket was a game played by the english , especially evelyn waugh characters , at places like eton and oxford , where they say , i say and jolly good , old chap and things like that .
i asked for clerical , hoping it d keep me away from this place .
i m just so sick of this place .
we got ta get out a this place , if its the last thing we ever do .
i have tried to make your time here as comfortable as possible , but its a hard , cruel place .
this place is hell as long as we k - kill for our god .
and he was going places .
he was going places .
he could never forget that place .
hard as he tried , he could never shake off the contagion of the place , that sense of powerthe power to crumple souls whose bodies would fall like ashes through his fingers .
this place will blow if you sit out .
is that the change that s taken place ?
here in millston , seeing the unfettered movement and social visibility allotted to gays , he s taken it as just another quirk in a weird place .
jared will be spending the next phase of doing timefor him to try and remember it as days or months or what part of 1971 , well , it just wo nt work that wayin county jails , state and federal pens , sometimes in a big house , at others on a farmthose minimum security barracks that fringe such places as leavenworth .
he knows shell feel safe there , although the place is bug heaven .
lots of hootch stink all over the place .
he gets up and paces , walks around the sofa , sees himself seeing himself here surrounded by all the opulent heavy - handed finery and overdone airs of the place , laughs at the scene , stares at the walls as if behind them is an audience .
the motels just across the street from the bus depot , a friendly place she remembers .
to be sure , the place is infested with - think of what has happened here over the centuries -famine - suicides . '
changing the subject , jessie said , ' i must say this place is beautiful .
since the french do not charge tuition for college , these places are often the home to those too lazy to work even the meager french thirty - five hour work week .
what saved the place was the hotels .
i started looking around for a place to get off the highway and feel the mood of the place .
there was frost on their canoes each morning for that last week , and they were very pleased to be back in a place filled with frenchmen , french wine , and the good cheer of family and friends .
this being a capital city and university town there are lots of people from lots of places living in green bay , including huguenots .
snook recognized the army was a place where one could make a good living with a minimum amount of effort and with a supply mos number it was unlikely he would be exposed to front line duty when the war came .
` ` if the bullshit gets any deeper in here i 'll have to call in a backhoe to muck out the place .
we found a nice hotel just off campus and decided to take a walk around the place before dinner .
sarah was beginning to wonder how hixson felt about leaving this place .
the place has nt felt like home to me lately .
hixson told her what had taken place , and sarah was touched by mommas willingness to take a chance like that for her .
he had his eye on every single irishman in the place , convinced that the investigation into cronins disappearance would be bathed in a thick coat of whitewash and the crime left to languish until it died at the end of an ice cold trail .
but the blame lies entirely in the one who recruited him in the first place .
at least when you get out you can go back to a place that has nt changed .
what use was his humanity in such a horrible place ?
he was a stranger to their world , a place where men went to work and came home at the end of the day .
the new girl knows enough to run the place , does nt she ?
but an annoying habit of running ships - of - the - line aground in confined waters had ended his seagoing career somewhat abruptly two years ago , and now retirement beckoned in this backwater of the lower echelons of society , this wide green place where only the very dregs of humanity found suitable refuge .
do you come from such a place ?
those i thought would answer most honestly were most reluctant to speak to me , so while the negroes felt discriminated against by the white people , they seemed to reciprocate the prejudices of that place quite handily .
i am sorry , carlowe we were both strangers in that place , our teacher was a good man , a brilliant man , but he regarded all non - greeks as sort of barbarians .
as you say , this world is a cold place and it has made me its product .
` ` you seem to like this place . ''
` ` i ' m sure there are many places you ' ve never heard of , hannah .
i did n't dislike the place , but i did n't want to return there in a hurry .
its just that this place seems so ... so ... wild and out of control .
there s low - level rolling hills all over the place that are spotted with stands of pines as well as groves of aspens and bunches of other kinds of trees .
and , though it is a vile place , its members are all carefully selected .
i don wan the ole city knowin bout this place .
the tommies might think they were in charge , but like most of the other germans he knew that when it came down to it the nazis were still running the place .
this place used to be a german pow camp in the war .
i m also a historian so i read quite a lot about the history of this place before i came here .
i ve thought about it a lot and if we do nt get ourselves free of british rule , this place is going to turn into something like scotland or england .
this place is breeding ground for caimon and mocassins , you know that !
seems like after you live in a place your whole life that friends would come calling .
she was raised in the south and has always had a fascination with other places , traditions , and cultures .
plus , look at this place , he says , gesturing to the burning city .
it was a beautiful place , and wade saw it in all its glory , before the war and pilfering , before the burning and invasion .
it sounds like a lovely place , mother , but i have no desire to leave tara .
this place is dreadfully boring and frightening .
her step was light , and her eyes sparkled , knowing she would leave this dreadful place soon .
walking down the street toward the motel , louise considered the events that had just taken place .
truthfully , i have always hated this place .
what took place here will be as our colleagues suggested .
he liked to hear about places outside of greece .
i have learned so much about the persians and egyptians , that it makes me want to visit those places . ''
for all the people in cranston knew , this had already taken place .
he could nt do that because berryton was the only place he had ever been outside of cranston .
the yankees had left sharpshooters all over the place just to harass our forces .
by time we got to that island of noe place , i was starting to show pox , and all of us who was sick laid there in tents , and them who was nt as sick tended us .
but find his way he had and he now sat in a restaurant on a long street called florida ( was n't that a place in america , though ? ) .
the engine , the coaches and their upholstery , the stations with their sensible stone and brick architecture , were all transplanted from familiar places .
whether it was to china , indonesia , burma , malaya , singapore , thailand , the philippines , formosa , or any of the other places now under japanese rule , she could only wonder .
what a dreadful place , thought adrian .
chapter xvii i could have told you that , raleigh said after replacing his goblet at the table , it was the sabbath and all was quiet around the place , they were taking advantage of the leisure to it fullest possible measure .
unit two had interested her , but it was not so much different than other places she 'd worked .
god , that place is awful for gossip .
the place is unbelievable .
this place has changed me . ''
` ` pretty nasty places . ''
she presumed she was n't getting an answer because , in a place like this , you would n't want to be singled out .
wainwright was not a place where people kept guns in their desk drawers .
one can not solve a problem from within the same frame of mind that caused the problem in the first place .
i worked in a coffee house , no place else .
we will not always want to go places especially when we both work all day . ''
we had nt been there long , but we knew almost straight away that it was not a friendly place .
but compared to the way our kind are treated in other places , we are lucky to have lived here safe this long .
he had visited many places during his long career as military cook .
just do not go out from this place .
aditi married to a guy named jagan ; a rajput migrated to bardhaman in bengal , a place not particularly far from hooghly .
there is a man out there , henry , that probably knows more about this place and what needs to be done than any man alive .
when we got there both were lying outside on the ground , shot , and the place had been burned to the ground .
a place called benton springs , she said , hoping that would be the end of the conversation .
i m from a place that s called loyal valley now .
` ` we jus ' come from a place where nobody bothered to fight for fun .
` ` i come out here with nothin ' , an ' i ai n't sayin ' i got all that much now , but this place ai n't that bad .
` ` it 's a fine place , '' ben said .
` ` it 's a good place , '' ben agreed , ` ` with good folks . ''
it is just that i love this place so dearly .
this place is much more than just a town to you .
if it were nt for your mother , the whole place would have succumbed to john and his scheming , and your lands in france as well .
he prides himself on running this place without any interference from any of us .
the place is full of men , violet explained .
we ve been running bare bones for years , and the place is on the ragged edge of collapse .
once he d assured himself of her safety , maybe he could think of leaving this place .
ill get my mates out and then well meet our captain on the queen annes revenge and sail away from this place .
if you would like us to bring in our whole crew , i guess we can do thati will say though , that this place wo nt look the same when we get through with itand you wo nt either !
since ocracoke is such a bad place , why do nt you come with us blue cloud , and snow flower , you stay with jaimie and the other girls .
it is because of me that your sisters were taken in the first place .
it was a wild and woolly little town , a place where a man had to keep his wits about him constantly .
' til i can get a little better idea of what 's goin ' on round this place an ' who 's helpin ' who steal the gold , i want to keep it a secret who i am an ' why i ' m here .
if you care anything about this place , about your own lives an ' property an ' friends , you can set up your own local government with leaders , lawmen , laws , an ' all the rest .
` ` you people here , you miners an ' businessmen an ' everybody else , you been so busy grabbin ' after gold that you would n't even take the time to organize yourselves an ' make this place halfway fit to live in .
what do you mean , there s no place like it ?
fertilization has taken place .
he 'll charge you goin ' an ' comin ' every time you take a leak around this place , but he ai n't such a bad ol ' sonofabitch once you get to know him . ''
the thought of being with a woman who was available to all the other scum in this place disgusted him , and yet he knew he could not get rid of her by simply sending her away .
` ` i do n't see why they had to pick right now to come in an ' clean this place out anyhow .
you ever heard of that place ?
i also hear its a nice place to visit , but you would nt want to live there , luke says grinning .
of course the yanks say the rebs have no souls , so this place must be filled with rebel malcontents of ever description .
i can inform you that i have not received a letter from you since arriving in this despicable place .
my assignment to this god forsaken place is one of those cursed times .
i surely hope and pray i will not be in this place for a fourth , in 1865 .
they may or may not know of rufus place .
the spirit of christmas , if there ever was any in this place , is absent this year .
thank you , sir , thanks , and may i ask when you get out of this place you might post a note to my family and tell them of my circumstances .
anything could have happened to prevent this from taking place .
it would be an honor president davis , but sir this place has not always been so tranquil and peaceful .
for weeks on end , the people of gettysburg buried the dead from this place , i still can not bring myself to say the word battlefield it was a slaughter , a field of slaughter .
tears run down malindas cheek as she listens to the girl speak of the savagery that occurred at this place , my son was with the south , we have never heard a word from him .
everyone was laughing and slapping sam on the back congratulating him for killing the bear when luke said to sam , sam you remember why you went into the cabin in the first place ?
no sir , thought luke , the war passed this place by .
luke and i had just come from that dreadful place called devils den .
no , just wanted one good look at the place , and to remember back when we all arrived in 52 .
most of the eyes in the saloon turned his way , except those of the drunken cowboy , who kept his pistol waving around wildly , ranting about taking on the whole place .
without it , this place would be a ghost town within three months .
` ` it might be something he 'd remember the next time some drunken bum of a texas beef - buster decided to come in and break the place up .
if it came down to a fight , a familiarity with the town would be a great advantage , and since rakestraw had been here many times before , he would already know the place fairly well .
he could use all the friends he could get in this place .
we 'd like you to leave town before you turn this whole place upside down .
parkman returned the friendship to the young deputy , glad to have an ally in this hostile place , and recognizing in billy the same strong respect for the law and the desire to see it upheld that ridge himself felt .
the world really was not such a bad place .
on his way there , he had stopped in a small saloon to pick up a pint of the best whiskey the place had to offer , and he now had that hidden away in his shirt pocket under his jacket .
` ` everybody in the place was talking about your shoot - out today , '' mabel told ridge .
there 's so many folks in this town dead set on stopping a good man from doing what 's right , that it seems like there 's just got ta be something bad wrong with the way this whole place is set up .
in any case , there was a general migration to more sensible places right after christmas .
but often those local conversations turned to vacation plans and places they had visited that were warmer and or more highly populated .
there were other wars in other places and the french were drawn there .
but it is a nice place , well worth visiting .
my undergraduates still thought the u.s . was a pretty awful place , and i was incredibly prejudiced , but they at least became a little more accurate in the names and dates of events they chose to hate .
in a sense , it was very sad , the place i d grown up , disappearing , yet this new land called california seemed large , welcoming and mysterious from what i could gather .
he was a salesman formerly from of all places , new york city across the country .
i had seen visions of a place where the land was made of gold and yet it was more of the sameonly worse !
i learned that the gold mining had been in mountains called the san gabriels and a place called prospectors bar .
the place was more active then one could imagine and a bargirl in a pink dress walked arm - in - arm with an old drunk miner , laughing all the way to a small cabin .
was it the same place in 1863 as it had been years earlier when my folks left with me for this golden state ?
whiskey and cards always lead to some calamities and this place was rife with em .
was nt much of a place and his dad seemed an honest chap .
little did i know of the whipping his pa gave him , the lashes on his back for having gone out instead of doing chores at this place .
there was poison oak all over the place and also this plant that stings ya , hurts something bad called a nettle .
south america , but the place is full of dictators , one worse than the next .
i know you think america is a great and shiny place but it has many problems .
the place was abuzz with rumors .
i do nt know much about the place as we never mixed with the locals .
in many places the structure of local government stayed the same , providing some stability in these hard times .
it was a dangerous place , full of iron - fisted pirates and warlords .
the jungle was an evil place , full of danger , both human and non - human .
a place that had grown more hostile .
i ca nt think kindly of that place .
after aw its took this yin aw this time tae get here whit wey there being crowds of folk aw trying tae get away and ambulances jamming up the place right , the lad said .
between him and the weans runnin wild the place will be in an uproar .
its the vogue you re to take him to and not that flea - pit of a place you went to last time .
well , if i ' m not mistaken , that one begins , ' general , i bid you a hearty and cordial welcome to the town of bergen , a place through which you traveled during our revolutionary struggles for liberty and independence .
any chance the minister will let you go down to kaskaskia and look the place over ?
as adults they liked green bay , but it was a different place than where they had spent their childhood .
what kind of people took a vacation in a place like this ?
i never liked that place .
first we needed to get the mud out of the place .
but there was always a bunch of places that did little and were happy with it .
i was not sure those places would ever function again .
i explained what was happening at murphy manufacturing and what i knew about the other places , the ones we had come to label the ` ` 25 % '' .
` ` your call on how to handle this , but this place has the smell of lna all over it . ''
what 's fiction , what 's fact kaskaskia is a real place .
natchitos and taima stood together , observing all that had taken place .
st . denis smiled and knew that the beginning of something wonderful was taking place .
just the thought of this place made her shiver .
second , all he 'd have to do to make himself welcome in a hundred places across the borderline is to tell folks he 'd done away with any relative of judge thomas younger .
unlike many other parts of kansas , lawrence was an abolitionist stronghold , and few southern sympathizers dared even visit the place for very long , let alone settle there .
` ` except for the saloons , the whole place shuts down at dusk .
i got me a hankering to see some of those places , jason . ''
` ` i just feel more comfortable in places that are still the way god made them , '' tyson tried to explain .
` ` i am opposed to such excesses as strongly as you , '' robinson said , ` ` but i can understand why they are taking place .
` ` well , atchison 's men took over the place without hardly firing a shot , '' cole informed him , ` ` and after they had things under control , they started rounding up all the abolitionists , like charles robinson and your brother .
how could he make them realize that because of what had taken place , none of them would ever be safe again until john brown was dead ?
it was a funny thing about cole , mollie thought , as she listened to him rambling for most of the ride back about the things he would like to do and the places he would some day like to see .
once in a while a man came in from his guard post on the hillside and another went out to take his place , but mollie paid them little attention , knowing that a man like septin would religiously avoid any chore as dangerous as guard duty around this place was likely to be .
the place was a madhouse .
the place might have been quieter , but it was not much quieter .
none of us like this place , ben .
i had an itch to visit some places i might not ever get a chance to see otherwise .
he was not certain that she would still be at her parents farm , which was not quite five miles from the lees place .
at first she found herself transported to a distant land , a strange place where all spoke the german of her grandparents and parents .
some places had lessons they would send to people in jail .
he was just pushing forty now so , with a bit of luck and if he pulled back on the aggression , he would be out of here by the time he was about fifty and still have plenty of time to go off and see these places .
from there the word would soon get around the rest of the place .
cathy thought this was the most beautiful place she had ever been , a country town in a green valley ringed by towering mountains .
it was all too hard ; she wanted to walk away from this place full of awful people .
and in the bigger places such as liverpool he had witnessed desperate young women , sometimes with a brace of starving children huddling in the cold outside , anxiously plying their trade among drunken sailors in rough taverns .
they do nt like us type in places like this .
maybe there is an opportunity for us to , shall we say , export our talents to such places , and enrich the lives of the brave colonists ?
margaret was just saying that working around this place is certainly not boring continued her working partner .
my god , said marlowe , tears of mirth streaming down his cheeks as the papers spilled at his feet , you must clean this place up , thomas .
i do nt mean the size of your turnip , you idiot , barked polly , looking around the room , i mean this place .
but our concept of an exotic port - of - call is thrilling places such as taunton , sheffield , and , dare i say it , norwich .
my family has lived forever in ireland in a place called wexford .
boston must be a very religious place , too .
boston is a busy place , indeed .
i m fascinated with boston because its such a busy place ; there is so much character with all the crooked little streets and all the clapboard houses of different sizes and shapes with small leaded windows .
i would say you re correct about that , but i think boston is a much nicer place than london , mister dalton says .
the baltic sea is a large place , he answers with a chuckle .
well , not so long ago , port royal was one of the most dangerous places in the entire world .
not in port royal because jamaica is now under the control of england , but there are some extremely seedy places , and very bad people frequent the area , so yes , pirates still lurk about .
were going to take a ride around the place and well be back shortly for you to take care of my horse and carriage .
rome was a sad place , a scatter of huts and homesteads on the hills , and marshland below .
it felt as if she 'd become someone else ; she did n't recognise herself in her new name , she found herself as ill - fitting in this place as her name was odd in a latin mouth .
look , the place has changed already , you know it has .
it would have been easier to take the water directly from the sea , as they did in other places ; but manius ' objections were reasonable .
the kind of place that has n't changed in generations ; straggling hilltop streets of pale yellow stone , with pigs rootling behind the houses , and naked children playing in the dust .
` ` gods of the place ? ''
but thessaly is a very different place ... this is a sweet place , this italy of yours , sweet and gentle .
but thessaly is a very different place ... this is a sweet place , this italy of yours , sweet and gentle .
the place stank , a mixture of woodsmoke , cooking smells and shit ; but as their path climbed , they left it behind , for the scent of pine and gorse and bracken and the heath herbs , and tanaquil could let the little bitch run free again .
she wanted to say more ; wanted to excuse herself , to justify herself , to explain why she 'd left tarchna in the first place , to talk about the visions she had sometimes in the swimming golden light of sunset or the hot swirling of a fire .
would he have forgotten the pattern of the streets , would he be surprised by some view he could n't remember in the middle of an otherwise familiar scene , would the whole flavour of the place seem different or changed ? )
` ` he only likes them because they 're the one thing in the place that 's as fat as he is , '' tullia said ; she had lowered her voice , but thresu still heard , or heard at least part of what she 'd said .
` ` rome is a harsh place , and new .
she said that she was from nubia , a place far to the south that nobody here had ever heard of .
this place had been the center of his life , ever since leaving the small , dull town of os at sixteen .
any news is welcome , especially regarding my home - town of york ; a place i miss almost as painfully as i miss you .
oslo was a better place without that nasty wizard , everybody agreed .
i got so i was the boss around the place .
yere one of them suth - ren butternut rebels come to stink up tha place .
however , in this book i have tried wherever possible to use real place names as well as the names of the real historical characters who existed at the time .
meanwhile , to satisfy those who like to see the use of historical names in fiction and so that you can identify what these places are called today , here is a glossary of the main names : bernicia anglo - saxon kingdom in northumbria calcaria tadcaster ' the villa'/'the village ' holme - on - spalding - moor catraeth catterick deira anglo - saxon kingdom north of the humber elmet welsh / british kingdom around the modern day city of leeds eboracum and eoforwic york godnundingham site of deiran royal palace .
looking back it seems funny to me - now that i have been to the great cities of eoforwic , ceaster and lunden - that wicstun seemed such a huge place .
then they died and their empire is gone and these places are all that are left .
you were fools to come here hoping to attack this place and rescue your people .
aedann might not know , but i had a pretty shrewd idea of the name of the place .
if this was a society ball , every woman in the place would be showing a good deal more of her skin than i am .
i have been gone so long , i scarcely know this place , he thought as he opened the gate of his new picket fence .
i only hope that the rancor and misunderstandings of the past have been burnt out of this place .
it was thought wise for her safety to send for her to come to nauvoo , and as lyman o. littlefield was going to that place on some business , daniels made arrangements for her to return with him .
sarah davenport smiled and said , england is a very formal and genteel place .
joseph rose from his knees with a sigh and said to porter , i despise this place .
its not a particularly hard occupation ; nauvoo is such a peaceful , orderly place , our chief difficulties come from outside the city , not from within .
do nt be afraid that she s black , she s older than this place , older than that church , she gestured with her hands towards the chiesa di st . pier celestino , she is the light in the dark , the grandmother of us all and almost as old as me .
she said quite clearly to me that she chose this place specifically and decided to come here as opposed to spending a year in london .
aye , but i can not stomach these places or their inhabitants .
there was a warmth to it , not yet extinguished by this place .
no offence sir but you and your men have enjoyed every whore in the place , time over .
the place stank of ale and sin and was full of men enjoying both .
despite his distaste at the place he could feel de floyrans lust getting under his own skin .
some , with their banging about the place , but i suppose not much considering what they might have done .
but i never thought the soldiers would go to a little place like monkton , and if they did i thought he d keep all safe .
they ve been stealing carts all over the place .
but as soon as it had taken place , and mr dashwood had brought me to his home , how different it was .
this place reeks of it .
there sure was plenty of bad stuff going on at that place , but after a few hours with my boys , he was willing to tell us everything .
its simply amazing , is nt it , how a place like this and a father like his managed to produce so fine a man as robert bolsover .
the place whose ruler loves the king so much that in return he surrendered the norman castle his father captured seven years ago and sent him a contingent of archers to fight for him in the rebellion .
i know places .
besides , there s precious little to do in this place , lady eleanor .
this place rambles quite a bit , my lord , de vire said cheerfully .
its bad enough to be married to lord william in wales but i could nt bear to be married to him in some foreign place .
she could almost wish to live forever in a place like llanlleyn ; perhaps , then , richards long absences would be easier to bear very well , she told goewyn .
hell never want to come back to this mud - spattered place .
there was a lot of bloodthere is blood all over the place .
the earls men were kept in here , you see , but when they d gone and i knew you were on your way , i had the place scrubbed out and sir richard brought up .
america must be a fine place indeed , liam said .
she out here miss stella , getting her pretty hands dirtyand servants all round the place .
this town was not a place where he felt free .
hearings from travelers say those ships are dirty places indeed .
he wondered if he would make it out of this place alive .
it d be the least we could do , for you taking care of the place .
you are nothing but a slave to the darkness of this place .
so , i kick around the place , run into our old buddy cynthia , you remember her .
she felt like she should have some protection if it did turn out there were horrible monsters and demons running around the place .
but what if there really were demons running around the place , or werewolves for that matter ?
he had wanted nothing more than to run the hell out of this place and maybe that was the smartest thing to do .
i swear indigos place has its own weather system .
stank the whole place out .
she hoped her dismissal would nt spoil her feelings about this place .
distracted by the place she loved , she barely noticed his frigid temperature .
this place has too many memories .
all of a sudden i had to pack up right before my junior year of high school and move to a place i ' ve never even heard of .
if he had n't actually been at the festival last night , he would n't have believed there were rides and booths and light posts all over the place just a few hours earlier .
luke remembered that place .
he 'd started working for the company when he was twenty five years old , and they 'd told him to stick with it , keep up the good work , and he would go places .
power went out in a lot of places around the country , mainly due to various everyday reasons .
some places around the world suffered much less than the rest of us .
this place is n't too bad .
about this place though , it has some real good features about it .
there are also some things that kinda worry me about this place though .
9 for the past two weeks that i ' ve been here , i ' ve had these nagging feelings that something about this place is wrong .
if the devil were real , he would love this place .
this place is cursed .
do n't thinkfo a second you ever gettin ' outta dis place .
should ve known better than to stay here , in a place i so hated .
this world is a hard place to live in and there s a lot more to it than money , son .
we need to get in at least a few hours sleep before we have to come clean up the place .
the town was a dusty old place where the people all wore dirty overalls .
you have to be making enough to afford better than this place .
i m going to get me a cup of this coffee that has you so devoted to this place .
roanoke island : zz old virginia - z place - 3.5 site of an early colony to america .
places costa rica a country in central america .
snohomish valley : z place - 3.0 - zz catch hell in washington state .
it was nt long before the real soul of the place showed its opaque , unfriendly face and the constant view out his window became grey and depressing , full of that inner city grime that was so pervasive of congestive downtown living .
stuff that predates this place , for all i know .
this place is disgusting , mark said , neatly changing the subject .
there s something very wrong with this place .
tell me , you beautiful woman , what is the appeal of this place for you ?
come on , natassia , you have no desire to email or create some asinine profile of yourself on facebook , which would leave you open to peer criticism , which by the way was one of the main reasons you left your position in new york in the first place .
how terrible , dark and depressing this place is , mark thought .
no wonder he rules the place , with a name like that .
this place , its so damnits fucked .
you got to understand how this place haunted me .
i do nt think we ve come close to understanding even a fraction of how weird this place arranges itself .
he never failed to remind them that cathode ray tubes were the reason the original warehouse had burned down in the first place .
i ve always said this place has that affect on people .
a place called boxworth electronics , as paul recalled .
dead policemen were all over the place , spiders covering them with webs .
tonight , of course , the place was tumbleweeds .
nor could the traditional fear of gugs for ghouls be depended upon in that peculiar place where the advantages lay so heavily with the gugs .
and evening fell , and little bronze lamps were lighted , and the sailors in that tavern sang songs of remote places .
and the place goes nuts .
we see that it is a very small place , with a population of 1500 people , at most .
since that last night james life had been turned upside down again , and he had actually needed the help the place offered the doctors and the meds .
he nervously fiddled with the few stray hairs he had missed on his shaving attempt that morning in spite of his being sure there was nothing to worry about in this place .
there was a crazy axe murderer in this place .
john walker hill called it the bee hive , a busy little place where workers scurried , slaved and died while the ruling class grew fat and complacent .
everything that comes out of you at that point would go on record as part of the resisting arrest charge he would tack on to the reason he invented for arresting me in the first place .
i ve been wondering too , with this place like a museum , where s the curator ?
buda - pesth seems a wonderful place , from the glimpse which i got of it from the train and the little i could walk through the streets .
it was on the dark side of twilight when we got to bistritz , which is a very interesting old place .
whether it is the old lady 's fear , or the many ghostly traditions of this place , or the crucifix itself , i do not know , but i am not feeling nearly as easy in my mind as usual .
if i be sane , then surely it is maddening to think that of all the foul things that lurk in this hateful place the countess is the least dreadful to me , that to her alone i can look for safety , even though this be only whilst i can serve her purpose .
this is a lovely place .
' how will it pleasure their relatives to know that lies is wrote over them , and that everybody in the place knows that they be lies ? '
i opened the window and signed to the woman not to notice , so she contented herself after looking the place over and making up her mind as to what kind of place she had got to by saying , ' lor ' bless yer , lady , i would n't mind what was said to me in a bloomin ' madhouse .
for a week after , the children were playing nothing but red riding hood on the heath and in every alley in the place until this ' bloofer bloke ' scare came along , since then it has been quite a gala time with them .
she sneered at me , and her white face looked out of the mist with her red eyes gleaming , and she went on as though she owned the whole place , and i was no one .
' the place smells so vilely , said the latter as we came in .
she became almost speechless for a minute , and then went on , ' do you know what the place is ?
i began to fear that the fatal spell of the place was upon him , tainted as he is with that vampire baptism .
i fear to think of him , off on the wolds near that horrid place .
she is going to miss this place .
the thing that only somewhat resembled the english doctor he d brought to this godforsaken place got to its feet and gazed down at him .
all the places shed rather be performed their annual roll call in her mind as she sat there : in massachusetts , living with her sister ; galveston , texas , where her old high - school friend heidi had moved so long ago ; northern saskatchewan , a place where not a soul would know her .
this place seemed so much smaller when i went to school here , thought horace .
the towns of mapleview and sillmac , along with any of their associated legends , histories or events are completely fictional and have never been inspired by real places or real events .
they all came to the conclusion that the wines from those places were just as good , if not , better .
so why do n't they have old grandmas working at these places ?
as an onlooker or a passerby on vacation , the area is beautiful , serene and a place one only dreams of living .
mother hated the place and avoided it like the plague .
there s plenty to do around this place and one day is nt going to make that much difference .
how easy would it be to return , take the train for new york , and forget the terrors of this place !
the world was a gross enough place without us reverting to childish antics .
something was seriously wrong with this place .
this must be a nightly occurrence , another reason for me to hate this place .
we got the west wall tonight , over on the south wall , zombies are dead all over the place .
i justified it by saying this place was no better than the wasteland the world had become .
the pictures were an attempt to brighten up an otherwise sterile place , but tom did nt believe there was any way to inject happiness into a place people only come to because something terrible had happened .
the once brightly coloured swings and monkey bars were chipped and faded , and the horrible grey of london hung over the place .
seeing these places made him consider his own fortune .
this place is like a fucking poltergeist .
once a van was hitched and driven off , and the , fabulous thing which drew it was such that carter gasped , even after having seen the other monstrosities of that hateful place .
and where thran 's gates open on the river are great wharves of marble , with ornate galleons of fragrant cedar and calamander riding gently at anchor , and strange smooth sailors sitting on casks and bales with the hieroglyphs of far places .
it seemed that she could no more find content in those places , but had formed a mighty longing for the english cliffs and downlands of her boyhood ; where in little dreaming villages england 's old songs hover at evening behind lattice windows , and where grey church towers peep lovely through the verdure of distant valleys .
well , some places in europe insist that you turn in your passport when you register .
although the area around the eiffel tower is popular , the place is surprisingly quiet .
well , maybe it was nt your apartment but it was still a place you went to a lot .
this neighborhood , at the time of which i am speaking , was one of those highly favored places which abound with chronicle and great men .
i just mean its a pretty boring place , he said .
this place gave him the creeps .
also i m not particularly fond of the place .
even as a child she had a bad feeling about this place .
i d like to go somewhere like that , emma says as she takes a mental note of the places mentioned .
this is a pretty nice place .
here we goother than the darknessthis place is nt so bad is it ?
otherwise they d pick up beings all over the place .
we saw tilbury fort and remembered the spanish armada , gravesend , woolwich , and greenwich -- places which i had heard of even in my country .
her countenance expressed sympathy and compassion ; she drew a chair close to mine and addressed me in french , ' i fear that this place is very shocking to you ; can i do anything to make you more comfortable ? '
the police would be here soon and she needed to get far away from this place .
yeah , or maybe pennies just found the only good stuff in the whole stinkin place .
this place might be crawling with them .
if the keepers had any knowledge of this place , do nt you think they would ve told me ?
they ' ve come to clean the place out .
a place like here is always clean , said satchel bag .
i cast a long look at the place , wondering how a it managed to exist in the developed world .
` ` i 'd have to tear the place apart !
that ghost 's all over the place . ''
like i said , he was pretty deep in the closet so i doubt he would have taken a chance on seeing anyone in a place as small as dutch harbor .
there 's police all over the place .
` ` this place is a real dump , '' he said , agreeing with the geek .
some place really cold , like minneapolis - st . paul .
tired as he was , it was probably better than having the old guy cruising the streets at twelve kilometres an hour , with ride checks all over the place these days .
let world leaders fuck the place up in their own inimitable way .
locally , people were kissing royal schnells ass all over the place , yet one lady raised objections to six wind turbines ; citing , noise concerns !
on your way home , when you got to within about twenty kilometres of town , the aroma came back , and you recognized the smell of the place .
how bad are all them other places ?
two and a half years in this place , moaned schwartzie .
they came upon a strange surface , one never known in the old place .
you got a couple of young guys down here , they re talking up a storm with the civilians , who are all over the fuckin place , he was advised .
my dispatcher just ran out of the place .
we ve got gunshots all over the place , sirens , most of them seem stationary .
there s big lizards all over the place .
people seemed to move there in ever growing numbers , making the place even more despicable .
just in arrest records you learn a lot about a place .
i know its natural for miami but it just seems unnatural when you compare it to a place like this .
ben loved america to be sure , but he loved vermont most of all and sometimes , just sitting on the side of the road , he felt lucky to know this place and know these people .
every place has its own beauty - although none as beautiful as vermont of course - and none of it deserves to be spoiled by stupid development like ben had seen and heard about in other places .
these places would stand empty and eventually looters and squatters would come in and leave the places even more ugly than they were when they were new .
gil told ben that when he was working as a roofer in sacramento , california - it was such a long way away to fix roofsgil always went such a long way to do such unimportant thingsnot to say that roofing was unimportant , it just seemed to ben that he could have stayed in stansbury to fix roofs or do any of the other hundred or so jobs he had done in other places before he lost his arm and had to come home - that these developers just kept on building long after the market demanded their buildings .
the people of stansbury did not want to acknowledge that there was nothing natural about the black luck that lingered in the heart of the place like an incurable slow moving cancer .
ben looked around at all the green , all the life of this place , all the beauty of this place and once again hoped that when he walked down the little embankment that led to the lake , the green - or the orange or the yellow or the blue or the whiteso many beautiful colors in this place as the seasons went round - would nt be spoiled by that damned red .
anyway , gil spent some time in arizona and he said it was like living on the surface of the sun and that he could nt imagine anyone wanting to live in a place that did nt want you to live .
here was the sun , this life giving star we ve got making us all warm and gil said the sun was stealing his life from him to give to someone else and gil thought that perhaps he was just supposed to give up his life so that plants and people in places that were nt in arizona could thrive .
all these other places have floods and fires and earthquakes and tornados and hurricanes and blizzards .
she thought that a guy like gil who had been to so many other places , big places like new york and los angeles and europe , would see that every place had its share of bad things .
she thought that a guy like gil who had been to so many other places , big places like new york and los angeles and europe , would see that every place had its share of bad things .
she thought that a guy like gil who had been to so many other places , big places like new york and los angeles and europe , would see that every place had its share of bad things .
he would stick with stumps making the world a better place instead of a blighter place .
he was building new roads through places that people in stansbury never even heard of .
doug margoles who worked for years and saved for more to move his wife up to vermont and away from the more dangerous parts of the country , up to vermont that they both dreamed about for years and had never stopped dreaming about as being something of a paradise for them , where the seasons announced their changes with aplomb and the world seemed like it was made for people to adapt to live in as opposed a place that people adapted .
if it was a place like costa rica , which seemed a nice place to drive around and see sights , she would put a green tack on it as someplace she might bring up with rick someday .
if it was ice climbing in banff , which henry could never seem to pronounce properly even though he had been there , that seemed like an activity in a place that was awfully cold and uncomfortable and not much fun unless you liked being awfully cold and uncomfortable , she would give it a red tack as somewhere in the world she did not have any desire to visit .
was he there to warn off folks who upon seeing this seemingly ideal small vermont town might think that it is a good place to call home and be sucked into the grip of this horrible cursed place ?
this is not a good place and you do nt belong here .
he enjoyed the music , especially the contemporary songs , but at this point and in this place it would ve taken a miracle to get him to be like the others .
this place has got more fake than hollywood sometimes , he said .
to be honest , i guess i thought that i could study for a degree in a place that was nt that different from what i knew growing up , ewen said .
jesus h. christ , mitch , look at this place , will you ?
get off your dead ass and give me a hand cleaning this place up .
the place was like a black hole , constantly drawing him back in .
` ` it 's like the sahara compared to this place . ''
` ` i like this place , '' i said , hoping that paul was listening .
` ` thanks for listening to me drone on about this place . ''
` ` this place is boring , '' she said .
they loved in the water , then stretched out on the soft mantle of the magic grass of that place .
you have also understood him , that foreigners originate from the same your remote place .
sabrina escaped thick from boscocitt , it seemed it hated the serenity and the peace of that place .
its particular vision can be seen by someone as suggestion , but , later almost ten years in this place it is presumable that the suggestion has well little space in the normal daily .
` ` all that a man can need in three years in a place like this , as you called it , is in here . ''
how much for this place ?
in some places leaking flesh was indistinguishable from clothing .
even so , he did not like the place a damn bit .
i swear to god , claire , this place is going to be the death of me .
that place sucks .
they were setting up deals between the united states and places like scotland , greece , romania , and all sorts of other places .
they were setting up deals between the united states and places like scotland , greece , romania , and all sorts of other places .
despite how hard she tried to forget this place , widowsfield was burned into her memory , and every street looked exactly as it did the night her father and she had fled .
this place is fucked , said rachel .
if you ever get out of this place alive , give me a ring .
this place is trying to put us in order , said alma .
this place just keeps getting better and better , said rachel .
do you think they re turning this place into an amusement park ?
this place is trying to manipulate us .
that place screws with your head .
` ` they convince you that going with them to some place that you ' ve never been to before is the most important thing that you could possibly do .
with very few exceptions , the osborne village in winnipeg had to be one of the more interesting places that stone had ever been to .
i d heard this place was rotten with magic , said arica , shaking her head , but i never quite believed it .
i ve never understood how someone like you could have come from this place , from these people .
i agree with you about tabor , to hell with that place , but why not go to summerset , where i m from ?
y - yes .. abigail replied meekly , still quite shocked at what was taking place .
this place looks like shit !
come on brother its me , clayton bane , i got more beds in this place than a nevada whorehouse .
how about now , any names or places come to mind , perhaps mallorca 1994 ?
what did you get dumped in this place for ?
we get out of this place , take a ship , we could have a good life ahead of us .
nobody has ever escaped this place .
lets say we die , its a chance , but do you really want to spend the rest of your life in this place ?
my mother and i lived in one clapboard shack after another until i was five years old and there s not really much i remember about the essentially different but , nonetheless , same places .
i have no idea what my mother thought of the place ; i do nt know what my mother thought about at all .
maybe its exaggeration ( after all my grandmother had not been professionally tended and of course there is no denying the natural processes which were taking place in her room ) , but it was a very effective one .
even ifn i hafta kill everbody else in this muthafuckin place , its a done deal .
sin city , a place that spoke of negatives even in the acronym of its name .
the place got a lot quieter then , taking on a more ominous pall .
s a fucking dirty place , aldo .
working class , the kind of place where couples both had full - time jobs .
she just said it was a bad place , and that it would teach us bad stuff , said madeleine .
hell , said avery , i m glad to get out of this place .
i do nt know how i m going to last another three weeks in this place .
and i certainly lacked the money ; only my scholarship had allowed me to attend classes in the first place ; only my grants had allowed me a tiny room in residence and the two meals a day that left me constantly hungry by nightfall .
some streets had checkpoints going into the city , and sandbagged checkpoints with gun mounts were being set up all over the place .
from what josh could see everything looked normal , if that word could be used in such a place as he was in now .
from what i can gather people try to take everything they ve learned when they were alive and apply it to this place , but its not so simple .
driton said it as though he wanted to go as well , do nt you want to leave this place ?
not whether he was ready to go to heaven , but whether he was really ready to finally leave this place behind .
she never talked about the work her group did , only the wonderful places she had seen .
` ` you 're the one with a clones running about the place , looking like your son !
it takes him from his disastrous life in a london suburb to a place he 's never heard of or even seen on a map .
they should burn the place down themselves .
few people from lock core had ever visited such places .
no way , i mean , look at the place .
come on ; let me take you on a little tour of the place .
her main reason was the hotel itself , she was scared of the place .
for a place full of dead people , the grand was a swinging place at night .
the only reason that he took the job at the hotel in the first place was the fact that he needed the money .
` ` things are very messed up in this place .
there are landmines all over the place . ''
he got into some shady shit there , not fiendish , but i got the sense he was dipping a toe in to see how the water was , and i was starting to suspect the reason he got transferred to me in the first place was because he was an asshole .
god , whoever or whatever you are in this place , please let her be safe .
the police are all over the place out there .
its not like the infection has nt spread all over the goddamn place anyway .
following her lead , he threw the waste into the corner , thinking that it did nt make the place look any worse .
blowing the place to hell .
i thought they were blowing the place up ?
this place is supposed to be crawling with spooks , kyle said , trying to make his voice sound ominous .
i chose steeds from different places and in far reaching areas , so that their disappearances would not be suspicious .
you know how those places are , and anyway there s not enough to keep up with the demand .
just cause i m living in this place does nt mean i m no longer capable of being man .
this place is turning into zombie central .
i wondered if the people out there even knew about the safe cites around the u.s . maybe the government should have a rescue mission to help those who are still stuck out here in this disease - ridden place .
all that keeps me going in this miserable existence is playing ball and the thought of getting out of this rotten place .
i however , am not a liberal and think this place is a carnival of horrors .
bloody place .
god , he was sick of the scenery , and the tediously slow place ; and he was sick of the dull , sedate lives of the inhabitants .
it would also explain why new information was nt seeping in , like all the reasons brine had given for not wearing a banana - tinted outfit or , better yet , not going to the harriun in the first place .
the land had once been a wild and windy place , and now it was not , simple as that .
instead , he found the place as dead as the hill in the midst of high winter , nothing flying through the air , nothing scurrying up the tongues .
if mums is correct , and i believe that she is , how long do you have before the place you love becomes something else ?
but ifn yeh talk to them fellers what comes out , they ll tell yeh the place is as black as a badgers insides .
as the soles of his feet had been telling him all morning long , the floor of the bottoms was as smooth and rolling as the mud plains in the gabatween , only without the flora and the stumps and the random pools of water , and of course the gabatween did nt look like some diseased ugling had blown its nose on the place .
by brines way of thinking , there was nothing that screamed , i hate this place and i want to escape , like a long - faced traveler slumped in the sand and frowning at his sandals .
did you not look at the place when you came in ?
i told you already , he said , my father used to march through this place all the time and he never saw one shred of proof the boggen existed .
it bothered him that he did nt know what the lathains were dealing with , but in a place like this , a place untouched by exploration or trade , the unknown was part of life .
it bothered him that he did nt know what the lathains were dealing with , but in a place like this , a place untouched by exploration or trade , the unknown was part of life .
if i could afford it , i 'd quit this place in a heartbeat .
this place eats people , good , hard working stiffs like us .
i hate this place with everything i got in me .
frankie stood meekly beside her , her purse still slung over her shoulder in the vain hope she could sneak home when the national guard was called in to properly contain the place .
they feed them too well in this place .
first off all , do not use that language in this place .
i ve never heard of those places .
for a tourist town this was not the friendliest place on earth .
we went places and we were around each other but we were never together again .
if kathy had been brought here , she was brought in some way that did not disturb the dust and cobwebs of this old place .
like us , most places have drifts so tall they ca nt even get the ploughs on the road .
she should be going places , meeting people .
rita had tried to talk him out of it but he told her she did not understand what it was to grow up in a place where everyone put him down and refused to give him a chance .
he thought of a place he had rowed out to about a week ago .
it reminded her of what a hick , hillbilly little armpit this place was .
it was a weird place , man tanner thought about how to describe the place .
it was a weird place , man tanner thought about how to describe the place .
this place was like that .
back when he d decided to come to san francisco , in the first place .
hamish , my love , lets depart this dreadful place .
wait a second , one of the old guys upstairs , you know , the one emptying trashhe said he d worked here for a million years , knew everything there was to know about this place .
they were a rough place then .
she looked up at the old place and shuddered .
great lakes packaging is a bigger place , max said .
if the place is so busy , why a merger ?
he disliked this place , and he could nt hide his lack of enthusiasm as he watched the crew perform one repetitious task after another .
so was this place .
those old hens have been upstairs all these years , brenda said , but they do nt run the place .
however , modern days had left everyone less fortunate , even the remaining victorian touches could nt help such a dark place .
this place really did nt have anything to offer us anyway .
what i d like to know , before i tell you anything , young lady , is why you were in their company in the first place ?
she was eighteen years old and yet she had never been anywhere near one of these places .
and truthfully , she did nt want to come back to this place for anything .
and no , i did nt have anything to do with the magic of this place .
there s a whole bunch of really nasty stories about that place .
she was halfway through her new song , broken - hearted bride , and there was nt a dry eye in the place .
like most old new england towns , like most places on the planet , grim island had a face far different from the one it showed at present .
just give me a few days more to pull this place together properly . ''
` ` good lord this place only gets worse ! ''
as i have remarked in the past the place is far less cheerful since the death of the mistress of the house , but i should think after so long we have put in a fitting period of mourning .
that seems to be the place that is particularly theirs .
what a terrible place this would be if the winters lasted from november to march .
perhaps the sadness that pervades this place has finally collapsed in upon itself .
` ` this place is weeping for her , '' maye said softly .
i ve heard this place , pizzicotto , is good .
the stranger boasted many a villainous act but he became most lively when he talked of an evil conquest that took place that very evening .
i guess i do nt have to remind you guys that this place has the most unpredictable weather on the planet .
when i came for young williams here , i was taken with the place .
come to think of it -- this place is quite balmy by comparison .
he felt no fear for what was taking place , only a sense of wonder .
it seemed an eternity for the old man to shake off the shock of what was taking place .
still , flo and aiden had no criminal priors , and thanks to vincent and a few wise guy connections , the tylers had secured excellent jobs working for of all places , a casino .
suddenly , boondocks was nt a place built so much on absolutes as it was upon misplaced assertions .
as of now , he never wanted to see that place again .
society is a rigid place , filled with rules of conduct , dr . fabrini said as if reading my thoughts , those rules can be overbearing and , for some , overwhelming , valrie .
well , i d been in connecticut for many years , surrounded on all sides by english - sounding place names , but ludlow had never been mentioned .
but i do nt like this place .
you could assuage their fears if you simply told us the truth , and we could let you out of this awful place .
even if you got me captured in the first place , the thing you did for me is beyond generous .
and she liked the how she was the only true blonde in the place .
oh come on angelica , no one knows about this place and you know that .
she would joke with the bus driver freddie as she hopped off the bus with the other good natured ( real ) crazies , telling him , do nt worry about picking us up , were all bustin out of that place , and then make a playful gesture of shooting guns with her hands .
she knew she could never come back to the place where she had experienced so many blackened nightmares of blood and horror .
if you know this place so well , why did you need a gps ?
it had televisions in each corner and water stations all over the place .
there was a bar downtown she had nt tried , a little more upscale than most of the places shed been .
well , we ve lived in worse places in our time , have nt we ?
to a vampire , such a place was almost irresistible , and indeed , terrill had spent most of his existence in this very city .
i would curse myself for not asking a very simple question , why on earth would such a small and remote place have its very own hospital ?
there are dead things and dead people all over the place .
but grandpa took him places .
we could hear them all over the place .
there s shufflers all over the place .
tom thought it likely he was slumped in a trance at jamilas and the sounds , as well as this whole place were manufactured by his unconscious mind , even the bruises .
this place was changing , had changed .
that s what he liked about this place .
she was part of what inspired him to try snorting the zoom in the first place .
why do nt we air the place out ?
tom realized this place was depleting them .
this place needs a lot of help .
all the weird beauties of a place that was dying ; baudelaire 's flowers of evil blooming secretly in the unseen corners .
i was like an exile looking for the first time in years at the city of his youth- a place familiar and yet half forgotten .
lj turned and said , i ve seen some old bitch hanging around the place .
she s always got a bunch of crows flying around the place .
i think i could learn to like this place a lot !
the damn place will go to the wall with this clown in charge . '
i was nt sure , though , if i could so easily adjust to the simple life after living in new york city , but once we got there , i loved the place .
soon , the whole goddamn place would know her son was back .
ideally , micah wanted elliott far away from bowridge with neither knowledge nor memories of the place to tarnish her innocent outlook on life .
i mean , i ve heard that she did nt really like this place .
i guess they never heard of froot loops in this place .
there have been books written about that place .
this place dates back to the early eighteen hundreds , way before the civil war .
this place is so big !
once again , inevitably , it resorted back to its former enigmatic self , a thing best talked about and scorned if the distance were great , but never on the nights , when alone , some soul would travel the length of barbwire fence lining highway 27 , and suddenly remember every word spoken about the place from their infancy ; and , with the witching moon high over the land , have very little trouble believing every one .
that had ended up taking her to texas of all places , that stoking furnace of cowboys , money and oil , and by early winter , playing her cards right , shed had a place of her own .
she was feeling better now , but she really , really , wanted to be the hell away from this place .
her grandmother had had it in almost every room of her house and it d always made the place seem like a police station , or maybe a hospital .
he d left the goddamn group home with the full expectation and even the intention of returning whenever the joke was finally revealed but he d never seen the place again .
it had been a wonder to him , really , those places .
this fucking place had taken his wife and it , it had no goddamn right to continue plaguing him !
this place was a mere set , a sham .
hell was fixing to rise right out of the heart of this place and he was going to be riding the helm .
she had to remind herself she was not all that far removed from places like this anyway .
this place toyed with its captives like a young cat with a crippled mouse .
this place is evil , and even as she said it patsy knew she was not referring to the cataclysm on the other side of the mirror .
the place had gone bad .
if his feelings were right on this place , most people had stopped going to work a while back .
arnold again chanced another prayer of thanks to the god of his childhood , the one he d lost so many years before , and had now , oddly , found in this terrible place .
random tongues again recalled the history of the place ; its wretchedness once more validated , this time on a national stage .
shaking her head she said : i m sorry if its a bit boring and far fetched in places boys but that was the trouble with dear old sir randolph , he did fancy himself as a bit of a writer .
besides , tonight was a night when the grim mood of the place seemed to fit in with the two 's drinking .
we killed that snake to eat and it bled out all over the place .
this place is making me feel cold and afraid again .
i remember the fearfulness of the place .
this place had me spooked .
that was why he had a gas mask on in the first place .
i slam an axe against a rock face all day long but this place , this uncivilized planet at the ass end of the galaxy , is killing me .
i just want to get to the bottom of this place .
to give in to death and let this place finally have its way with me .
` ` that 's good , it 's a nice village though we reached here accidentally but the place is quite nice , you know , '' goku was trying to make a relationship with them very smartly .
` ` yes our town is small but it 's nice , '' we were excepting the same comment from them , who will say that there place is not good , it 's the human tendency to show his things better than other 's .
` ` we asked though we were knowing the whole things of that place .
then well be rid of this place and things will be different .
talent had not been hard to find in places such as mit , stanford and caltech .
anyway , one night this guy in a pickup truck drove through the front door playing creedence on his tape deck and blew up the whole place .
somewhere rebecca stood by the harbor in a place that looked like charleston , south carolina , but was not .
do not venture into these places again .
now he knew why the place always gave him the creeps .
she could only think of the place as home , despite the bizarre creatures , eternally moist terrain , and rancid smells .
for example , the place had been dry for a few weeks , we were all getting desperate , even to the point of becoming clear headed .
the world was a shitty place full of shitty people and they all got what they deserved .
this is a nice quiet respectable little town , and we do n't want any scum like you making a mess of the place , so turn around and hoof - it right back where you came from !
that place is too good for you !
to be sure ... fidelma agreed in her rich irish brogue , but tis nothin to do with us , were just the help around the place .
* eve had been out riding again , franco approached her on her way back to the house while nobody was in earshot , mistress he had taken the opportunity to speak candidly to her , ... we should quit this place , we should leave while we still can !
she replied almost tenderly , thank you dear franco , my world will be an emptier place without you , i hope you always remember that ... she flashed a smile that could melt lead , ... and yes i agree with you , we shall leave this place , and , now that the decision is made , the sooner the better .
pitched battles took place between teenage gangs , not just with the usual crowbars but with firearms .
then well drive about the mountains , go to an inn like i wanted to instead of a horrible place like this .
no , they could nt stay in this horrible place .
urban exploration had become a real passion , but it was the darker places which really held his interest .
the two girls simply went back to playing as though nothing significant had taken place .
but , he was nt sure dana would ever leave the place her children perished in .
unlike america and other places where the designated event was just a joyous distraction but not a legal holiday , europe was the opposite .
the country was a very haunted place at that time .
to travel with him meant frequent trips to london and places like czechoslovakia - which later became the czech republic after its split in january of 1993 , and poland which stretched to the edge of the baltic sea .
these were places where their congregations had flourished and grown in huge numbers .
in scotland , just as in places like china and japan , the way of the sword was just as historical and honored .
eventually , she contacted the authorities and assured them that whatever took place , took place long after she and the children departed .
gilchrist was familiar with stories from other places about the types of events he was being introduced to .
he understood that regardless of his expertise as a human weapon , which included skills as a swordsman , ancient battle arts from asia and other places , he needed a power that would place him not just on their level , but one above .
unlike other places , rain in the united kingdom , especially northern ireland , and scotland , did nt always start with a slow drizzle and then progress .
when asked why she preferred to live in such a place like tvod instead of the city , she simply stated that she liked her privacy .
who played in such places except naive kids and drunkard young adults ?
she sat on a horse further down the street and saw what was taking place .
the events confirmed mrs . coors account of what took place the evening she was kidnapped .
hunters from germany , england , new holland , seattle , washington , toronto , canada and other places would converge on the city .
dear god , he thought , what was this place like before its rebirth ?
for a moment he imagined lily exploring the town beside him , her curious nature excited and adventurous in this strange place .
my grandson wayne helped sophia with the party , being he pretty much runs the place .
this place is creepy at night .
within a matter of months , the once bustling haripur turned into a desolate and forsaken place overgrown with creepers and bushes .
i think the old man was telling the truth or at least telling us what he had heard about the place .
bullet holes all over the fucking place .
hell , i wondered then why there were nt mudheads crawling all over the place .
it makes me think of english places that you read about , for there are hedges and walls and gates that lock , and lots of separate little houses for the gardeners and people .
i continued : ` ` do you remember what took place at your house last night ? ''
they were , of course , distinct events in such a place .
it was because the spell of the place had entered his soul too , and he did not like being alone .
` ` shows how lonely this place is .
` ` but i have studied the place for myself , '' continued mr . enfield .
there 's things i think i should be tellin ya ... bout this place mostly .
just outside of philadelphia , a small place called banderman falls , they turned onto northwestern avenue and went down to a parking lot that was part of fairmount park .
its a hell of a place out there .
i hate these places , said famine , they re so dull and ugly .
i still remember bits and pieces about the place i grew up .
i hate coming to these places , llorona said pulling her long white hooded coat around herself , i can never get used to them .
oh this place is nt that bad .
i have my neighbors kid running the place this time .
famine was nt in the mood to be wandering the place alone .
go on , tell us why you even went to a ghost club in the first place .
together , the boy and i will rule this stinking place with an iron fist .
now , all the jobs have moved away to places where people are n't so damned greedy .
the experience of being cooped up in that sterile place was n't as miserable as you might think ; sammy was at my side day and night .
unlike the better - known big sur coastline south of san francisco , this wonderful place was just rugged , beautiful and rarely had any people .
he had good memories of the place , having visited in february , when the weather was at its finest .
he s learned to live with it , but he ca nt have a member of the church sitting in that office , watching this stream of people and their secrets and their burdens progress in and out the doors , and then have them spreading gossip all over the place .
kate says it stinks up the place , and i should keep my dirty habit at home .
i was determined to get out of that god - forsaken place , so by hocking everything we had , including lizs harp which we convinced the local pawn broker had once belonged to mrs . robert e. lee , and by skipping out in the dead of night , we were able to afford two coach tickets for the west coast .
ill keep an eye on this place , you know that .
what took place ?
he fell into the bay and that place does nt smell too great at the best of times .
he described what took place in that car .
i know i m not and i m not a resident of this place .
can you honestly imagine anyone in this place believing us if we told them what happened here this past weekend ?
but we saw and heard and know what took place .
this place is an insult to pigsties everywhere , jeremiah thought as he picked up a kerosene lantern that had been burning just inside the door .
those kids who got to go places on their spring break and the ones who got gifts from their parents , like video game systems and the newest cell phones , they all would suffer .
like i said , i changed because of that place .
` ` i actually hate the place , of course .
there were branches down all over the place .
` ` this place would tear us apart , i ca n't have that , this is for our own good .
` ` you heard the stories about this place ?
was it any better than the place she was in ?
the doctor changed from asking questions to explaining to her how she had come to be in the hospital in the first place and some of the things she should expect in the coming days .
hospitals were second only to airports in the places i avoided whenever i possibly could because they were , in a great twist of irony , places devoid of life .
this place worse even than an orphanage found in the works of dickens .
too many scandals had erupted in recent years involving mysterious deaths in these places .
a lot of zombies all over the place .
jason could nt imagine a place like hawaii being a prison , or at least he could nt then .
you could nt afford one from this place .
bobs place , the towns only gas station .
the news people kept on saying that they should stockpile any canned goods that they could and eat all the perishable goods , they kept saying that there was no way that the government could keep the power going for very much longer , and that in some places the electricity had already gone off .
when he talked about the place he made it sound like a garden of eden , and maybe that was how he thought about it too .
he had been beaten to death by a couple of frat boys after a party because they hated faggoty yankee nancy - boys coming into their town and acting like they owned the place .
how would you like to blow this place up ?
and were gon na blow the place up remember ?
we might have to make a run for it and forget about blowing the place up .
i ve never blown a place up before , sven admitted .
it was time to clean this place up .
he was just some guy who had moved to town and i was nice to him because i always liked to make new people feel welcome in a new place .
thoughts of what had taken place the last time i had stood in the room flashed through my mind .
washington , d.c . was a foreign place to him .
not the places where we stay .
it was n't there to help us , only to do its job then forget it ever flew over this miserable place .
` ` it is a funny place , '' she said , and then began to wonder .
at one time in a place that now seemed far away , bat jackson the wrestler had been big news .
firing all over the place .
and it would be a bonus if he got to visit the magic place .
i do n't want to freak you out any more about this place but something happened to sar .
` ` this place is n't what you think .
it might be nice to visit a place so charmingly out of step with the rest of the world , but it just was nt normal to live in such a parody .
albert durham , the grandson of wesley durham a deputy at the time of mrs . sinclairs arrest , recounts what took place at that time when we interviewed him in front of the corydon capitol building where he shares his stories about this dark chapter in the towns history .
when they got back it was dead and stinking up the place .
josh felt like this was the start of some gay porn that he never wanted to watch in the first place .
` ` i can hardly believe this conversation is taking place , '' he said .
but people go to those places instead of here .
to an artist and many artists visit tangier it must be an enchanting place ; but it would disgust a thrifty farmer or an enterprising trader , and make every hair of an inspection of nuisances stand on end .
if we were alone , i 'd tell bill - e about my fears - that this place is part of the world of magic .
he 'd started life as a mob boss and never lost the job even after death ; in fact , he was one of the reasons that vegas was still an old - fashioned mob town in spite of new blood from ukraine and other places east .
` ` there were guards all over the place , from what i hear , '' dino said , ` ` and any of them would have done it for you .
the sagging lip revealed teeth that looked as if they had been seen to by a good orthodontist not long ago , when the world had been a milder place .
` ` i ' ve heard of that place , '' clay said .
' that place bites the root anyway .
this place will be dead until next year , and you know it . '
i ' ve got friends in both places , and they know of my interest in certain things that do n't seem to be any way rational .
they had been in london six days now , and she could not recall ever having been in a place where the people were kinder or more civilized .
there are a few who suspect the truth - constable neary 's wife joan is one - but the town can be a dark place , and no one knows for sure but them .
` ` this place is supposed to be filled with weirdos , is n't that what marielle said ? ''
` ` as someone who was raised in an urban environment , a place like the great basin is just outside your zone , that 's all .
` ` close as you 'd get in a place as small as fallon , '' the cop said .
the place had a smell that made her wrinkle her nose - damp , mildew , booze .
` ` because i like this place , '' he said with considerable dignity .
billingsley had turned on the pinspots above the screen and those in what once would have been called the orchestra - pit , and johnny had no trouble seeing the place .
and that , he thought , was why he had divorced terry in the first place .
maybe it 's just dark in this place ... but maybe you 're blind .
now he could smell the corpse in the dynamite chest under the stronger fuel - oil aroma of the place , and he wanted to get out of here as soon as possible .
jonesy did n't know if he meant the whole place ( perhaps the guy had n't been listening before ) or just the dreamcatcher , but in either case the answer was the same .
but this place had been clean this morning , only ... henry glanced at his watch and saw that it had stopped at twenty till twelve .
plus i ' m going to say fifty more from up north , seventy or so from st cap 's and those little places down south ... and our guys .
what he needed had to do with a place called derry , and when mr gray went into the big storeroom again , he discovered an amazing thing : his unwilling host had either known that or sensed it , because it was the derry files jonesy had been moving when mr gray had returned and almost caught him .
but this was n't a place you needed a passport to visit .
kurtz could almost see the whole place shudder .
it 's as if the occasional missing kid is the price of living in such a nice , quiet place .
' i ' m telling you to quit stinkin the place up or - ' since there was no satisfactory way in which freddy could complete this threat - for the time being they needed two telepaths , a primary and a backup - kurtz broke in smoothly .
this place is starting to give me the willies .
` ` not just for the people from minneapolis - st . paul , but from other places , as well . ''
but the worst pictures she burned before she left this place . ''
you could hear that sound from anywhere inside big pink , but to get the full effect , you really had to come up on the place from outside .
' if that goddam car 's going to be around long , i ' m getting a thermometer for this place .
they rolled up shed b 's big doors and let the place air out for six hours or so .
they come out of the middle class smelling of hairspray and deodorant and they talk to us about spousal abuse and low self - esteem , but they do n't have a clue about places like lassburg county , which played out once when the coal finished up and then again when big steel went away to japan and china .
if places like rural pennsylvania had flags , you could put that on it .
but it saved its biggest horror show for a time when this place was almost entirely deserted , ned 's father had said .
' still , it saved its biggest horror show for a time when this place was almost completely deserted , ' says the man who quit cigarettes so he could watch his children grow up and bear him grandchildren .
the country way would be closed by now , and i doubted if cynthia garris would be very happy to see my face in the place again soon , anyway .
no flesh ; twenty years in the caustic air of that place would have decayed it , though i doubt the absence of flesh was due to mere decay alone .
it never crossed my mind to re - set from a buick 8 in maine , although maine is the place i know ( and love ) the best .
` ` that place is the worst of all , '' she said .
that was the horror of the place .
you do n't fight this place , it ca n't get at you .
his claim did sound preposterous after what had taken place this week .
` ` ca n't say i 'll miss the old place , '' she said after a few moments .
no wonder this place had been the everest of haunted houses .
adrian might think derry was a great place , but it scared don .
too many places and too many people seem to have the deep - down crazies . ''
rich and his family had moved away from derry in the spring of 1960 , and how fast all of their faces faded , his gang , that pitiful bunch of losers with their little clubhouse in what had been known then as the barrens - funny name for an area as lush with growth as that place had been .
i shelve books ; i make out library cards for new patrons ; i turn off the microfilm readers careless users sometimes leave on ; i joke with carole danner about how much i would like to go to bed with her , and she jokes back about how much she 'd like to go to bed with me , and both of us know that she 's really joking and i ' m really not , just as both of us know that she wo n't stay in a little place like derry for long and i will be here until i die , taping torn pages in business week , sitting down at monthly acquisition meetings with my pipe in one hand and a stack of library journals in the other ... and waking in the middle of the night with my fists jammed against my mouth to keep in the screams .
it is an attempt to pull the camera back a little , if you will - to see the whole city , a place where nearly thirty - five thousand people work and eat and sleep and copulate and shop and drive around and walk and go to school and go to jail and sometimes disappear into the dark .
he had come across the word in the bible , and so far as he could tell , a whore was a woman who came from a place called babylon .
` ` i do n't want you going around that place again , '' he said , ` ` at least not until all this trouble is cleared up and they catch the man who 's doing it ... you did n't see anybody out there , did you ?
` ` dump down one way , streams full of piss an gray water , muck an slop , bugs an brambles , quick - mud ... you got no business at all in a dirty place like this .
nasty place . ''
` ` well , why do n't we clean the place up ? ''
also , you 're stinkin the place up . ''
that voice , which is for me somehow the voice of all voices , the voice of all years , the ultimate voice of this place - one that 's in none of the ives interviews nor in any of the poor histories of this place ... nor on any of ray own tapes .
that voice , which is for me somehow the voice of all voices , the voice of all years , the ultimate voice of this place - one that 's in none of the ives interviews nor in any of the poor histories of this place ... nor on any of ray own tapes .
the sheriff knew and the cops knew , but those places roared all night long , same as they 'd done since the logging days in the 1890s .
the place was burning merry hell in a minute and a half .
that place was like a smelting furnace , it was a hell of flames and smoke , but people came running out in a regular torrent .
you remember that place , mister ?
but the day you can outrun my best will be the day i quit this place and go back to picking corn on the circuit . ''
` ` the blood that came out of the bathroom drain in the old place , when i was eleven . ''
these contradictions saved it from ugliness , and he was not entirely surprised to feel a wave of love for the place .
it 's the only real antique in the place . ''
it 's a place called derry , in maine . ''
audra was the only passenger to deplane , and the others looked at her with a kind of thoughtful curiosity , probably wondering why anyone would choose to get off here , in this godforsaken little place .
the place makes it news as much as what happened in the place , sonny .
it was late march , warm enough for bike - riding , but in those days witcham road turned to dirt just beyond the bowers place , which meant that it was a quagmire of mud - no good for bikes .
because , although the gravity drains and the sewers with the pumps were meant to be separate systems , they actually crisscross all over the place .
kids he knew who were off on vacations at disney land in california or on cape cod or , in the case of one chum , an unimaginably distant - sounding place with the queer but somehow evocative name of gstaad .
the place would fill up with smoke .
` ` this place ... it 's like the funhouse in a carnival , or something .
if you were in a strange neighborhood and wanted to get back to a place you knew , eddie could get you there , making lefts and rights with undiminished confidence until you were reduced simply to following him and hoping that things would turn out right ... which they always seemed to do .
she did n't want to let him go , did n't want to let his face lie on the foul floor of this place .
` ` i think you 'll grow to love this place after a while , but it 's a lot to take in at the start .
` ` now let 's get the hell out of here - this place gives me the creeps . ''
i 'll say i only meant to take a short nap but i was so tired from working around the place that i slept all night . ''
her face was doughy and distant and ill . ` ` this place is turning into grand central , '' paul said .
it was like she was two women , ' phelia and diana , and the part of her that was diana was so much in control when she was driving the back roads that the part that was ' phelia did n't have no idea that her shortcut was taking her through places ... places that ai n't on any map of maine , not even on those survey - squares .
for the first time he found himself wondering if maybe mr . danforth keeton , who had been castle rock 's head selectman since long before alan himself ever heard of the place , had been up to something that was not strictly kosher .
norris thought of telling gaunt that nine o'clock was hardly the middle of the night , and in a sleepy little place like castle rock , protecting the investments of the local business people was rarely much of a chore .
alan had read an article in some doctor 's office about black holes - great celestial empty places that seemed to be whirlpools of anti - matter , voraciously sucking up everything within their reach .
he was still alive when polly got to the hospital in bridgton , her head spinning with let - lag and the old memories seeing all the old places had prodded forth .
he could point out that a really unscrupulous man , if placed in such a position as this , might well have used the grace period to scoop even more money out of the town treasury - as much as he possibly could - and then to run for a place ( some sunny place with lots of palm trees and lots of white beaches and lots of young girls in string bikinis ) from which extradition was difficult or downright impossible .
how often do two women decide to cut each other to pieces over a dog that probably came from the castle county animal shelter in the first place ?
` ` the house on the other side of the jerzyck place is empty - up for sale . ''
` ` dad , that place is crawling with cops !
but you know how it is ; in a place like junction city , where things do n't change much from one year to the next , the openin of a new store is big news .
` ` you stinking the place up , fella .
if a kid is fed up he can earn his keep doing chores around the place .
the name of the place is laughable because most of the castle rock youth head up to the drive - in at jay hill at night or go to the stock - car races at oxford plains .
ones that took the hempstead place for the summer .
` ` scarlet , you have n't seen that place .
i got a season 's pass into this place .
but i ' ve gotten thousands of other items for men doing time here , some of them perfectly legal yet hard to come by in a place where you ' ve supposedly been brought to be punished .
' in a place like this there 's no percentage in it . '
there 's no room to manoeuvre , and one of the first things they teach them when they come to work in a place like this is to never let the cons get you in a place where you ca n't back up .
the people who run this place are stupid , brutal monsters for the most part .
on a couple of occasions he asked andy ' what a smart guy like you is doing in the joint ' - a question which is the rough equivalent of that one that goes ' what 's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this ? '
every sinner in this place would be using me for a crying towel .
' you know , red , ' he said in an offhand voice , ' a place like that ...
some clown shouting , ' i want my lawyer , i want my lawyer , you guys run this place just like a frigging prison . '
never mind the wreck of your whole life , never mind that you got railroaded into this place by a whole trainload of bad luck .
prison is a goddam boring place , and the chance or being surprised by an unscheduled inspection in the middle of the night while he had his poster unstuck probably added some spice to his life during the early years .
and the part of you that knows it was wrong to imprison them in the first place rejoices , but still , the place where you live is that much more drab and empty for their departure .
the place was dark and the bouts were long and the work was drudgery , but the people cared about you .
he 's the only one in the place that can talk to that furnace . ''
so what you ' ve got is my word that the place is shit at four - fifty .
` ` this place is clean , '' magliore said , ` ` and i know it 's clean .
` ` actually it 's for this place , '' he said .
he fetched norris varney , who was constable at the time , and three or four of the hangers - on from crossen 's store - milt 's father was still running the place in those days .
he and hank had muscled bigger loads for larry crockett , both upstairs and down , but there was something about the atmosphere of this place that took the heart out of you and made you no good .
' sure , you know those old places .
' and you oughtta know how things are in places like isalem 's lot or milbridge or guilford or any little pissant burg .
or maybe just tapping into the atmosphere of the place to write a book scary enough to make me a million dollars .
it settles in the way an old friend will settle into your favorite chair and take out his pipe and light it and then fill the afternoon with stories of places he has been and things he has done since last he saw you .
a sudden urge to run from this place , to run straight down the road to town , filled him .
most of the windows in that place looked like loopholes . '
you 're going to go up there and spy the place out , that 's all .
inward - turning emotions were lost under the overwhelming atmosphere of evil that hung over this place .
outside of town they went back up to sixty and perhaps dismissed it with a single thought : christ , what a dead little place .
or it would have been if there were n't cops of every flavor , emergency personnel , and forensics all over the place .
maybe it helped people cope with their losses and figure out how to live in this screwed up place .
if this place is n't hell , what is ' ?
would you think the place was cut off then ? ''
pretty good , considerin the reputation this place has got .
sometimes somethin gives , and not all the guys who ran this place was as good as ullman is at keepin it out of the papers .
danny thought this place reminded her of somewhere else ( the beak - man place ) where she had been happy .
the old man got a bee in his bonnet about the place .
that place is picked clean .
every maid and bellhop in the place is goin around with a headache today , me included . ''
` ` about this place ?
` ` the place in florida is a dump , if the out - and - out truth is to be spoken .
another sign - and they were multiplying all the time- that there was another human being in the place , not just a carbon copy of one of them or a combination of both .
he promised himself he would take care of the place , very good care .
i think this place forms an index of the whole post - world war ii american character .
a place where both she and danny were excluded and the boogie went on endlessly ?
i do n't know just when ... the place began to seem bad for you .
the place is lousy with ghosts anyway , why not a couple more ?
` ` it do n't matter , except that place has got a bad reputation around here .
( that place has got a bad reputation around here . )
this place killed hire .
there 's three or four ounces of mexican brown in the place . ''
but he got me to put on my traveling shoes and was n't it robert frost who said home is a place that when you go there they have to take you in ?
you come out of that nasty place right now and change your schoolclothes !
it had been built in 1889 by carla 's grandfather , tobias downes , and it had ascended to family heirloom status almost immediately , shifting down through the years , carefully packed and insured for moves from one part of the country to another ( it had originally come into being in the buffalo , new york , workshop of tobias , a place which had undoubtedly been every bit as smoky and nasty as peter 's workshop , although such a comment would have struck carla as completely irrelevant ) , sometimes shifting from one section of the family to another when cancer , heart attack , or accident pinched off some branch of the family tree .
` ` i offered him a job around the place , '' baker said .
things would look smaller and yet better there , and he would not feel intimidated by the rank , smelly , and sometimes dangerous vitality of the place the way he had as a child , when he and buddy marx or just he alone would scuttle down here to see the 99 - cent double features or to stare at the glittering junk in the windows of the shops and arcades and poolhalls .
those places are worse than the green stamp redemption center a week before christmas .
the place was bright in the daytime , and at night a fragrant california breeze , which seemed redolent with oranges even when the only thing it was really redolent with was smog , would drift in through the windows .
it was just as obvious that the place was a madhouse .
he had been locked up for over a week , and all he wanted now was to breathe fresh air and then get far , far away from this terrible place .
sally elbert greeley went into hysterics the one time her new husband mentioned sending the boy to that place down in terre haute ( you think he 's crazy !
the place in terre haute let him go when he was thirteen .
` ` but in places like stovington , where they 're used to dealing with communicable diseases , they 're also used to taking precautions .
in places like peru and senegal , no more than 3 percent .
and it made you wonder if this was the way the air had always smelled in places like upstate minnesota and in oregon and on the western slope of the rockies .
the only reason he had gone to drinking in the first place was because he was n't supposed to , his daddy had told him that , and mom too , but now everyone was gone , so what ?
during the previous week they had seen extraordinary movements of army troops along the turnpike , but none of them had business in such a little place as enfield , new hampshire .
the last year or so , molly and jim were about the only ones who came out to the place to see her anymore .
she kept her privy sweet , but they were dank old places no matter how sweet they smelled .
she 'd had five children by davy trotts ; one of them , maybelle , had choked to death on a piece of apple in the back yard of the old place .
how the plague had come to a place called ogunquit , how she and harold had escaped , what became of them .
` ` sense did n't have much to do with this place , from the way it looks .
` ` me , i got places to go and people to see .
in some ways , the place was like a rancid ghost town .
anyhow , we picked up the judge on the detour , stopped by hemingford home - we knew she was gone by then , the dreams you know , but we all wanted to see that place just the same .
and when he got there he would open his mouth and spill his guts about this place .
for just a moment he felt an urge to run from this place , just run and never stop .
the general 's reply had been : ` ` the very fact that no sabotage has taken place is an ominous development . ''
this place is building up , harold thought .
there 's trouble takin place , on the bayou tonight .
the place was blazing with light - not gaslamps now , but good electric lights .
love did n't grow very well in a place where there was only fear , just as plants did n't grow very well in a place where it was always dark .
love did n't grow very well in a place where there was only fear , just as plants did n't grow very well in a place where it was always dark .
two places at least , maybe more .
and mark zellman had spoken of hawaii , of all places .
' i spent the happiest three weeks of my life in this funny little place , ' lily told him , driving past the old man ( who turned , jack saw , to look after them with frightened suspicion - he was mouthing something but jack could not tell what it was ) and then swinging the car up the curved drive through the front gardens of the hotel .
you got to go in that place .
it 's a scary place , a bad place .
it 's a scary place , a bad place .
they were a real place , and he was going there again .
in an evil place over on the other side of the country .
' and you and me and lori and gloria are going to move just as fast as lightning , ' smokey said , ' because when the eagle screams on friday , we got to make up for what this place do n't make every sunday , monday , tuesday , wednesday , and thursday .
a dollar - fifty an hour was a hard wage when you were busting your buns ; in a place like this , a buck an hour might be an easy one .
you 'll go out thinking that oatley 's not such a bad place after all .
he could drink some and flip over ... and if he could manage to walk a mile west over there , two at the most , he could drink a bit more and flip back into the u.s.a . well over the town line of this horrible little place , perhaps as far west as bushville or even pembroke .
jack gaped frankly at the wares scattered all around him , wares both wonderful and strange , and amidst all the others staring at them he ceased to be a stranger himself - perhaps because he had given up his effort to seem blas in a place where no one acted blas .
' how do you get him to go places ?
' you 're gon na be sorry , i promise you that - in this place , nobody makes sonny singer into a jackass .
if you were a voluntary , i could let you walk around , get a look at the place .
' why is it a bad place ?
somebody from the middle ages who flipped over , saw this place , and thought he 'd had a vision of hell ?
ever since he and wolf had been dragooned into this place , sonny singer had been in jack 's face .
i really think you ought to go back to that place in new hampshire . '
they were also accustomed to places like seabrook island .
they worked you half to death in that horrible place , and your mind got twisted , and now you need to rest . '
and you ' ve got to take richard with you because this place is going to hell .
' i think you 'll get better once we finally get out of this place , ' jack said .
he had seen places like it on the tv news .
when they were both six ( six , jacky was six ) jack had overheard his father and morgan sloat talking about a place they went to , a place that jacky called the daydream - country .
when they were both six ( six , jacky was six ) jack had overheard his father and morgan sloat talking about a place they went to , a place that jacky called the daydream - country .
' richard , why did n't you ever tell me about this place ? '
' that was one thing about the place you took me to , jack .
' but you 're right , jack - not all the guys shagging around the place looked like businessmen trying to get in shape .
i thought about that place , all those rooms , all of them empty - ' ' except for the ghosts , ' jack muttered .
' just stick close to me , pal , and we 'll go through that place like grease through a goose . '
jack did n't know what color the deck had been painted before , but now it had gone black , like the rest of the hotel - the color of this place was the color he imagined the malignant tumors in his mother 's lungs must be .
jack bent low over richard , trying to ignore the smell of disease - so like the smell of this place - and murmured , ' hold it in your hand , richie .
a core of similar cataclysms ran from this place through all the worlds , as if punched through by a surveyor 's hollow sampling rod .
want to get away from this stinking place . '
' because the world is one strange fucking place , ' thad beaumont said , and snorted into one cupped hand .
both of these cases had been extremely strange , but the world was a strange place .
but if it had been a professional job , how come beaumont 's prints were all over the place ?
the owner of this house was in that fabled place where all rail service terminated , that place which everyone down here ( wherever that was ) called endsville .
he supposed that it could be , especially for a writer who had no business existing in the first place .
martha tellford was liz 's aunt , all right , and they had joked , mostly in bed , about running away from her , but they had talked about running to exotic places like aruba or tahiti ... because aunt martha knew all about the summer house in castle rock .
' you know a hell of a lot about this place , ' alan said , ' for a man who 's never been here . '
a separation was taking place .
' sinful places , ' vera repeated stubbornly .
it was never going to escape this place .
and when you looked at the ornaments you remembered that there had once been a mother in the place to direct the tree - trimming operation , always ready and willing to piss you off by saying ' a little higher ' or ' a little lower ' or ' i think you ' ve got too much tinsel on that left side , dear . '
hired him to work around the place and paid him out of my own pocket .
i guess i know what goes on in those places , those cheap slutty women that 'd be happy to give a nice boy like my frank an incurable disease for the price of a quarter beer ! '
a place like pittsfield academy ? '
that place is going to be struck by lightning .
this place is n't so tough .
coach is right , l guess , football is football for assholes , at least at this place .
' you ever hear of service in this place ? '
' ever hear of service - with - a - smile in this place ? '
some places it was like he 'd gone right round in circles a few times .
' it 's a strange , crowded , filthy place , full of disease and pestilence .
` ` i 'll start the motor , you raise the door so that the place does n't stink up too bad .
` ` this may be silly , too , '' miller said , turning back to brown with his clipboard and ollie with his beer , ` ` but there are n't anything like flamethrowers in the place , are there ? ''
she had taken two valiums on the ride back from the home place in casco .
the place got you .
she looked bewildered and a little frightened , a woman trying to conduct business as usual in a place that had suddenly become a madhouse .
sometimes it was actually better to be in a place like boston when this happened , because you could go to a meeting every night c every four hours , if that was what it took .
by really straining , he could remember a place called smith brothers .
you said they caught the place on fire .
long before chernobyl , the russians had an accident at a reactor in a place called kyshtym .
this place is full of ripoff artists in the summer .
' look around the place , ' bobbi said .
while their mother was gone , there were several incidents of buggery at the harlingen place .
' there 's that fellow out at the old garrick place . '
if it did nothing else , it might explain why people in some places seemed so goddam pissed off all the time .
' ayuh , got a few there , got a few other places , ' moss said , and would offer no more on that subject .
burn the place .
but once we got into the city it was hot and kind of grim , full of the hustle and bustle you got out of touch with in a place like morgan .
they came to swim in water that was too cold , to sun themselves ( many days remained foggy and drizzly , but the tourist never seemed to remember them ) , to eat lobsters and clams , to buy ashtrays with seagulls painted on them , to attend the summer theaters in ogunquit and brunswick to photograph the lighthouses at portland and pemaquid , or just to hang out in trendy places like rockport , camden , and , of course , bar harbor .
the place here is a little different .
billy watched a frisbee fly over the crowds in their preppy clothes and thought : you want to know why this place and these people depress you ?
they are studying to live in places like fairview , that 's why .
coming back , he said , he had gotten lost for a while and had ended up taking a header in the bad - smelling boggy place .
here 's a bunch of , well , nomads , you might as well call them , strangers in a hick town like bankerton to be sure , and some other stranger or strangers come along in the middle of the night and shoot up the place .
never mind ray bradbury 's hellish vision of mars or the candy - house in ` ` hansel and gretel '' ; what this place resembled more than either was the peculiar little town people kept stumbling into in various episodes of the twilight zone .
new hampshire was a great ' old place .
in spite of vacations there ( and the vacations themselves might have reinforced the idea ) , she had thought of the state as a woodsy wasteland , a place where the snow drifted twenty feet high in the winters and people were virtually cut off .
it would just be like him to wish her a good time and then try to talk the boy into going back to the home place with him .
he ought to go to college , but she knew that when he got to high school joe would press him to sign up for the shop and automotive maintenance courses so he could be more help around the place .
she had to grin to herself , because everyone in maine understood that if you moved here from another place , you would be an out - of - stater until you were sent to your grave .
she actually had to restrain herself from shaking tad awake and telling him it was going to be all right , that by two o'clock this afternoon at the lastest - and more probably by ten or eleven in the morning , if the mail delivery out here was as prompt as it was most other places in town -this nightmare would end .
it was her big chance to land an account while the bosses were taking care of business in boston or maybe new york - surely no place as exotic as la , not a little dipshit agency like ad worx .
` ` i ca n't believe how quickly this place turned to hell . ''
abraham , he likes this place .
they 're a little nutty , sure - but it 's about as nice a place as you or me 're ever gon na see in this life .
even richard grierson knows that the world is a wide place .
it was in a place called sequarchie , he says , speaking slowly .
i bet i got places to go that i do n't even know exist yet .
too far south , its population could not hold against the plague of the dead - and its inhabitants fled to other cities leaving this one a forgotten husk of a place .
those people , to them the world is a frightful place .
he remembers places like this , what they were like before the slugs came along .
even tiny places have got wide histories .
he wishes to be away from this place .
what moses hopes for is some loyalty on the part of fletcher 's men - and it 's a risk , because loyalty is a quaint and toylike notion in this ravaged place .
phoenix is a place gone to rust and ruin - massive buildings collapsed on themselves , weeds growing up through the cracked pavement , everything etched to a pale , colourless grey by the sandstorms that whip around the corners of buildings season by season .
this place is not among the cities abandoned a decade ago or longer .
yes , this place was a thriving bastion for a long while .
you had daylight , and then you had dimness - and it seemed as though the world was a glowworm of a place , a thing that produced its own bioluminescence - and you would never have thought how dead a place it could be .
soon they are in a town called sunflower , which is a nothing of a place .
she 's a whore 's why she took to that place like it was her foster home .
it is nice , this place , and yet moses winces as though prickled by the sounds of joy .
but the place looks different .
after i got em , you can burn this place to the ground with my good wishes .
a place , indeed , poxed by calamitous treasures like abraham 's blue - roofed pancake houses - gigging itself forward in a frenzy of speed ( yes , this is what moses has n't seen before - the country , not stopped dead , but spinning in such mazy motion the blur might be taken for stasis ) , galloping ahead of life and ahead of death too , and back into life , the two masquerading as each other , unable to keep up , as though time were a circuit rather than a line .
there was a fair amount of drinking , and of course there were parties , but on the great scale of party - schools , moore 's place resided a little to the north of mediocre .
why it got so awful unbearable that hubert used to keep skunks in the barn to make the whole place smell better .
the place is swarming with drug lords , '' she said .
i ca nt have the cattle running all over the place , you know .
there was no way he was going to stick around this place .
that boy is certainly going places .
this place is coming along just fine .
this place is a right old rubbish tip .
this place do nt strike me as the kind you d find a bird in .
calling this place the sputnik to my face is clear evidence of that .
so whatever took that moving picture of the grouch appearing some place else before he 'd even disappeared from here has been zipping about in time .
no , he do n't do nothing to suggest nothing but the notion that this place is some kinda joke .
no , this place is as much of a joke as the look of pa 's face after a bullet burst it open , and that were n't no joke at all .
i never thought a whole pie of chicken on that kind of thinking , being more interested in what could be happening up in space than what 's going on inside the head of an imaginary bearded fella living in a place made up by crazy folks .
holy smokes , i ca nt even get out of this place .
she let out a hearty laugh , then wondered aloud , now why ca nt i bring myself to do that when the place is crowded ?
understand , i m not complaining , he added quickly , its just a bit of a change from my last place .
jill had understood her reasoning and had managed to persuade a reluctant ken to bury his prejudices and agree to be seen dead with the toffee - nosed bunch of snobs and poofs he swore adorned the place .
he had read the latest news , all that rot about neo nazis , and if the kavanaghs had already dug them out , it would not be long before the place was swarming with cops .
they were often lurid , tacky places , despite the gilt and gloss , very business like and to the point .
there are many camels , pyramids , and men with french wigs around , but otherwise the place seems just like new york .
if only to find a way back to your own dimension and out of this crazy metropolis place where everyone is always attacking you and wearing weird , brightly colored spandex tights .
an occupation , but also maybe a place , a description , an acronym .
this place has hardly changed since i was a young lad .
its one of those places that most people do nt know about .
long ago i determined the world existed as a very scary place .
i had read something earlier about various scientists promoting the idea of the existence of parallel universes places that existed as mirror images of this universe .
i really got to get the hell out of this place , and quick .
i tried not to paint the entire world with the same broad strokes because even though for the most part it existed as a violent and uncaring place , there were places where humans thought about more than making a buck and weaseling their way into heaven .
i , on the other hand , questioned the value of a deity who permitted such an assault on children in the first place .
but with a bit of imagination you could really turn this place around .
really , if they knew what a goldmine this place is going to be , they would nt be half so eager and difficult .
we need to put the place a bit more on the map . ''
` ` its a more god - fearing place , is pensacola . ''
this place is getting worse .
` ` it is a beautiful place , kashmir , '' continued the professor .
` ` its a beautiful place .
i ve heard you talk about this place .
most sawmills had less crap flying around than this place .
she s a freak about that place too .
anyway , we all got screwed and most of us hated this place anyway .
on this basis the time is now and transformation takes place to the human form .
i do not want to commit to paper the full details of my experiences here but lets just say that i saw a whole heap of rhythm in this place which was a huge eye - opener to a sixteen year old boy .
even if you are not an elvis presley fan , you must find the time and the money at some point in your life and visit the place .
and as much as one might trust his partner , it does nt mean that one can trust every other peacock strutting around the place with his feathers poking out .
when young , morris aspired to be an olympic swimmer , to train and compete in places with names like palo alto or zurich or fort lauderdale , places far away and foreign to him , places with deep pools with twelve lanes and fifty meters in length .
when young , morris aspired to be an olympic swimmer , to train and compete in places with names like palo alto or zurich or fort lauderdale , places far away and foreign to him , places with deep pools with twelve lanes and fifty meters in length .
when young , morris aspired to be an olympic swimmer , to train and compete in places with names like palo alto or zurich or fort lauderdale , places far away and foreign to him , places with deep pools with twelve lanes and fifty meters in length .
i m telling you , stefani says , listen , this charlies guy , he steals , and the place reeks , like he s got some health code violation going on , you know ?
you know , mr . charlie , some of these other places you mr . charlies , mr . charlies said , snatching the money from him .
he d been there once , when he worked on a cargo ship , and thought alaska the most beautiful place in the world , the whiteness , the cold .
he s got the fliers and brochures describing the places ; he s going to visit them .
the place is finally coming down .
the place needs some airing out , jetski says , coughing .
the place is going to burn down , morris says , terrified , exhilarated .
the place is probably all right for an hour , do nt you think ?
i just love to go to places like this , andrea says , her face pinched in a thoughtful manner .
and this place happens to be the biggest sex bazaar on the east coast , man .
he s been coming here for years , knows this place , the people in it , the songs on the jukebox , the worn stools and scarred bar .
she could work around the place and help take care of everybody ; and who knows , if it worked out all right she might be able to take the plug out of her womb .
it would be sad to see this place change .
course it ca nt compare to this place .
so much of the world these days seems so sterile , but this place is like an island of beauty and wonder .
i reckon they did nt tell you a whole lot about anything in that place .
you re fired , and i swear to god if you step so much as one inch out of line around this place , ill have you locked up so tight you ll never see the light of day .
you know it took me months to get out of that place .
the place is rich with gold , from two hundred years ago , and its never been touched .
a lot of people actually living in arizona think the place is glamorous but that is because they never go anywhere off the beaten track to the really wrecked places or they are living off the fruits of the earlier bastards who were here a long time ago .
is there a way out of this sucking place they were born in , you might ask ?
the days wintry shadows shrunk away from juan and willy as though they had a grudge against the place .
all their thoughts of gold had disappeared and all they could wonder was why had people made so many roads into this place going off in all directions .
there s a lovely house in a place called restinburg for sale .
everyones parents who lived there worked in different places or even different cities .
how is the place ?
do nt worry ; its not such a bad place .
i went to this other place a cold place of shadows and bright lights , the sky reflecting the earth and the people like ghosts .
these places terrify , admitted vern .
if this is true , then it must have been a beautiful place .
i do n't like the look of this place , vern said .
they were gone for nearly thirty minutes during which time tony wandered around taking as shallow breathes as he could and wishing he had not given up smoking , anything to cover the smell of the place .
that kid is as happy as the rest of the pigs in that shitty place and because of you and me at least he has a real job .
he rented a truck from this place a two or three days ago .
send in the troops , have them tear that place apart .
this place you came from , it has to be where my family is going .
she repulsed him and it frustrated him deeply that he constantly had to argue with her just to speak , i know these places , they do nt question it .
after that the newlyweds were going to leave for a two month honeymoon to visit mitch 's family in west virginia , and a lot of other exciting places in between .
this place is gon na be sheer chaos two hours after you leave . ''
it does nt matter whereafter a while , the places all blend into one anyway .
this place is great , connor whispered in my ear as we took a seat .
this place is nice , where did you find it ?
i could just be walking home , and maybe that day there were a few more clouds in the sky and you d just be hit again by how beautiful the whole place was .
shit this place was crazy for four fucking years of the best craziness i m ever going to know .
i ' m going to miss this place , too .
they think were robbing the place !
which was a lie , of course , because every witch knows all about this place and i recognized them immediately as witches of the highest order .
that sounds great um , is this place black tie ?
i ca nt imagine what this place will smell like if one of those things dies in the wall !
there s nothing disease - ish about this place .
she regaled him for hours with stories of her small village just outside aberdeen and how it was the most mind - numbing place on the face of the earth , filled with locals ; each one more bizarre than the last .
said the death , shaking his head in dismay over what had taken place .
just remember why were going to sacramento in the first place .
besides i m starved ; i have nt eaten a thing since lunch and it may be only edible thing in this place .
you know how it is , if i give one then everyone will want one and this place will be a madhouse before you know it .
there was something genuinely magical about a place where nothing grew or prospered .
the place had gone to hell in the three days since he left .
jeremiah had seen the worst in men and had a hand in some of it , but this place was bad even for him .
i could use some grandsons to help about the place .
there was the added drama of criminal activity , the sort of operatics that required you to visit the more exotic regions of subdom , those places farther displaced than suicide country , which was only marginally off the map .
there was no question of him driving up the facade , he figured , that defied the logic of the place .
i decided to keep silent and allow janet to discover all of the excitement of the place on her own .
this place is nothing but a snake pit !
this place is creepy , janet said , as if reading my thoughts .
this place is really romantic .
just the thought of the place made me dart back into the stall and try to pee again .
i enjoyed meeting you and your friends and going to all of the fun places i would nt have gone to otherwise .
listen , this place is a tinder box .
no wonder the place stank .
danny , you know anything about that place ?
serious , there s something in it that says any place named in honour of the motherland can be claimed as a state .
this place is like a wild west saloon .
` ` so how can someone like owen huntly make so much money in a place like this ? ''
it was probably not such a bad place once you got used to it .
kylie would have given anything to go with them , to get out of this place she now hated .
` ` you were too good for this place . ''
alexander somehow thought they should behave appropriately to the place .
maybe you should just wash your hands of the whole place , she said .
you re going to have to put some time in before you learn everything about this place , he offered sarcastic analysis .
` ` maybe we could do a spread on this place when we get our chat show ? ''
'' what a place . ''
it was , of course , the reason they were friends in the first place .
so were nt you just saying you d been trying to paint the place for two years and could never decide ?
you want to run your own place ?
the shop keep responded that it was jam imported from england , a place called upper southrump .
i could nt live with myself if that took place .
this place is so hard !
it 's always been my dream to come to a place like this .
the lyrics : i used to know these places here i ' ve lived and worked filled with people i once knew but they have unfamiliar faces i see loved ones since passed on first there is confusion , then sorrow when in the dream or when awake i remember they 're really gone refrain : to sleep , perchance to dream to enter another world all is strange and vague and nothing what it seems in our mind live our fears pushed back in the daytime behind work and stress but in dreams all too near out of the dark nowhere come monsters that chase we run without escape caught by nightmares refrain sometimes i try to fly but all i do is fall waiting for the impact and i do n't know why sometimes i take control and can make things happen but then i lose my grip and do n't know where to go refrain x2 track 6 : tricks o'pedia the interview : brad : the next track , tricks o'pedia is a hard alt - rock tune .
and nora , what do your parents call this place ?
what do we all have in common besides this place ?
of course , we do nt know why he has chosen to not come home , since afton is such a peaceful place .
looking at his wife , nels father spoke resignedly , i think he means they would nt pay him to run that place .
it was every untouchables dream to explore such places .
the other man looked familiar to stan , having seen him around the place , but did n't know who he was , but he sure looked a lot like bella 's brother , father christmas .
one was that he did not like living in monrovia , the place where he had been stationed as a un volunteer for two years , and the other was that he neither understood nor cared too much about aid work .
it was a harsh place and there were easier ways of making money .
this goddamn place is far too real and dangerous to have people formulating cockamamie theories and spreading false rumours .
for this he would need dexter who knew the place better than anyone : every town , village , road , and culvert .
the place has changed a lot in seven years .
he keeps building makeshift temporary shelters all over the place and they keep filling up with kids .
and along with enjoying the attention of it all , she had felt something she had long been deprived of , a feeling like no other in a place where it was in short supply : hope .
you would nt believe the politics in that place these days .
he d wan na watch he does nt do his back in falling around the place like that .
no one in this place is non - governmental , stan retorted scornfully .
i started out as a bit of a nobody like you once , in a place called newport in the state of rhode island , on a damn naval base , teaching cadets how to tie knots .
and to the missionaries , mercenaries and misfits of this godforsaken place !
to understand why several of our heroes took unplanned excursions to this place requires no thought ; there s little joy in doing as we ought .
this was the future , a greater leap into the unknown and then he would come back and the place might not look any different but then it might and then he would listen to some music and play a game of chess when was that emmett back they would be moving into dunluce today and have a good time of a year with meabh and erwan and emmett and levin in one house and levin machill and eddie and john and hilary in the house the other house and shaun and james and sarah in the other house the other other house the house and then the house this house the pink would be pinkless out of time and luck and he would look at the church .
what s happening anyway , we going to clean this place up , or what ?
this world that he lived in was a desolate place , wailing children , dead or dying old ladies , guns , dark noises , shame and fear and terror .
a possibility arose with the discovery that a joe goodwin , son of an american survivor from the battle for tarawa in 1943 , now lived in bairiki , the next village along the southern arm of the atoll ; he had heard so much about the fighting that after retiring from a hectic business career he had come to see the place for himself , been charmed by the leisurely pace of life and decided to stay .
timekeeping all over the place .
the studies he had been commissioned to carry out were fairly straightforward , if laborious and he spent his days in the factory , gathering and recording data , measuring machines and generally finding out how the place ran .
you ' ve got more influence than i have in this place .
an odd ball he may be but you can trust him - and that 's a glowing testimonial for this place ! ''
` ` bad news travels like lightening in this place !
so , we should nt be surprised when evolution theorists claim that the process by which animals adapt to new environments goes all the way down and explains how all life managed to assemble itself in the first place .
this central dogma is necessary for modern evolution theory because it explains how a genome could be built up in the first place .
so , while point mutations can explain certain changes when you already have a genome , they do not seem to explain how a genome came to be built up in the first place .
if they have no usefulness ( or are harmful ) , they will be discarded and another cell will go to the dna library and cut out the necessary gene again -- this time correctly -- so all will be well , as if the mistake did not occur in the first place .
how were we going to escape this place ?
stepping into the tall chrome halls bathed me in a sense of nostalgia , but after having everything learned recently , this place was just as foreign as another country to me .
he was tactical , looking for places that would benefit from having a factory or distribution channels .
never heard of that place .
when we went on holiday in britain in the 1950s we never went to the same place twice .
apart from the big cities on our way such as burgos and len none of the places through which we passed could have been described as truly prosperous .
lets see what old borrow has got to say about this place .
when he heard the click of the shutter he turned to me and said , do you know , i love this place .
lets see what old borrow had to say about this place , said dad .
it is a light , cheerful place as borrow remarks .
this was a philistine place : a product of a poor economy that had disastrously realised the potential of cheap reinforced concrete , its proliferation uninhibited by any suggestion of town and country planning .
if its about a place that s so good its like wales then do nt bother because i can go to wales and see the real thing any time i like .
apart from the geography there are so many other things that the two places have in common as well .
ill write something nice about the place .
in the years surrounding beat the brains , brighton was viewed by the residents of hove as little more than a common seaside resort for lower - class londoners ; a place where they came for dirty weekends and ate their filthy food .
it was a grubby place of whelk stalls and jellied eels and streets strewn with the discarded newspapers of a thousand fish and chips .
it was also possessed of a well - known brewery which produced the finest of traditional beers , a county jail which had held some of the most famous criminals in the land and more five star hotels than would normally be commensurate with a place of its size .
ruddy place is overrun with ruddy lord clumsys .
why did nt you tell me before we came into the place ?
this place is not easy to run , you know that .
she poured a cup , it sounds such a fascinating place , so uncouth and unciv .
ill get you the best bodyguard in the place .
` ` i see , how come you do nt want to leave this place ? ''
after a couple of weeks , well leave the place , and well have spent a lovely vacation here . ''
she simply loved warm , sunny , exotic places , welcoming places where living was easy .
a friendly bunch notwithstanding , they had immediately invited him to a curious local dinner affair which had a name he could not remember , up in a place called driffield or draffield or drateeled or thereabouts , and to which it seemed everyone and anybody within at least a hundred mile radius had been invited , and all of whom were , he had been assured , the closest of blood relatives .
it is one of those places you only find out about when you end up getting dragged there at the end of a raucous night by some guys you barely know but who know someone you do , who perhaps you d rather forget .
there will always be a differential , not because some places are less greedy than others they re all greedy but because some have understood that its just a fact of life that when your tax rates are low , you attract wealth and business , and strangely enough , you end up collecting more taxes .
then , when the trauma that school is for those of a scholastic bent was over and most had dropped out and gone to new places like africa or india , whence their grandparents had fled , or done a stint communing with nature in some dugout in wales , delaney had been the one who had safely enrolled on a science course at one of those new universities .
it is a curious place because , apart from the usual shower of students and pensioners , it is one of the few places in that part of the world where one can actually find locals .
its just a place which is enchanting .
as far as i can tell , this place is a people - trap .
you wo n't see this place till you walk into it .
aaron , it 's a place i ' ve only ever heard of .
ah , that 's why this place smelt of burnt hair yesterday .
and quite a few nails in this place , even if they are expensive .
all that night , long after the company party had ended , the robot pondered what had taken place ( since he did nt sleep , he had to stay up all night anyway ) .
when the boy grew up , he was surprised to see that there seemed to be lots of people doing bad things all over the place .
a few of the more ingenious ones set themselves up as religious saviors , claiming thatfor a significant fee , of coursethey could guarantee the others that they would nt die , or at least that if they did , they would still go on living somehow in another place that was better .
those places crawl with vampires and no one will think twice about it .
there was no other reason for someone like him to be out here in her small town , a place most people considered the middle of nowhere .
the village provided no such exaltation , it was quite simply ... closed ; the whole drab place was a dreary ghost - town .
she said to bring the jade egg to abu dhabi if anything bad happened in eleuthera at the hexas style resort , a place she referred to as the church , and then , once in abu dhabi , to give the egg as passport to the dock authorities , to the head of customs .
after the cause and origin guys had completed their investigation , he could have the run of the place .
the play was a product of the place and the place became a character in the play .
i told him simon , simon that 's just not going to work , that is not going to fly in a place that is cultured and civilized , in a place that has real achievers , real people who are trying to do things with their lives .
i told him simon , simon that 's just not going to work , that is not going to fly in a place that is cultured and civilized , in a place that has real achievers , real people who are trying to do things with their lives .
he s going places .
in a place far from neal harris and long before his time , two strumpets were talking .
so , the police know a murder and a theft took place , but do nt know the motivation may have been to cover up a crime in which your client was involved .
this was the first time i got off at p when there were nt cars all over the place .
especially in a nice place like this .
hmph , i suppose that s a fair question , considering the number of big - shot superheroes running around the place .
to them the world is a sick and dirty place .
the way andreas face had clouded over , the way she had spoken as if trying to shake off a pestering fly , the vagueness of her reply , up north , it could only mean one place , and she had been careless enough to drag it up .
not so much for her ; she was a relative newcomer to the place , and although was well liked , she had not been in their lives long enough to be loved .
the whole place smelt of tragedy .
they sat patiently , waiting for the film to start , and xavier commented on how he could nt believe that he did nt know such a place existed .
` ` i love this place , '' said xavier , after a prolonged silence .
i m sorry you have to live in a place that you hate so much .
it makes me giddy between the shoulder blades just looking at this place .
she got us all into this place for the price of two sticks of gum , did nt she ?
they re all flapping about the place like a load of seals , april explained over the phone to keith .
showers all over the place .
old and everything , just like this place .
if you re in a relationship with someone , why ca nt he buy you things and take you places ?
um , i m thinking of booking a holiday , lucy ; i m coming in to some money , you see and i wondered if you d been to any of these places ?
but sooner or later the novelty of the new town or city wore off , and it became just like any other , and in his mind they all merged into one big place called somewhere else .
this must be why , in spite of oggs worthy intentions and tremendous efforts , the world was and always had been such a terrible place .
there s a strange sensation of evil about this whole place .
in this place , even a glance could be fatal .
however , their post - feast high gradually wore off as they got closer to the flatlands ; a hot , uncomfortable and hostile place .
its stern , dark presence at the parks center reminds us of the places violent heritage , lest you think it was all butter - churning and games of horseshoes .
i puzzled aloud over a rodent species affinity for human comfort food , but the professor interrupted , of course , another question is whether this sub - species would nt be better protected in a kinder place , say , the bronx zoo .
welcome to this special place , this special part of new york history , she bubbled , as she re - did some buttons on her blouse , and sent a man standing next to her packing , with a slap on his rear .
no prairie progressivism for this burg , it is perhaps , then , to be expected that west sig , as it is known , is often described as a place of narrow lawns and wide waists .
* * * * chapter 11 smelling up the place just when things were going along at a comfortable pace something happened to stink the place up ... literally .
my cousin says that joes father is the biggest tipper in the place ! )
the glory days of the wirral riviera belong to edwardian summers past , when this place was full to the brim with eager excited families on a day trip to the seaside from the working class communities of liverpool , wallasey , and birkenhead .
strathconas may be fine for the time being , but i do not want to make a career out of the place .
hey jules , who s the stupid fucker paying us a hundred smacks to play in a place the size of cats fart ?
violence in the work place did n't make anyone feel secure .
in this bad place , no hope had they of human help , nor any did they find .
the barbarian hordes had been scattered long ago , and no foul beasts dared to stalk among the herds of that fine place .
for nine generations , i have watched this place , and all its kings .
this was one of the reasons behind getting the campervan in the first place , because whilst we loved to holiday abroad , we missed the animals , so we thought that this was the perfect answer .
the only place i was not too fond of was harlech , and that was because the town is at the top of a large hill .
well , ya see , i just came from there meself , and the old girl who runs the place is in a bit of a hissy .
what is it you were sayin about the place , here ?
they had checked around town all afternoon but nobody could help them find the guys who were responsible for their trip to this godforsaken place .
he also remembered how gwen , slev , guignard , and another woman had snookered him into letting them into his house that day in the first place .
charleston has its history of racism , and it still exists here , like in most places .
paul said , what about being cooped up in that place for two months , just us ?
when the local left to get the blankets , the msmibc said , boss , this place sucks .
that place is full of bad guys .
and , i did nt burn the place down .
and this place is not going to be the ritz .
old guys are dying all over the place .
these little places were almost ghost towns with a small number of residents and boarded up saloons and mining crap left to rust in the arizona sun .
this place is more of a dump than it was last year , said moses when our bus parked in back .
come back tomorrow and he 'll let you mop the place if you want .
that is why , thought clarity , with scafarel part of the o & o boardroom , donway wanted to stop the plane from being built and the mudaraba from being carried out , and the wedding sealing the mudaraba from taking place as well .
if you were to ask hud rake for his favorite memory of the last seventy or so years , he would say , without hesitation , it was the day he brought bessie to see the place .
she s not particularly fond of the place , but it does have its positive attributes .
new york could be a pretty tough place , and mob rule was second nature .
it was a cozy little place on the main drag , where it did nt take many people to make it a crowd and , thus , make it a lively place .
nice place , this charleston .
he played for a minute , getting into the groove with the base and drums , then began to sing , no mike , so it was hard to hear the words : the white city , that 's a joke of a name it 's a black violent place , if i remember the game i could n't wait to get out , but i love to go home to remember the white city fighting .
we just showered and then went to the carrousel to see what the place is like .
and what made the situation all the more intriguing and confusing was gergievs statement about the concurrent production in america ; in some place called charleston , which is not new york or san francisco or washington , dc .
they want to stay over there , and dance in some ballet , in this charleston place .
as they passed through the suburb , gary noticed that while it still seemed like a fairly nice place , the negatives of sprawl from los angeles and san diego were starting to show .
pretty much everyone in the place had forgotten the kids on the field , but willy was not happy about his dad getting thrown out of the first game he had come to see that year .
mike : you know , sometimes when i am at work , it is difficult to figure out what the point is because , you know , i certainly do nt give a fuck about that place , but then sometimes you are reminded that life is pretty good .
he was bemused to realize he genuinely liked this person he just met in a club in vegas , of all places .
and someday drive the wide clean roads paving the state , and he wanted to see new places .
been all over this place like a dose of the clap .
in late october , however , the place was fast becoming a harsh and treacherous wasteland .
and , as gordy and tad drank , they felt safer in this place .
up close , though , the state of the place was decidedly un - german un - west german , in any case .
if we were talking about any other place in the world i would say that you were correct , but not home depot .
the guy who had set up the accounts in the first place and transferred the money from the national oil accounts into the account on the caribbean island that was named st . something , now peacefully was sleeping with the fishes in the bottom of a well out in the iranian hinterlands .
i m not sure , but it has to do with this place .
clooney has a secret daughter that wants to go to college of charleston , so he wants to come here and see what the place is like .
the colonel did nt follow the conversation very well , but he did follow the visuals of the two blond babes , one talking here in london and one talking in some place called charleston .
get them going all over the place and you have all the publicity you want .
our first trip to america , and people said this is a friendly place , so we came here .
he stood up and began pacing around inside the circle of chairs , looking down at the pine board floor , and starts a stream of consciousness rant , i got it , i like it , its not sentimental , its about something most americans do nt worry about or think about , its got a serious base but also room for lots of action and humor , and of course she goes to a new culture , of course she ends up in the place that s most different from her culture , america , of course she meets a guy and falls for him , and she s got all this money , and we can have fun with that , and she s good looking , and wegs and george can do their hot and fun couples thing , ill squeeze stuff out of them they did nt know they had in them ... ( he s still pacing around the circle , faster and faster , not looking at anyone , the directorial wheels are spinning fast , the other team members are checking out , wondering what to have for lunch , seeing that sody is doing his thing , filling the holes in the story , fabricating the story lines , imagining the sets and scenes and dialogue and camera shots and all that stuff , taking on the tough tasks , gwen and roger seeing what s happening and are happy , george also happy knowing he can spend most of his time chasing the women and taking them out to lunch , shim feeling good about the raw material he will have from which to write the screenplay , gale forgetting about sody and conspiring to get george in the sack as soon as possible , laleh wondering what she has started , never having been part of an entertainment production , jinny wondering what tricks gale was going to play in order to bed george , jinny knowing it was his duty to prevent her draining every last drop of energy from the poor boy leaving him vapid , voiding , empty for his acting responsibilities , monique taking a nail file out of her purse , not concerned about much , having seen sody and george work together before , an old hand at this creativity business , wondering what it would be like with jinny in bed , herself five foot eleven and himself five foot four and build like one of the blocks of marble from which michelangelo had carved a bust of david , the dog in dog heaven perhaps never having experienced a back massage as wonderful as the one monique had bestowed on him with that stupendously sexy foot of her out of the emerald pump , my god ) sody is still pacing and talking , ... .and , oh , shit , yes , of course , what happens , what happens is that she was nt as smart as she thought she was in stealing the money , and the religious rat guy puts his security force on it even though he stole the money from the people , and they find a clue about her , and they track her , track her across the middle east and then across europe , germany maybe , and then they track her here , somehow , to wherever this place the hall is supposed to be , since its weird cause were filming the whole movie in this building which we do nt know , yet , where or what it is or how were going to do that , but i can figure that out , that s my job , right , no problem , but she comes here to this weird place and meets george and they fall in love and spend her money .
when i got to charleston i just liked everyone , and the place , and the idea of the production ; and i did nt think of possible trouble from them .
these people all had ancestors that came from up north , cold places like france and belgium .
how they can call this place a complex i have no idea .
i sat in the same boring old place , had the same awful people getting in my face and treating me like dirt .
it was normal life in that place .
anyone who looks after old people for a living ca nt be a bad person , she s also a qualified nurse , its always good to have a nurse about the place .
this place is crawling with army guys .
possum tracks all over the place .
if folks had that much cash lying about , why did they even need the savings and loan in the first place ?
kristin wondered what in the world p.u.d was but set the thought aside and proceeded to fill in the others on what had taken place .
one thing she really liked about traveling to places like charleston was that she was not as well - known as she was in europe .
i think about the place where i grew up .
he wanted a quiet town , small but not too small , different than the places we had lived in before , the big cities .
i ve made four trips to russia since i finished college , and gone to a few other places .
a place can be charming and tense at the same time , ca nt it ?
there s so much going on in that place .
come all the way to a small place like charleston and teach in a new school .
charles was a huguenot , and his heirs crossed the atlantic way back when , landing in a very weird place called south carolina .
that s fourteen different places , fourteen meals , fourteen experiences .
i tried figuring out if some of the money that is floating around out there could end up in the same place as me .
at one point during the two years he lived in pittsburgh he got so sick of the place he got in a car and drove to washington dc .
she loved the place , really , and liked some of her colleagues , and knew she was contributing to her society .
he thought about a strange place named charleston , south carolina , united states of america .
gwen dropped slevov at the hotel and arrived home to find the place in an uproar .
eff this place , man .
that place is a little classier than most , you could say . ''
it is a sad place and it was the victim of my rage the first night i returned home after marianne 's death .
` ` well , some people like small places .
` ` this place does n't seem a little strange to you ? ''
this place hosts a lot of them .
when gino had asked me what tony was doing there , i got the funny feeling that tony was nt supposed to be anywhere near the place on monday .
why did he leave the place ?
the parking lot attendants were guiding cars into slots with a practiced efficiency that you see only in places where big money makes the rules , like las vegas or disneyland .
` ` america , of all places ?
then she 'd heard the crying , a man 's crying , through the hotel 's cracked window , from up where she thought the room was where mrs . rochester had bled all over the place .
i know you wanted to be closer to the campus , but that filthy place is just disgusting . ''
` ` my boss will miss me dearly , but i ' m sure sheila wo n't blow the place up while i ' m gone . ''
` ` besides , you meet some pretty interesting people at those places . ''
i had always fancied about the clean and fresh air around the orchards and also about the plenty of serenity there , but still , passing some weeks or months at one stretch in a countryside place could have never been a practical desire .
as i ' m the smartest kid in the place , i was sent off to the county elementary spelling competition and i became the champion spelling bee , though latin would ' ve been easier .
did we not see the new shine in his eyes while we were there for real , revisiting the place he had loved as a younger man full of vigor , strength and a lust for life ?
if she had never met me in the first place , the number might have been high as 5 . and those were the days of roses i sang to myself , as i slid the card into the doorjamb .
be there when one of them gets called nappy - haired , or be there when an intoxicated man leaving a club says , do nt go in there , the place is full of niggers and spics and jews .
perfect had always thought that when he finally found the real world , it would turn out to be a marvelous place .
` ` i know this god is dead and the world 's his old whore , but i still like this place . ''
i did kill a man once , but it was in a place where they worked men like animals and misled them into spending their money on alcohol and whores til they had no choice but to stay where they are and work themselves to death while their bosses got fatter .
` ` ... i was saying that this place might be bad for my health , '' mr . white said .
in his mind he felt his veins filled with the old sap and fate and poison of that place , and he was glad to leave it .
but not much of the wonder from those legends had rubbed off on the place , and the people gave him low , suspicious looks as he came through town .
16 - roundabouts , red tarmac and chicanes what never ceases to amaze me is how , even when public money is supposedly extremely tight and in many places cuts are made that possibly , or even probably , should nt be made , you can still look around and see money just being frittered away in other areas .
` ` you should know , you have the map of the place .
` ` donway told me about the stolen bonds of lofty , '' said donway , ` ` you re in deep trouble , you ll have to work your way out of here or else you ll simply work here for a good long while , this place can be a prison too . ''
` ` there s something fishy in this place , '' said evans , ` ` someone wants me to do dishonest things . ''
it did nt anger me that a person with down syndrome was working at the d.m.v . , but it did irritate me that she was given the most vocal job in the place .
all i am saying is that this place is ridiculous .
even babies had it since their mothers could have spread the virus to their fetus without even knowing they had it in the first place .
he mused briefly , and proudly added , chris martin and i were born in the same place , yknow .
will was floundering like a flounder in a place where founders ought n't be .
at least twenty bore the name dartmoor , and she guessed from titles containing words like moor and hill , and from the pictures , the number of volumes related to that place was nearer thirty .
we know all the places , and everyone who lives here thinks its americas most beautiful town .
` ` how s this place going to distract her ? ''
and there were precious few parties in that place , let me tell you ; lights out at five pm , every day .
i 'd move , to some remote country , to a place where everyone was a stranger .
` ` you remember the place ? ''
the fruits would come from some place south and me and some other guys would put 'em in crates for shipping to grocery stores .
` ` well , i like to camp , to sketchthough i ' m not very good at iti like to travel , especially to places that have different cultures , food and scenery than north america , and i enjoy listening to classical music , especially chopin . ''
he wrote of places he 'd visited and they were so like the places where i had vacationed .
he wrote of places he 'd visited and they were so like the places where i had vacationed .
this was my town , since childhood , and i would have known of such a place .
never heard of it , but it seemed a pretty place , judging by the pictures i found by googling .
finn : look , lay off the place , will you .
to see the place , was finns answer ; so deceptively simple that it disarmed his questioner , who only responded , well , have a good look around .
had jasper voiced these impressions though , he might have learnt that these atmospheres were what finn had always loved about the place .
things are getting tougher out there , and the firm are nt becoming famous for showing much loyalty around the place just lately .
he thought , no wonder they re so glum , having to work in a place like that .
i wo nt be sad to see the back of this place .
' ever heard of a place called acapulco ? '
i was parked outside in an unmarked van , watching the place .
upon returning with my pocketed treasure and being swept through the hotel door to the lobby in the wake a group of freebooting american students that such places attract , i plopped clumsily into the nearest comfortable looking padded chair and discharged packet contents onto my knee .
in trying to rationalize as to what had taken place , for a second i had the inspired thought that maybe this guy was her cousin but when i recalled the intensity of the kissing this wishful thinking quickly expired .
but , if you do have the luxury of living in an over - hyped , expensive , dirty , nasty , although sunny place like los angeles , then a drop top is key .
the kind of place where washing with revlon was tantamount to dousing with cat piss ; the kind of place where paul mitchell was considered a lohan or spears known , but never fraternized with .
john wayne would have regurgitated that pound of red meat he died with if he only knew such a place existed .
practically everyone in england has a megalith -- the place is crawling with them .
` ` that 's what this place is all about , '' said hats .
the virgins were all jogging in place and reading wittgenstein .
` ` thinks she runs the place , she does . ''
sorry , probably not appropriate language for this place , i said .
he had often heard that oakhill horse track was a corrupt place ; that every once in a while a horse , which was favoured to win , would get a less than honest effort by the jockey , allowing dark evil criminal types to make loads of money betting on the appropriate alternatives .
were nt these places supposed to be good at this type of thing ?
` ` we could take action , lose the war , and spend the rest of our lives being forced to behave with perfect manners , or we could leave this place . ''
` ` hank wants a secret plan to get out of this place . ''
` ` just because i do n't have a bowel does n't mean i ca n't stink up the place , '' said sweet gas .
` ` i do n't feel good about this place , '' said edwardian , shivering .
tockworld , as the humans soon found out , was an anarchic place .
` ` how do we get our own unruly charges accepted into this place ? ''
inmates were running around all over the place .
this place is falling apart , molly said .
we ve got to do something about this place , agnes said .
buntford is nt exactly the kind of place a girl needs protection .
there are a lot worse places to live .
this place was a factory , and not any old factory .
this place was building weapons , such as the like tracer had never seen before but had only heard about .
so , what s an uptown girl like you doing in a place like this ?
this strange tale becomes even stranger when you consider that i did nt know there was a place called kamchatka until ten seconds ago .
he did nt have a clue where he d go and simply wanted to be anywhere but this humiliating place that contained his father and mother in drag and people that wanted to murder him .
this place definitely has an abundance of those two qualities , and many people come here for that reason .
that was slightly unsettling , but it was probably better to travel incognito to a place like cuba , the less people knew they were going there with someone like cubandor , a man difficult to read , the better .
the inmates are rowdy right now , they know someone has brought lady fortuna to the island , and they think that minted bar made with gold , means someones here in cuba to free them permanently from this place . ''
the place seems to be full of retards and deadbeats .
he stated that he never understood how his mother and father had even met in the first place .
she hated the place .
a hospital has more ambience than that place .
i 'll end with one final memory of a teacher from lakeview , a man who fought in korea and enjoyed repeating his one good story about the place .
it 's taken me most of the last three months to accept that i do love this place . ''
` ` everyone else in this place is . ''
` ` better , in some places . ''
` ` there 's something weird about this place , '' said tony cad suspiciously .
there are many to be had , anywhere you go , even in places that have bankruptcy written all over them .
then we went our separate ways , and many years later i bumped into him at a car body shop in santa monica , of all places .
families such as jos obviously went to far - off places with cool names that closely resembled those of action - movie villains .
and that old guy who runs the place in the white frock .
it 's a suburb of el paso , said balbino jr . a no nothing place .
it 's not a no nothing place .
the area is bound to the south roughly by tennessee way and to the north by honolulu avenue , to the west by california place way ( which stops at 20th ) and to the east by tomato street , which runs to the freeway .
only male people , and freeborn greek and roman ( maybe a few other places ) citizens were allowed such sophistication at that time , that is , school attendance .
blend was scared because everyone in rama , and some other equally inconspicuous rural places , knew where his favorite hangout is - the krakatoa .
her indian nature drew magic from the other place that more than met the tv shows ?
can you tell me something of the places hereabouts ?
this morning there was a report on how many russians come to the uk then go home again as they do nt think its a nice place to live .
it will be pretty cool to have a little man running about the place .
plus my uncle cleans up this place .
` ` not at all , '' he said , ` ` this place can be a bit confusing a first but you will get the hang of it .
when it came to the glamorous cases ( and in the police world , glamorous was the murders , the crack house busts , the complete opposite of the hollywood definition ) everyone was quick to volunteer themselves , mostly in the hope they could exert some of their authoritative powers and cop justice on those bottom feeders that made them want to become cops in the first place .
gwynne moved back to romance , and was disconcerted to find the place seemed different somehow .
this place is dead on its feet .
the first was that it sure was a cool place .
money and resources that could be better spent other places .
a place where a draftee either quickly learned which way to point his rifle or else was in for a quick return to the united states in a condition quite unlike that of his arrival in the place officially called viet nam but unofficially called all kinds of other , not so nice , names by the draftees .
a country that was bursting at the national seams with gorgeous scenery , but which fenwick forever after would only remember as a place with more biting inspects for square foot than anyplace else on planet earth and maybe beyond .
christ , fenwick , are you still carrying on about the place stinking ? ''
a place that elvis was now firmly convinced he would be seeing soon .
you remember what this place used to be like , do nt you ?
did nt she stink up the place something awful ?
proppland it was a dark place , darker than dark matter .
for such a tiny place , its got a lot of names .
mean place .
today , its one of the most densely populated places on earth , at 800 inhabitants per square kilometre four times the national average , but only two thirds as populated as bangladesh .
after saigon fell , the sleaze for which it had become notorious was cleansed and scrubbed with communist fervour and the city became a rather staid place in the eighties , with food rationing and five - year - plans the order of the day , but now the party in hcmc seems to have chosen to turn a blind eye to the open hedonism that would not be tolerated up north .
she was only wearing a blue , knitted sweater and a pair of jeans and still looked ten times better than all the walking tit - stands around the place .
they hate schools because they are hateful places that deny their humanity .
in many places , that process has already begun .
besides , there 's a lot of work to do to get this place straightened out .
they all smiled warmly at each other , thankful to live in such a great town - a place where creativity was n't just a business or an accounting system but a way of life .
he was , after all , the only reason the company existed in the first place .
she knew all about her friends ' childrens ' artwork , the movies they had seen , the places they had been .
the planets , stars , black holes , and antimatter , plus the respective residents of those cosmic bodies and entities , were not so nave , foolish , or deficient in any of their intellectual faculties to the point where they could logically entertain an idea so garish to the bastions of logic , but in this place , anything was possible .
the problem with places like that is that people just do nt have much interest in hearing about them , so long as they exist .
but what could you expect from a place that had only recently made the investment in an atmosphere ?
they , without fail , resolved themselves into the recollection of an event which had led him to attempt suicide in the first place .
my roommate plays the guitar and on a long bus ride through the fields of corn we decided to write a song dedicated to a place the coastal people think is ohio .
it is one of those places that makes kind people warn you not to go there , but you go there because they warned you not to and you have to see what is going on with all the badness .
in the shakespeare this place deserves its reputation as the asshole of england just for what it has done to my shoes .
i tell her i am a film - maker and that i need to make a movie about a place people do nt care about and i heard about this place .
i tell her i am a film - maker and that i need to make a movie about a place people do nt care about and i heard about this place .
they ve been watching the old movies and comics about this place .
it filled the room with its light and presence , lifting the spirits of those that saw it and instilling a belief that the universe was nt such a bad place after all .
mitchell was fed up with this place and its people and its stupid monsters .
truman found it reassuring that bad taste found its way even to places like archi .
now that place was tolerable .
he s a gay republican , of the lincoln - log cabin sort and he does nt like the lefty politics of the place .
no , i do nt have scabies in any of those places .
before you condemn me as a debtor , think about the credit companies who were remiss in their oversight and irresponsibly approved the issuance of my credit cards in the first place .
oh , san francisco , seductive urb - the genies of this place had cast a spell over me .
if switzerland is a place where passions run slower than molasses going down mont blanc in january , at least the swiss are nt as numerous as germans .
how come we never get hitched in a place like this ?
i have to admit that i m not the biggest fan of this place but its like i said before , i do nt have much choice in the matter .
well i had only gone and suggested that the african king should be , allowed to take it home with him and give it a proper burial ; after all it was stolen in the first place and brought back here only to be exhibited in a museum .
bearing in mind that the very reason i chose this backwater scenic route was the genuine lack of traffic to irritate me and this now seems to have been a big mistake , since there is little chance for a lift that will take me to some sort of civilisation from this place .
smoking is , certainly banned indoors here , just as the signs all over the place clearly remind you of a serious penalty if caught out and caught short with said fag .
it is surely time for us to leave this place and i am so relieved to find that charlie came to no harm that not only do i splash out for ice creams , but also a brand - new tractor with working headlights is called for .
perhaps he has a nose for weeding out the criminal types and i fit the bill , so maybe that is why he is following me around the place .
for i blindly drive on and hope for the best , at this rate i will probably end up in the middle of wales soon and as much as i like the place and the people , it is not where i need to be .
if you want to be here for a long time then you will just have to pray that we like being in the new place and do not want to come back .
she s already tried to steal my husband , so god only knows what she s taken from this place too .
i do not know , some people around this place have aspirations above their station if you ask me and mentioning no names but looking directly at the production manager when i think this . )
but i did once date an italian woman who had a couple in the most peculiar of places .
and yet ... he d been back in barcelona for months , a place that could ve been the frickin moon if stone - cold reality had anything to say .
buddy was known all those places .
i m just a student of that place , of larry , right ?
although often confused by many people not native to vegas , downtown and the strip are two entirely different places .
he remembered the script that needed to be award - winning and fruitful , bearing mental stimulation for all the respectable minds that dared to watch and offer positive critiques , and he remembered why he was there , in that log cabin , searching for baltazar garcia in the first place .
she returned the books to the sister who had lent them to her , and said , i 'd like some more of these kind of books about people and places .
i do n't know hardly nothing about the place where i live , and that makes me feel really stupid .
she did not mention that she , personally , did n't think she 'd been brought to this place by anything more than the fortunate chance that the lady who rescued her from that garage knew about this particular orphanage .
there are lots of places you have not seen .
mercy said , with her eyes closed and a rather amused look on her face , this place is kind of the diocesan doghouse .
we are already runnin ' the place on 30 % less than that .
when asked , most of the leaders of that faction expressed disdain for nuns and priests in general , and indicated that they were getting what they deserved for serving a vile institution like the catholic church in the first place .
his university background had not yet come out ; his living place and working conditions remained vague and undefined , but he never spilled details about his activities in china nor his mythical past , which had gone on over sixteen months in half - a - dozen cities in the continental u.s .
so in this sense there is a definitely english lit community , but of course by the time you reach this place you ve already made your first year and second year friends ; clearly life at the school is cross - disciplinary and more by personality choice rather than some insular group of lits who then square off into separate affiliations and cross - departmental cliques .
you ll never understand this place if you do nt pay attention to who is doing things as well as what s going on .
she fell in love with east taino right awaymaybe more in love with this place than him .
phyl and i love the place , but were still foreigners .
its kind of a miracle to find people you can get along with , in such a small place .
phyllisshe comes from a different place .
i mean , what i like about this place has a lot to do with the people , and suddenly here i was completely alone .
is it any wonder i absolutely love this place ?
if benny had had any sense at all about how things run here , he would have known that only goes to show you how little he regards this place .
i wish you were here right now so you could see this place .
you can indeed depend on the kindness of strangers when you re part of this special place .
this cat factory place is my real home ?
this place is unbelievably weird .
even if she could nt be on earth to be a part of it all , she was the one who threw the pebble into the pond and the ripple affect about to take place could not have , would not have happened without her .
if i ve got this right you re telling us that earth , human bodies , cats , trees , etc . , take a lot more energy to maintain than places like the cat factory .
he knew how it all worked but he d never actually admitted that he saw the whole process take place .
but here i am , and the place is going nuts over a little cuban kid .
she had to write her parents for money , but they had never wanted her to quit school in the first place and demanded that she move back to sarasota .
and it ends as soon as we understand what existence in the first place is for , or about .
in the first place , the last child , a daughter , nearly killed her mother .
you can already see the darkening process taking place .
it is only because stalin had died , and de - stalinization took place , with the profound change of attitudes that went with it , that i could succeed .
his disdain for people in general is what got him into veterinary medicine in the first place .
funny , the disdain mother always had for foreigners and she ends up living in a place she ca nt even pronounce .
i tend to believe that it is not the place that is really any different , but the people who live there .
then , when they were out like they are now , i justi just felt that there was so much more to the world and it was a beautiful place after all , emily said quietly as she held on to andrew .
i figure that there are a few things important in life : love , happiness , finding beauty in the world ( even when it seems like such an ugly , unkind place ) , and lastly hope .
its all your fault we have to live in this awful place !
the matriarchal mrs . edgecomb , widow of the formidable judge edgecomb whose strict calvinist discipline had driven pat into hippiedom in the first place , challenged her daughter to straighten out her life for her sons sake .
its a friendly place .
well , it will do no harm for you to look at the place .
this place has a pretty good reputation , i hear .
he liked his town , a place his ancestors had lived for well over three hundred years , always as obscure toilers .
she had not told the women about the rape , believing that they would blame her all the more for leaving them in the first place .
now was wartime and all the news was about pearl harbor , a place john , or jb , as his nickname had been shortened to , had never heard of .
rose of sharon stayed indoors most of the summer and then finally went out in august and was so struck by the beauty of the place that she lamented out loud having missed so much time .
this place just brought up too much childhood pain .
she would ask her father to take her away to another place , maybe the place where she had been born , far away from here .
we do live in a place of darkness , in which presumptions are mere will - o - the - wisps .
the reference made it sound circus - like , a barker yelling out come one , come all , see the place .
the whole place , the gym , the schoolhouse .
but he may have plenty to say about what he thinks is wrong or backward with the place .
one year he hauled his wood back into the far reaches of the place but the bark and all the dust made too much work in the spring .
i suppose you re living in the big city far away from this place are you not ?
they want you to think i m from a big populated place , but actually its a county seat .
the west was western kansas , of course , but there were other places , too .
go away to these places .
that was how he put it , early one afternoon , sitting at the nook in the back of the place where they could look out on the two acres of good creek - bottom pasture before the hills came down , as if to touch this place .
in other places there were ridges where the snow had melted down , he supposed , into a solid core .
he found a couple of farmall as back in the far reaches of the place , complete with cultivators , noted the teeth of several sickle - bar mowers standing at attention in the travel position , spotted a potato digger ( three point ) and an old pull - type mower conditioner with chunks of rubber missing from both rollers and tires before it was all over .
jimmie ever say anything about this place ?
the track was a rundown place with a bunch of riffraff and old men in dungaree hats .
his next ride was with an old man who looked a lot like the old lady and he also talked a lot : mostly about the weather and all the places he d been and what the weather had been like in those places .
his next ride was with an old man who looked a lot like the old lady and he also talked a lot : mostly about the weather and all the places he d been and what the weather had been like in those places .
danny kind of figured they were looking for an excuse to get rid of him and maybe he d needed one himself to get free of the depressing place .
this place is our home you know , the both of us .
she got a ride to the state hospital and visited her son one time but he ignored her and she left glad that at least he had a roof over his head and three squares a day and that in this place he even got some respect for he had his gardening chores and folks at the hospital were suitably impressed with his skill .
nature was perfectwhen human beings did nt interferebut he did nt expect anything close to perfection from the human world , the place from where pattis misunderstanding came .
it was a truly dismal place .
the conditions in which these people lived reminded chris of some of the places he d seen on the west coast where migrant mexican workers lived .
he had purchased them in kennebunkport , a classy place where two presidents had a vacation retreat and where people were of a higher caliber than the canucks from montreal who swarmed all over old orchard beach every summer .
virgie liked the place too and often visited .
even when scientists explain how it is possible that molecules grow more complex until they somehow have the ability to reproduce themselves , no one explains why or how there are molecules in the first place .
when we get those records from new jersey and from the hospitals and other places that were clients of ridlon recycling and start comparing the figures , they should tell us all we need to know .
going up the dark and narrow stairs , patti whispered , this place gives me the creeps .
i remember it was an awful place .
he clearly thought her brilliance would be wasted at a bible college , but the thought of those other schools scared her and she was happy to go to a place where she would be surrounded by people with familiar and safe beliefs .
the beautiful people walk around campus like they own the place , and were supposed to bow to them .
in a tone that that showed she really did nt want to talk about it , she said , oh , its a small place and everyone is pretty much the same .
said the place gave her the creeps and she turned right around and went back to annapolis .
anyway , she had to make soup out of those roosters and she froze all that soup because she had this big chest freezer on her porch and the hens , well they just did nt take to confinement , laid their eggs all over the place , in the hay in the barn , in the trees , we even found some in the doghouse .
glory wondered why anyone would leave such a beautiful place .
he had a thing about new mexico , land of enchantment , everyone comes here with illusions , its just a place , full of people who are just people .
the mountains here are so beautiful and i have been walking in them all this past year , in the snow , in the rain , even when there is thunder and lightening and everyone warns me that it is dangerous to be up there but still i walk in them and even in the hot sun which is closer to the earth here and hotter than other places .
the clockmaker , master of time , calmed and measured his too fast beating heart , breathing slowly , deeply and he tried to imagine the village of his youth , the place he had once longed to escape so he could see the larger world .
she told him how she had grown up in a world across the ocean where she did not feel she belonged and how she had come to this place which had been the place her fathers family had lived until they were all rounded up and killed .
she had given herself the name of brindisi after the town in italy from which she and her youthful husband had once embarked for greece , one of the too many places she had nt stayed .
no , i think you d have a more interesting book if you just let me tell you the secrets : kind of a rural peyton place , know what i mean ?
lots of folks made forays into the cities , to investigate careers in factory work , save up some money , maybe find a girlfriend after being rejected at home , but they all came back sooner or later , them that was really a part of the place anyway , would nt exactly call it a community but ok that was a good enough word , houston guessed , for what he was trying to get at : the people who left for good were never part of it anyway , kept to themselves , they noses in books moren likely , dreaming all the time of leaving , never really here .
and sara learned that when old ruby adkins finally died just short of a century , seven of her eight children wanted to sell the family farm , all 600 acres of good timber and cropland and take their share of the money to places like roanoke , virginia or baltimore , even as far as rhode island , leaving their eldest brother , robbie , homeless , not even knowing what to do with his share of the cash .
she had so many notes and she would wait to put them together like the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle , trying to find some explanation for the vast darkness of this place , when she got back to the university .
even years later , she knew this place literally like the back of her hand , like another body it had been to her , and she had dreamed of wandering in this place so many times it felt like she still lived half her life there .
you ve seen what this place has to offer .
arajinna , which we loveand do nt deny me that right ; i ve only been here three years but i feel part of this place .
i did sense some frustration in places .
that s why i d rather sell weatherlee than fight for a share of this place .
but , because he pushed me , we expanded the pork business , got some good crops in , and spruced up the place no end .
i looked back and the passengers on the coach were caught between the wonder of seeing a natural birth taking place , and the terror of death beyond the window .
do you think the greek knows about this place ?
she had heard me talk about the place plenty of times but she obviously was nt quite prepared for the reality of it .
yeah , the mad poet said , it ai nt a bad place .
she did nt hate the place like i did .
the place was getting cloudy with weed .
indeed , in a low voice confessed my friend tatyana , this place is , of course , quite scary .
dogs alone with their mournful howls showed at least some signs of life in this godforsaken place .
driving out of this god - forsaken place by back roads , we drove past a shabby , half tumbledown church , evidently built before the revolution .
she has taken a taxi out to the place where she was born , astonished that it is so close to the town when in her memory the car trip home took an age with the red ball of the sun pulsating in her eyes all the way .
i wish the place was a little nicer , he says .
gifts are coming at us from every direction ; thank yous are being called out all over the place .
maybe that s why we have very little loyalty to this place , and why its so easy to leave .
we ve lived in duluth longer than any other place , our daughter was born here , and we own a house here .
but , he adds , its only the lucky few who can actually call this place home .
we live in one of the most serene places in the country , and we experience natures beauty on a daily basis .
i take off my jacket , lay it on the couch , and immediately wish i had nt because the place ca nt be more than fifty - five degrees .
i remember these places as i scroll through a list of jobs available in the area , clicking on each one .
i tell them about my past and my love of salt spring and how i would like to return to the place where i spent many happy days .
we want to get a feel for the place .
they went like this : mam a teacher 's daughter , dad the son of a mechanic , mother in a rush to leave home and home 's regime sees this leather - clad young buck straddling a purple - tanked triumph come roaring with his desperadoes into town , one of those small places with leaky roofs , father with a cigarette behind each windy ear and a third wagging in his lips as he talked , conversation modelled on elvis movies , slouch on jimmy dean , mam totally head over heels for this fast bad person , hot for his motorbike , dad only too pleased to take her for a ride , mother - before she even knew it - with those high - waisted knickers round her white - socked white ankles and flesh - padded not foam - packed leather between her bandy legs , father yet to slow down , motoring like crazy , this his first time but he 'd never admit it , blood spotting the flattened grass , fake ladybirds beneath the sycamore tree mam had carved her initials in the weekend before , linking them with jg , jg the boy she was quietly , patiently hoping , despite herself , would turn into something other than a ridiculous plump baker 's boy , the same that was sitting in the tree while the biker and the saturday shop - assistant swapped fluids , dad grunting now , worried about grass stains on his knees , how cool or uncool they would look to his buddies , coming with a stiffening of the spine just as the boy jg landed on her hair and his jacket , mother screeching and father unplugging to rise and crack the interloper on his pug nose , eliciting a toylike squeak that mother would never forget , jg fleeing the woodland arena and his nameless rival to spread the tale of the teacher 's daughter and the escaped lunatic , her ruination and his branding , a host of fathers and brothers to scour with rusted shotguns and polished implements of garden and shed sharp at one end , mam and dad making a run for it , life in his bike as they sped off into a corpulent sunset ... and that 's how you were conceived ?
just goes to show , you live in a place your whole life so that you think you know it pretty well and yet all along there 's something like this lurking in the woods , big and imposing and impossible to miss .
yeah , but when you were writing it , did you ever think that you could just spend an entire book without the opportunity to branch out to different places ?
america was a greedy place , filled with greedy people .
this ram raji , however , had gone to the west as a young man , married a french woman briefly , lived many years in france ( hence the paris connection ) and had in his old age gone to the states to teach buddhism at a college in texas , of all places .
julia , on the other hand , was quickly going places .
he never wanted the meeting held in dublin , he still hated that place .
you just ca nt trust these places , i thought angrily , to take care of someone .
he was ready to believe that a place like this might not only harbor evil spirits , but they could easily possess an unsuspecting soul .
` ` the place is filthy . ''
` ` we 'll all pitch in tomorrow -- whip this place into shape in no time , '' kevin said .
he was quite pleased with his deal -- until he 'd found the rotting cat stinking up the place !
` ` there 's nothing good about that place , '' mother muttered .
and , do you know what , my young friend , my fifty - six year vacation in this place does nt even get counted among the losses .
chapter thirty masked confusion ddbunking classes again and grades will show it , but no one flunks out of this place and the adventure is worth itborrowed turtles car and drove downleft him a doorknob cadeau and then connected w / him when he went 2 the libraryplopped a big clue on his plate , but he remains cluelessnervous , slow 2 play , 2 politei sat on a bench by the h2o and got pretty sad and even angrier that 25 % of me is him1 out of 4 times i go left , its because of himi hate spidersmamasan does nt mind them4 all i know , grandmother ate themhows he feeldo 8 leg fuzzies freak him out ? he looks guilty and acts guiltyis that another of his gifts ? if so , i m not 2 impressed w / the package so farhow can i be a of him and he ca nt tell ? they say a mom can pick out her newborns cry in a nursery full of screaming babiesbut grampy does nt even get a twinge when almost 30 # s of his own dna is standing in front of him ? - obtuseabstrusesat on the bench flicking treat - size pieces of a stick at the duckseven they wised up after awhilewondering whether to say goodby to his - tory and saddle up or go blasting through his front door , ax in hand , yelling , grampy , honey , i m homelove melearn me hold meearn meim feeling like i m the only kid in amerika left w / all the 60s diseasesanomie , angst , dis - affected , disenfranchised , over - existentialatedeverybody my age is 2 busy downloading songs and fighting infections from their piercings and tattoos to even guess that life , life , might sucksometimes i think i just want to claim my seat.hey , lex , lux of my life , i m yours .
in some places those heads of state who ve been in power for decades are finding out the people they ve regarded as less than themselves have found a way to challenge their control .
addie had told him the name of the place , saying it was near louisville , which she pronounced lou - vull , like the middle syllable was nt worth the effort .
my lord , you could never get me to live in this place , blood mama said .
they got clinics all over the place down there that ll give it out to anybody .
glad to get out of that place , odyn said .
valkyrie is nt the kind of place for a kid like you , odyn said .
that place gets old real quick , you know ?
this place was a dream .
everyones going to be looking at this picture and go , holy , i got to check this sick place out .
she would miss this place , even though she had only been here for a few weeks now .
i like this place , pat said .
would it be better to just leave the place quietly and forget about pat ?
rebecca says that you might have lovers in new york , because it is such a place only i have to be a saint .
a rather boring place here , betty said and yawned .
pity that she felt so unhappy in such a pretty place .
its a very nice place .
i have read a lot about these places .
very nice place .
` ` nice place , '' said kevin .
it was obvious that she hated this place .
` ` no , but i ' ve heard that it 's a wonderful place . ''
i want to tell you about a town in the middle of a yawning countryside , a speck on a map , a place that smells like pungent manure and diesel .
she , of course , safely qualified this last conclusion by indicating that these images were merely interweaving with what her sleeping brain dreamed would be the real - world events taking place after her death , if there was an afterlife , that is .
blokes like charlie magro do nt simply go to a place like arajinna and drive past banabrook .
its hard for strangers to go unnoticed in a place this small , max added .
we may as well get my gear in and shut the place early .
the lansing family must have had money because they were nt farmers and the orchard would never have supported themnot living in a big place like that .
not unusual in a place like this , paul .
` ` i worked several places .
in fact in the winter this is a lot better than most places .
most places that have happy hour have it around five o'clock i think , when people are getting off work .
you think this whole place be a big disneyland ride . ''
it 's a nice place , st . lucy .
` ` place is built like a prison , too , '' sheppard goes on .
america ca n't compete with places like that with these unions on our back .
` ` i do n't know about the hospitals really , but those other places , that 's good .
after applying to a few places in richmond , her talent caught the eye of one of the local shops .
we thought a gang kicked down the front door and started shooting the place up .
the news was blaring it all over the place .
i would nt worry about ditching this place a little early everyday .
but , since i always looked at you as a trendsetter rather than a follower , i m going to ask you to think about the shepherd who s making the big choices in this place .
but such places do exist , harold contended .
besides , its not like drew just became a menace around this place .
but let me you remind you , cobbs , i m not exactly head chief on the totem pole around this place .
the truth of the matter is that she does nt have any more respect for you than anyone else around this place .
there s a sense of betterment in this place .
heck , i m willing to bet the faculty gossips as much as the kids around this place .
look , if you have so much work to get done around this place , how do you find the time or energy to stalk me ?
that s par for the course around this place .
but if you want to get a nose full of foul scents around this place , search no farther than the boys locker room after gym .
as i told you right from the beginning , he advised , you got to be a lot keener than that when focusing your eyes on things around this place .
how can i expect you to concentrate on the mischief of this place when you re worried about your own health , right ?
you can play the role of a humanitarian if it makes you feel better , cobbs , but once you put two feet back on the ground , unlike most of the phonies floating around this place , you ll see justice as it really is .
you see this place as good ?
it then occurred to me why crusoe had referred to this region as a place of despair .
it was sunny and pleasant and beautiful in both places to be sure , but the site of the atlantic ocean with sand pushing up between your toes on a spectacular moonlit night was something you could only get in florida .
she had short , closely cropped brown hair , wore very sensible shoes as i recall , and she strode through the hospital like she owned the place , commented the young doctor .
it was the same old place he had known his whole life , and he inevitably found himself drawn back to the book bruce had given him .
if you could be with your wife in purgatory , a place that might not be very nice or pretty in many ways , a place that might actually be very frightening , a place that could even be dangerous to your mortal soul , would you be willing to go there to be with your wife ?
if you could be with your wife in purgatory , a place that might not be very nice or pretty in many ways , a place that might actually be very frightening , a place that could even be dangerous to your mortal soul , would you be willing to go there to be with your wife ?
if you could be with your wife in purgatory , a place that might not be very nice or pretty in many ways , a place that might actually be very frightening , a place that could even be dangerous to your mortal soul , would you be willing to go there to be with your wife ?
that still does nt explain comin ta this place fer no good reason at all .
we all just laid there on our bellies without gettin up or lookin round for three whole days , an i think most a us thought bout home an our families , or our sweethearts that we were goin ta make a family with as soon as we got out a that place .
we all felt a little guilty , like we had nt done anythin ta deserve what he d done fer us , an we all felt like it should ve been one a us who died in that place , cause he was a really good mani call him a man now cause that s what he wasan we all knew that he was one a the finest we d ever met , even before we left on that mission , but that did nt keep us from givin him the cold shoulder while we were at the base an going out a our way ta make him feel unwelcome .
look son , home is nt just a place where , peter began but was cut off by the slamming door and the rumbling of the engine .
i d always written him off because he was just like all the other nuts in that place , but now i do nt know what to make of him .
i still have a hard time thinking of this place as home , that s all .
he s from saudi arabia or iran or one of those places you know , and we were going to all go out and have a snowball fight or make a snowman or something like that .
for hannah the experience was like stepping into a foreign country ; a place that shed visited years ago but never warmed up to .
but now that i ve lived all these years in this sad place , i do nt know if i should think of going back to dust as a curse anymore .
all he wanted to do was get the shots and then get out of this place , the greyest , coldest , windiest place in sweden , swan land .
all he wanted to do was get the shots and then get out of this place , the greyest , coldest , windiest place in sweden , swan land .
anyway , it must be thirty years ago now and , those days i was in the north , great little shack i had , and the shooting was good , and yes , he was coming to see the place , the big man from washington , so we was all looking forward to that .
a week later it was , i was asked to come by the mail office by the mail man - we did n't have any cops around the place - and when i got down there , there were two federal marshals , they just picked me up and put me on a plane .
he then told her what a great place he thought sweden was .
linda s ended up in marseille , of all places , with , not the milkman , but a pied - noir gangsta .
this place is so small , i say .
i just want to be able to go places .
its hard to deal with the unrelenting discomfort of a place like bangkok .
most of the good places we visited , we heard of from other travellers .
if he ripped the place off , he could sit tight for a few years and let things cool down .
it would take a big explosion to blow the door , neighbouring alarms would go off all over the place .
this place has it alla barbershop , a dentist , even a school .
he talks about places he s seen during his travels : abandoned houses , ghost farms 20 miles from the nearest towns , sprawling dirt - scratch ranches in the treeless sandhills grassland , where cattlemen pull winter calves in the hard crystal air , a hundred miles from good medicine .
and a place like this , its hard to imagine what it must have been like .
you think you can just burn the whole place down ?
such acts were common in that place .
the place probably did n't even exist anymore .
it must have been , all those places have blandly clever little puns for names .
not for them , but for this , he gave the dirt an emphatic thump with the butt of his rifle , for this place .
he wrapped his arms around her and he held her and she let him for a time , until the sun went down beneath the city and there came in its wake a true darkness as deep and long as any that had been known in that place , and then she left him there .
in some places race and religious riots as sides takenby- force : hospital doctors , and electrical engineers ; architects and builders their work undone gone to help the last emergency emergency - services attacked for trying to save police or army casualties and the - demonstrators !
the place had a sort of amber glow on such a day .
it was a strange sight for me because in other places bums usually harassed or entertained for money , but not here .
as soon as i was done eating my plain curly fries jackie asked me , are you up for a short road trip to some places just outside the city ?
the suburbs the neighborhood looked a lot like the place i grew up in .
a scruffy faced person who smelled like spilled bong water and beer anf spoke with an australian english accent stated , i believe that poverty in my country is basically reflective of what i ve seen in most westernized places like the united states and england .
sweden , or some such place , answered flannery .
he thinks you ll really go places .
he wondered why this was taking place .
some celebrities i could name are more famous for being famous than for what brought them to fame in the first place .
to me , this is a familiar antechamber , the threshold to deeperor loftier , depending on viewstates , where i am now heading to contemplate , again , the best path to take in the current world , this modern and cynical place , in order to shed it some light .
besides , he loved the place , it had grown a part of him , as much as a leg or an arm .
heavy , and now all empty , the shock of what had taken place settling in , replacing everything else .
fact : something else had taken place , had triggered the boy , had pushed him beyond mere savant .
its a wonderful place .
or any other place else he knew , for that matter .
this place is crowded , of course ; not even a real hospital , but that s december for you .
for , of course no real melting , as science would have it , takes place ; nothing overheats to the point of liquid and runs away .
he was certain this was taking place .
and so he looked back , harder and more thoroughly than ever at what had taken place .
and being hammered is what drove us apart in the first place .
its a muddy , salty place , but i do hope you like it .
you ll never have nice things , lizzie , not with a job like yours , you re not going places , you should be looking around .
is that how students dress , helena , and i thought oxford was a smart place , its meant to be is nt it ?
i thought if i met you , one of your walks , i hoped why here , stephen , why did we come here , this place storsea ?
the mumta , the outlander once told him , are really from a place far away from here , across the sea , but if you told any of them that , they would likely stare at you in disbelief , since all of their historical records have been purposefully altered by the elders of their tribe .
you probably did nt see it as a paradise , but i can not help doing so , for my village was , by comparison , a terribly cold and barren land : a place that , if you visited it now , would seem like a rendering in shadow of something that never was .
vasalla was probably a different place then .
the world is a scary place .
but here , leaning his head up against the stanchions of the promenade deck railing looking out at the endless water he realized , for the first time that he can recall , that the world was a very large place , near enough endless .
this was not the time to begin explaining all that had taken place , if that were even possible .
standing by her living room window , catching a brown and watery glimpse of the east river these many years later , she knew it to be a bad place .
in the light of day ( i say light of day though it is still dark outside ) it is hard to believe that it all took place .
i m in a little place called gagnef .
he spent his summers here , in this magical place , and this is where he wrote most of his work .
those of us stuck in it after the threatened tide of wealth receded called it the sub - suburbs , and it was the kind of place in which a sow and a spoiled sorority princess and a car - graveyard owner and even an angel might accidentally share an adventure and each be the better for it , if they lived to tell .
he ended up doing poorly ; he dropped out ; he ended up back in the sticks , in that wide hot , hollow place , that suburb on the edge of nowhere , where time passed slowly and half the people were struggling to pay their bills and the other half were feeling sorry for you and offering to place you in this or that family friend 's law office so you could make a few bucks doing nothing until you got your head on straight and got let back into the respectable school .
it sounds made up but in the inner city where blaise and jude first grew up lots of things sounded made up , in that place where some immigrants gave themselves new names like buck and phil and larry to fit in and start over and seem ready to be american .
she was too good for this place .
and after maybe half a year the day arrived for his plan to come to fruition - the reason he had restarted the old business in the first place .
this place will kill you .
but i told her i had grown up in that little parish in the near north of the city and she nodded and said she knew that place , that she had some girl friends who went there , or had gone there , before they moved away , and after a while she let me follow her home , and i saw her safely to the driveway of her parents ' house and got out and awkwardly said good by , and then all the way back on my drive to the sub - suburbs i felt an insane burning inside me and knew i was madly in love .
ray jr . has no skills , but the sheer indolence of the place lives up to his aptitudes .
red goo all over the place .
that place was a shit hole .
lily and i are going to whip the place into shape , right lily ? at this , julia smiles and nestles back into her pillow .
the missionaries brought this buttoned - up religion from europe , and places like totudi undid it , loosened it , wrapped it around themselves , and gave it a whole new shape .
was he wishing that he was far , far away from this accursed place perhaps with an ocean between it and him ?
he puffed his cheeks , exhaled , wagged a finger , and said , youngster , this is a terrible place .
earlier , she had been looking bored and diffident , toying with a pencil and staring into space , as if she was thinking about places that were far more pleasant than this one .
you probably know the place .
she stopped , shrugged , and said , i thought perhaps i could support some of the people i knew and help to make keretani a better place as well .
it is a cute place , for sure .
the place will close when independence comes , anyway .
there are delegations from european and american ngos and churches all over the place .
thinks her about departing it was not badly , the summer and the borders it arrived for estranging us from the habit of the place where we lived there were broadly .
the adopted attitude of absolute formal composure had probably slashed almost all the desire of gossip of ; besides fdp was in travel allowance and this halved of fact my problems of survival in that place .
the sky had clouded and even if it was not able whether to be warm , the summer is seemed whether to disappear leaving the place to a sea light in autumn .
i always risk to burst from a moment to the other and i am so crushed by the weight and by the stress of the place where i work that it will go to end that i will ruin forever me the life .
i have asked to gianca how come anybody he / she remembered the place in comparison to our preceding trip .
lignano as town it does n't differ then very from the places of the coast romagnola .
it did n't have all the blames in to wonder because i / you had dragged her in that place .
i d like to see the place again .
this place forced him to regress to the teen years .
you could nt stand this place .
you got ta love this place .
i had delusions of an actual road into this place .
i thought you were sick of this place ?
no , i will talk to the sheikh , he says in a loud voice.this annulment can not take place .
that place is a firetrap and you know it .
at place du tertre , she enjoyed a glass of white wine , and saw the prettiness of the place , and sighed and could nt relate to it .
but i worked in the louvre , so i know what a nice place is .
highways , commercial buildings , hotels and houses were all over the place .
and i do nt think we the townspeople really do , because the attractions were made up , assembled , decreed , amalgamated from all over the place , in say 2000 bc assyria , or 900 ad saxony , or 218 bc rome , or 300 ad turkey or 1843 england , all light years away in culture and consciousness .
well , as you can see , its a lovely place .
though if you look hard enough , american history is full of places like this .
in a lot of places in south america .
they tore the place up pretty bad .
up in canada , they got a place called banff that s got lots of jobs for waitresses .
we do nt want to have to pay george feely to run the gas all over the place .
otherwise the place would be an oven in the summer and a deep freeze in the winter .
she was used to boys in area place trying to talk to her , but a boy like eric , asking for her phone number !
so now , as she sat at the window , tracy sighed and nursed the irrational thought that no one in area place liked her anymore .
they were passing houses as large as a whole apartment building in area place , houses that could hold two or three homes the size of aunt madges house .
and then she thought of her own home , mamas miserable tiny apartment in area place , and tracy sullivan made a decision : she definitely would listen to miz grace .
i do nt have no fun in area place !
what s this place coming to , anyway ?
once , in a movie , they called this place a bog of eternal stench ; it reminded her of her mother .
i love this place , and i love the kids i teach .
this was a place where everyone knew everyone 's business .
so the next morning you are down in the reefer decks with mike and leonard and a black seaman named ames who is really the first black guy you ever worked with upstate new york being a pretty white place anyways .
his company commander was this old bastard , been in the navy for twenty - some years and late at night in the office he told these guys this story about how he got out of basic in 67 and got orders to a shore det [ 43 ] in a place called khe - sanh [ 44 ] just a few days before the viet cong or someone surrounded the place for seventy - some days , and this guy had to learn how to shoot because they do nt teach you that in navy basic except for shooting some little .22 for one day .
so with the sun coming up you rowed the gun boat toward the shore slow as shit with these little paddles and a big boat and drifting on the slow current as every second you could see the trees a little more and then the boat got stuck on some sand bar still about twenty yards from the beach where the fuel was and so the chief made you and this black guy , conner or something like that , jump out of the boat into the hot water and sinking into the mud and slog your ass to the beach and into the jungle and roll the drums back into the water with the stink of the place in your nose and then float them mostly underwater out to the boat where you climbed up the ladder and pulled a couple leeches off your legs and then you all hauled the drums up over the gunwale and into the stern cockpit and then pumped the fuel into the tanks and shifted weight to get the boat off the bar and it took about half an hour or maybe an hour and by the time you were done the sun was all the way up as your boat spun around floating down the river .
in case you are reading this in some time when atlantia has re - submerged just as the scientists had predicted , there are a few things you should know about that wonderful little place .
i , as well as many others i am sure , had heard nothing but terrible stories about such places .
though i think it could do without the portraits of the other governors hanging all over the place .
` ` jesus , i hate this place .
davey could have a horse of his own and he 'd grow up in a lovely clean place .
i reckon yer best not to see what went on in this place . ''
` ` do n't look lad , this place is a flamin ' slaughter - house , '' said paddy shielding davey from seeing what littered the floor .
i ' ve been worrying whilst yer were gone about this poor girl stuck up in carnatic , i reckon that if the shyman 's prowling round the sooner yer get her out of that place the better it 'll be for her .
he lay on his bed thinking about what was taking place .
ai 'll go up to carnatic right now , i 'll try and get her out the place , @ said davey .
@ ayou would be aware from your former work with us that if you had become possessed then you would not be aware that such had taken place ?
@ ayer right lad , but he could n't get out the place quick enough for that monkey on guard duty not to see what he was up to and give him a flippin ' shower .
the old man replaced the oars in their rowlocks should they need to perform any sudden manoeuvre , athere is a fine stench to this place , @ he said .
and i tell you i ' ve seen some strange goings - on in that place .
these were the places i never even went when i was homeless , much less now .
this place is actually incredibly boring .
this is a terribly boring place , would nt you agree ?
not out here in brookton , but in another little place called parker .
like a kid who grows up in a place like this where all you do is drink and fuck will end up better than a kid growing up in a city .
david had actually been optimistic those first few days in this new place .
he realized he was actually getting used to this place and dreaded the idea of more upheaval .
you were right , its a terrible place .
he takes a girl from tuscany , one of the most beautiful places on earth , and moves her to north mississippi ?
shed gone to the old earth commune to find some friends , but the place was full of baptists .
i hear tell there s this place in france that also claims the name , but this is the original .
its been quite a while since i last had official business in the lyceum , and i ca nt say that i ve missed the place .
the problem with this place is that nobody can take a fucking joke .
its not that big a place .
lucky for us the world is a big place .
the chief is now moving through the room shaking hands with other patrons , stopping for quick chats with various groups of diners , laughing , slapping shoulders , commiserating with citizens complaints over what a dangerous place oxford has become under sheriff claprood , promising ( once elected ) to return the town to its former covert - beer - swilling glory .
leo ignores my eminently reasonable point about his not exactly being incognito around the place .
i was both surprised and pleased to receive your letter last week yes , it did reach me and to learn that you re happy , settled in a better place than charlottesville , still practicing ( despite the odd turn our therapeutic relationship took , you still helped me more than any other psychologist did more on that later ) , and apparently in love .
i hear its a nice place .
well , maam , i would nt count on him doing much work around the place from now on .
ticketing agent : kane hailand , the jester , buying a one - way ticket to a place he 's never heard of- wow .
makhraj was unlike any place he had ever seen- a modern city built to mirror the shade of stone .
alma : that 's why this place is the most wonderful .
this place might as well have been another planet- aliens and all .
hank : i loved that place , man .
when colling pointed out that her grave would be in pennsylvania , the doctor advised that perhaps a visit to the place where the accident had occurred might be a substitute .
there is no sign that the russians know that this has taken place .
colling found it hard to imagine why anyone would locate a school in a poor village such as this place .
and i laugh at the irony ; in that the place where i sold my virginity - a place i thought i d never see again - is the very place that provides this service .
even though there were humane society inspectors all over the place , he kept ordering that nobody hurt the horses .
he and his men will rob the bank and businesses , then turn this place into their own private sweatshop .
she knew that the master creators had somehow influenced humanity , and she desperately wanted to know what had taken place .
you do nt know anything about this place do you ?
in some places earthquakes moved the land at two - hundred miles per hour .
yes , he thought , ill be sorry to leave this place , and jamie .
my aunt told me barbie wanted to move to philadelphia , and in her high , musical voice she told me she liked new places , and that the idea of moving to philadelphia sounded like fun .
nikki asked me , how much has joanie told you about this place ?
this place and the stuff that happens here , they can make you feel all kinds of things .
` ` i think i ' m going to like this place , '' he thought to myself .
jules , you absolutely have to come to this place soon ; it really seems like a place you d love .
of course , nobody in our class gave a shit ; we were all too busy hurrying the bell so we could get out of the place .
however , it soon became clear that we were being affected by this place .
places like aslans country and the heaven mentioned in their ancient family bible could be equally imaginary .
and if champaign was merely a town , then a place like tillsburg was even lessa moribund , dying village barely left over from another era .
you ca nt set your story in zurich in the early 1900s if you have no feel for the place .
stats are bad for places like this .
i mean , fuck this place .
and yet it is such places , when you pass through , as a wanderer driven by searches , that make you develop the need to know what faces may tell you .
there is a sense of scepticism in you about that place .
this is the place , and the place does nt hire scrub bands .
this place is a dump , abbey shrieked .
we did a couple originals by seth , next a medley of old stones songs , during which the place went wild .
in addition to this place being a war zone , there s ghosts around here .
there were flyers all over the place .
this place is bitchin , he said .
boy oh boy , this place is mondo out in the boonies .
perhaps she would go back to the clinic to speak with some of the young women , although she dreaded the thought of setting eyes on that horrid place again .
there is no censorship or direction to the content but organic evolution of content is taking place .
they could get a perfectly good education by applying themselves to their fullest abilities at any reasonable state school , or a modest place that came with scholarships .
even after dad died , after she retired , she had people to see and places to go .
the pair of them now liked to take trips together mom finally , in her late 50s , getting a chance to explore the sorts of places she had only read about .
but he acted like he owned the place , like the city was his own playground , like everything old was just going to fall , to be replaced by new stuff that catered to the high tech world .
all those people , driving giant suvs , laying down wads of cash to get the fanciest booze in the place .
mom surely would have liked this place .
the fact remains , the patient died shortly after the application of a therapy , that should never have been tried in the first place .
do you believe this place , said kaylee as they slowly approached the entrance .
they each called home a number of times since they arrived just to relay to their parents and friends what this magnificent place was like and promising to bring them along the next time to experience this wonderful hideaway in the mountains .
kaylees biggest fear was that he would start delving into her past and want to know information about her or why she was at the lodge in the first place , but to her surprise so far it was a very pleasant two - hour dinner filled with laughter and just plain one - on - one talk .
so many of the college guys just wanted to drink a beer and jump in the sack ; their immaturity turned her off completely which is why she rarely dated in the first place .
it seems a young naval officer was tragically killed by his mistress while staying at the lodge and the press was all over the place covering the story .
they continued to see each other over the next couple of weeks before he shipped back overseas to.well i ca nt remember what she told me , some place in europe and he d be gone for three months and then he would be getting his papers and getting out of the service for good .
at that moment she knew she needed to end the meeting and absorb in her mind what had just taken place .
it had been twenty years since he had been spirited away from the island , but home is a place one seldom forgets .
besides , looks like that place is history .
no one got involved any moretoo many good samaritans had not survived their helpful impulses in this place .
yes , its a rich valley , a beautiful place , but that is just part of the picture ; the power outages reveal other things too , the not - so - pretty ones that burgeon in the dark alongside all that natural beauty .
its foolish to say love concerning places you ve not experienced .
none of them could ever pack a suitcase with their best dresses and get on a plane for a weekend of adventure in a new place .
it made her grandparents even more wary , half the reason she took it up in the first place .
this place looks like fucking june cleaver moved in and she s , she s julias tone was soft , but she pointed with vehemence .
i ve called lee , she s watching the place .
man , i hate that place .
this place is pretty freaking bucolic !
miami has to be the tackiest place i ve ever been , i ca nt see them buying your paintings , added fat boy , goat man smiling .
charley was obvi - ously enamored with the country life , a place and a people much more in sync with what she had imagined spain to be .
a village in fiestas changes , it becomes something else , transcending the heavy weight of tradition and entering into a world of drunken pleasure , long meals , old friends and people from other places .
go places .
it was a beautiful place ; the evening was warm , with a soft breeze blowing .
sage was glad he did nt have to survive alone in this harsh place .
in the big cities back east , they have places called banks , where the bank keeps your money , charges you for keeping it , and then charge you again for taking it out .
the good thing in india is that majority of women are struggling and waging a lonely and quiet resolve to change things and make the place become suitable to their ways of life .
they also raised large harems and exceptionally beautiful women from all over the places would be forcibly housed in them .
and most amazingly , she has adapted so well to the life in village as if she belonged to the place since ages .
most of the time , though , frank just leans on the bar and does nothing , because the crane moves so slow on its tracks poor frank would die if he had to haul his stomach up and down the ladder all day , but the good thing about that is frank has a good view of the place , and does a good job of warning us with a quick blast of the horn whenever we need to look sharp for the boss .
the place has really gone to hell .
has nt been laid in years , but wo nt settle for anyone but the most beautiful woman in the place .
look , you care about this place , schulke said .
no doubt he cursed every brick and blade of grass from the inside of his prison cell , plotting revenge on the place .
now , i think a drink is in order , come to my office lionel and lets catch up on the old place .
i would nt want to give you a coronary like my poor grandpapa , one such death in a week is surely enough for the old place .
i never did understand why the old man forked out on a memorial for them , they tried to blow the place to smithereens , said the viscount .
what on earth could have taken place ?
that whatever had taken place between them had happened since stephen and jane began dating .
after all , there was a good chance that stephen would be none the wiser about the events that had taken place .
jane had been quite explicit in her claims of what had taken place , hurling them at peter with no regard for the neighbours ; or maggie for that matter .
careful not to analyse the situation too much , maggie was certain that jane had made a crude remark about what had taken place when she had come on to peter .
if you ask me , i reckon summerland sounds like a much better place , so i m glad he s there instead .
that 's why the place is such a shithouse . ''
i m registered as staff and do a lot round the place .
everyones done this place .
new york and other states will need to know you ve played these places .
i would nt care if i never saw this place again , linda said , her tone dour .
she had grown increasingly bored with touting the beauties of a grecian coastline and giving suggestions for what to bring on a saharan adventure ; one , because she had never been to either of these places and two , because the idea of traveling by guidebook left her numb .
the bag bettina carried with her was little and attractive , leather with a double buckle , a bit worn - in , it told strangers she was experienced , that she had been places and survived , and she liked that .
the energy is stirred there in the afternoons by people doing tai chi , so the air is less evil than other places .
i felt such a darn fool hanging around that wine - bar , waiting , while every drunken lecher in the place tried to pick me up .
bitter experiences were why he had left home in the first place .
anyhow , this is what i learned about new suicide ways : from what i understand , assisted suicide is legal in some places like switzerland .
he told her stories about places he d visited .
the place became less strange , and the people less formidable .
here , i know , i am of none , and yet i love the place so well . ''
` ` the place , fanny , is what you will not quit , though you quit the house .
` ` i wish you could see compton , '' said he ; ` ` i never saw a place so altered in my life .
` ` sincerely , do not you find the place worse than you expected ? ''
he is used to much gayer places than mansfield . ''
mansfield was an altered place ; the spirits of many were saddened .
i had forgotten having ever told you half so much of the place . ''
the place deserves it .
` ` have you ever seen the place ? ''
yes , that is a place , indeed , and we had a charming day there .
the only certainty to be drawn from it was that nothing decisive had yet taken place .
there can be no doubt that he would have gained more success , especially when that marriage had taken place , which would have assisted him by subduing her first inclination , and brought them very often together .
they have huge apartments in yaletown and mansions in shaughnessy , posh places like that .
by arriving early at a destination to suss the place out , awkward types such as himself felt more in control of the situation and were able to cope better .
on occasion glen , too , was drawn to people watching , although he usually wound up looking about apprehensively and wondering : how the hell am i going to survive this place ?
hoping no cops showed up to hassle her , to humiliate her , though whalley should be a place full of police .
she was fifty years old and in this place where she used to make out with gene , he guessed she was starting to remember her teenage heat .
this place does things to people .
the anthony incident had been impulsive but real , while george felt more and more like an exotic wilderness tour of a place she knew she would never want to stay long .
the places she had seen as a guest and a visitor suddenly seemed to have become extensions of her own life .
this place does weird things to time .
boxes in boxes in boxes , and amanda noticed the boxes for the first time and the motel room felt very small and empty compared to the places they had visited that day , compared to the farm they had left behind .
you have any idea what this place is all about ?
maybe its because this place is just so different .
why and how it was only sometimes , some places , why it was easy to be hard , easy to be cold blooded was impossible to understand or accept .
in canada , unlike most places , it was expected and understood that who you had been was a big part of who you might be .
if you do nt come , you ll be betraying every feeling anybody has ever had for you in this place .
amanda realized suddenly , that what the farm was to the city , miss browns place was to the farm .
i strongly believe i do nt belong in a place like this .
sometimes i wonder about the very few older men you see about the place ; how it must be to be one of the few men who did n't happen go to france and fight , for whatever reason .
i hope she is being treated well in such a place .
some say it is the reason we first began to build the walls in the first place , back in the nineteen - twenties and thirties .
it is probably best not to mention too many place names either .
the hospital was such a very grim place ; all dark corridors and dampness everywhere .
i am sad to report this to you j , but i must be honest and tell you that it is one of the most dreadful places i have ever seen .
on the other hand there is a certain despair in my heart that she is a prisoner in such a foul place .
occasionally , we even hosted small gatherings for some of nikolaus friends , those men who helped out in the workshop when neededsantas elves , as you might imagine thembut really just his drinking cohorts ; a hardworking , hard - drinking crew of misfits who , like me , had found themselves trapped in this mythical place .
she knew he was devastated by what had taken place that day and she was probably the only one who he would even talk to .
they immediately rang the nurses bell to let them know she was awake as jay held her hand and tried to explain what had taken place the day before .
sure their fingerprints are over the place but its her house and were all there all the time .
to my beloved mom and my dearest michele , the world is a better place without don carlton in it .
his heart would be blissful and ridden with despair all at once at seeing again those faces ; at revisiting those places which he knew so well he d thought very little of them at the time , but which , now awakened an inexplicable stirring of sentimentality .
he had studied many of them , but they each came from different places .
there was something soothing about the music which somehow caused bunnu to remember simpler times in his own life : his days back in bahlia before the chance to leave finally came upon him ; those days before he had taken that irreversible step , leaving behind his childhood , leaving behind a place which would seem to him very different , years later , when he finally returned and had the chance to view those once - familiar surroundings for the very first time with the eyes of a young adult .
naturally , wanting a fresh start in a new place , as far away as possible from the personal shame of his previous life , he signed up for duty on a freighter which was scheduled to have its last fueling stop in yami before proceeding to the outlands to dump its cargo of industrial waste canisters .
if you have nt noticed , i m getting a bit up there in years and i could use a young lad like you to help keep the place standing in the offseason .
he had spent too long in this place , pretending to be someone he once was .
the under city was an unrelenting place he never wished to visit again .
i come from a place far away , however the town i was born in is not where my family originated .
certainly i can speak the yamian dialect and mimic the facial mannerisms of yamian people , but i can never connect enough with the language or culture of this place to adopt it on anything deeper than the conscious level .
the akbars shut the place down and bought a small theater across the river in xami , which they hoped to expand and make into a proper opera house for larger , more dignified audiences .
all i ve ever wanted was to get away from this place , and now that i have a chance , i m scared about it .
it was an aching residual trust that once and for all this place can change you and make you who you want to be .
we had parties but they are tame compared to this place .
what is taking place this evening ?
i asked , because i remembered it was why he d left camden in the first place , even before finishing high school .
but he had not been convinced , had seen the world as a hostile place , full of petty thieves and liars , poverty and sickness .
these places were usually swarming with violent thugs and had little to offer beyond basic survival instincts .
it was important not to lose sight of this point of reference - the moor was an inhospitable place and had no mercy on stray travellers .
in the silent pause just before daylight , he came to the conclusion that the palace of white where ron had beaten rich and left him for dead was not a place .
i m no luddite , nor do i pine for an imaginary past that never existed in the first place , and at the same time that pittsburgh was teaming with people who created things with their hands , the lower half of the country was still covered in the pox of segregated bathrooms , and restaurants , and schools ... the memories of the good old days are a balm for people who want someone to blame , when we are all to blame .
it was hard to look busy in a place where they were nothing to do .
carlos knew at once that something was wrong , very wrong , with this place .
he responded in a fading mumble , we spent time with some friends different places a little time in johannesburg now and then .
twelve of us went to fix the place up , remodel old houses so families could have more decent homes , that sort of thing .
staring out at trees being pushed around by the oklahoma wind , he said , i know its ridiculous , but i m a bit angry with god for allowing the world to become such a disillusioning place and for letting me get so frigging disillusioned .
the reports in the states make it sound like there are riots all over the place .
our dear government cares little about this place or the people in it .
this terrorist would let them go back and share his marxist philosophy and warnings to his white enemies but not that day , not the next day , and not until they were far away from this place .
i m sorry , sarah , but there are things i just do nt get about this place .
i should just give it up and leave things as they are just forget about this place and everything that s happened here .
it is good that you have liked this place and happy about your stay here so far .
it is good that you have liked the place .
the place you are , india , had thriving and very intelligent civilization dating back 5000 years .
the place is too good to be real .
he belongs to this place .
i want to see the place .
madam celebrity , this small place called hollywood is not where you belong and it surely has not made you a celebrity .
this place , the life here , the people , even me , you have liked and enjoyed because you found utility in them .
when you were only six years old we visited the place and your mother was then with me .
everybody thinks this place is no good .
meredith liked to think that we were of another place , the edge of our country , the farthest removed you could be physically and culturally from the power centers of the east coast .
we were of a place somewhat comfortable with its neighbor , mexico , when the rest of the country had absorbed little of their culture .
arizona is jam - packed , simply loaded with cowboy princes , mother claimed happily , starting her version of a folk tall tale , a ridiculous story on a hot afternoon in the summer of 1962 , why , the place is so crowded with them that its a wonder anyone else has got an inch of space to call their own .
we had landed in an exotic , american place , where people drifted in and out to spend their winter days reclining on lawn chairs under the intense sun .
it irritated me that they were so preoccupied with what was going on in the midwest , in the small towns they came from , that they still got their hometown newspapers delivered to arizona , that they were less than completely western the way their children were , that they were still harkening back to places where grassy lawns without patio walls and lightning bugs that children caught in bottles were the norm .
i had no pity for them , for their obvious distress and dislocation , and if they did nt relish the dirt lots of our part of the country i wanted them to quiet about it , to stop discussing the other places with their green lawns , to stop dumping colored gravel on the desert , and i could nt forgive them for still wanting to be what they once had been .
i m born in the desert , a place which others think is stripped and alien .
the arizona i knew was a place of quality people .
i like a good story as well as anyone , kid , but i do nt want this place to seem to be nothing but cowboys .
this place is a freak show , he told us when mrs . jones left us alone for a few minutes .
during a windy parade , 1964 , an old navajo gentleman completed a sand painting in the window of a department store ; the big stores in downtown tucson hired the sand painters during rodeo week when crowds of snowbirds , many of them fresh from that dreadful place called back east , milled their cold corpses around the streets of downtown soaking up our bright , ebullient february sunshine , that valuable solar benefit which poured itself in great liquid lumps onto our colorful but slightly disheveled streets .
indians do nt feel the heat like ordinary people would because they have some special blood from living around here for so long , ah , blood that s better for this place than any of us have .
we did nt give a hoot about any dumb old eastern states or anybody who lived in them nor did we care anything about them ; they were just dumb old places that tried to rule the whole country all the time and succeeded , much to our frustration and growing feelings of cultural impotence .
the place resembled a parallel universe where conventional rules of social etiquette did nt necessarily apply .
henry and i d be unemployable if not for this place .
visiting those places was a let down , honestly .
maybe ill get more of a sense of the place walking around .
so then we came here , having both had enough of walking around the touristy part of monterey with no real sense of the place .
but also , both her parents felt like they had come to a fine place that was hardly worth leaving .
he took a deep breath and said without looking at me , that used to be a terrible place .
is that why my son was nt anywhere to be seen in the place where we both died ?
rachel , if every person who died had a spirit in the afterlife , would nt this place be crawling with them ?
she hoped her daughter had escaped to happier dreams , a place that was free of moms and dads who divorce .
even in a gorgeous place like this .
it was an interesting introduction to the place .
he s very popular in his place , you ll be pleased to know .
my mother came from mexico so at least we knew something about a place outside of the united states .
he stared out at the overpowering vegetation and the small children running around in the villages ; nostalgia for the static beauty of this place was inevitable and would throw the bustling city and its temperamental weather into perspective .
there were those at home who dreamed of tropical beaches and bright shimmering water , forgetting that for most of the population in such places work must be done and the lazy indulgence of the tourist was not a reality .
robert said that as far as he knew new caledonia was a very different place from tahiti where the tests took place .
her parents would not consider it proper if they married in a weird and wonderful place which they had no idea of .
i think he s ready now for anything that this place can throw at him , she joked .
asked jo , not really caring , but knowing she 'll be leaving this place and its painful memories behind .
you are going to run in waters place .
` ` yes , it 's a beautiful place .
only , this place was real and it was truly took our breath away .
i think this place is even better than i thought it would be .
but , this place feels a lot nicer .
that was the worst decision of my life , mostly because it turned into the reason i married him in the first place .
but , i think he has learned a lot in the past year and i think he is petrified of ending up back at darrington or some place worse .
the pastor continued , gentle folks , i pleadi say i plead with you to stay away from those places !
its an amazing place .
fire music there was a place that sank into water with all its people .
modern medicine on a sunday afternoon , she read a book that describes the experience of a character who travels to a place where people still live as they have there for thousands of years .
she then also thought of what life could have been like for some people a long time ago in many places as well as in the place where the character met the woman , how even with many harsh difficulties there must also be and have been some other good relationships to the world that she could not easily know .
you could put money into that place ... new offices , showers , or even put those bums in hotels ... get them new clothes .
i am 18 years old , and live on the outskirts of pittsburgh , pennsylvania in a little place called cranberry township .
this place was not my school as it once had been .
i was in that stinking place for almost three months .
it was destiny , lan thought , that vo should return to the place where he was born and marry the daughter of lans childhood best friend .
well , you know , said billie , this place is so russian .
i have seen these places , but not the way you saw them , said tuan .
otherwise , for most part of the evening , shambhu had ranted on and on about his vacations in exotic places and the exclusive invitation only clubs and restaurants in new york and london .
nakul decided to anyways slug it for a few weeks more , then if things still did not change ; he decided , staunchly this time , that he will be out of this place irrespective of whether or not he has a job at hand .
well , dear , what do you think of the place ?
i think i prefer places that are open and cheerful .
to go to a dull place abroad and live poorly , was the dismal future that threatened her : she imagined herself plunged into dullness with her tedious sisters .
she has lost all her fortune , and we are going to leave this place .
you have not seen the place for a good many years , and you might have a run with the harriers if you went down next week , said sir hugo .
i want to keep grandcourt in good humour , and to let him see plenty of this place , that he may think the less of diplow .
the next day at lunch sir hugo said to her , its so pleasant out of doors just now shall we go and see the stables and the other odd bits about the place ?
you must love this place very much , said miss fenn , innocently , not thinking of inheritance .
ryelands is a much finer place than this in every way .
the place is intolerable .
then i remembered how the night before , i had fiddled with my computer clock , picturing myself in paris or london or rome , and finally just spinning the numbers and looking up the places that were in that time zone .
she wanted to ask josh where he went , but wondered if he recalled the place on waking .
i do wonder how many more faces god will ask me to carry home from this place .
it d been going on long enough now ( in a place that knew no time ) that josh began to wonder if it would ever end ; and if so , where and when .
he knew that wells did not live in any of these places .
but there were some smaller places he 'd never heard of : middlewick , chapel knapp , wadswick .
these places had postcodes similar to his .
` ` ah , simon , '' said rick , ` ` thanks so much for coming out to see the place . ''
i wish i could go somewhere , i m so tired of this place .
this is luxury compared to some places i ve worked in , let me tell you .
juan , her flamboyant brother in new york , must see this fucking place , she thought .
that s what i like about this place , danny boy .
he suspected that s why she decided to live here in the first place , to live around people whom she could easily impress .
he was neither prepared for , nor was he happy about , his recent move from nashville , also a place with detestable weather .
he had always felt like this place was cut off from the rest of the world .
the big boys have decided you 're not right for this place .
he figured if everyone was going to live in his own little world then america would have to remain an unhappy place .
this beautiful place would be a geographical time - out , where the drum beat of hate would not lure his children to take up the gun .
they blamed rick for taking her away to be a hippie to new mexico , a place that some of her parents friends thought was another country .
all her banking information , credit cards , checks , came from different places .
never mind from this place .
nina wondered if places outside new york city had fewer mobility surprises .
because real bombs are going off all over the place .
maybe one of these guys was around her once on one of her jobs , since she goes to different places .
now time was not something god had a lot of , considering that contrary to popular belief he did not reside in heaven , but in a place a lot like new york city , which was why he was such a grouch and why it was important that he get on with the job fast , using the least amount of space he could get away with .
he d make a small fortune in new york , but he hates the place .
and the blabbering , the constant blabbering , the rattling on and on : i bought this new shirt for you , do you like it , lets see if its the right size , is it too big , its too big , ill take it back , should i get it in white instead of blue , its not too big , you ll grow into it , is it too big , blue is a good color on you , white gets dirty , should i get it smaller in white , ill change it after work , i hate that place , that bitch took the phone book off my table , said she did nt but i know she did , they laugh at me behind my back , they accuse me of being too slow for the work , i m not slower than them , they re the slow ones , the lazy ones , my phone book was where i needed it , but they took it because they re lazy , that s why , i m not slow , the work is hard and they make all the money because they can make the calls faster with the phone book they said belonged to the whole office , but they took it from me , i can get the shirt in a smaller size in white or should it be smaller in blue , if its big like this do nt wear it now , you can grow into it , if your father were still alive those lazy bitches would nt call me slow and take my phone book so i would nt have to get up and down , you know how my legs hurt , how sick i am and how no one helps me and me ? !
` ` this place is so clean ! ''
` ` you ve been shaking the place down !
some say that kids in these types of places grow up quicker and wiser , or at least quicker .
over the years pandelys buddies , usually after a few beers , had mentioned several place names : tikmeh kord , saravu , and mosul .
it was one of those places which remembered liverpools past glories , when it had been a prosperous city and the second seaport of a vast british empire , a place which had once been grand but was no longer elegant , with too many plastic parts grafted onto it for it to retain any of the beauty which older drinkers like billy remembered .
' you youngsters , you only know the places you ve read about , the places the tourists visit that are part of history .
the bracelet had been an excuse to enter the shop , though , to fake ignorance and to ask if it was worth insuring , and to see what the place had to offer by way of opportunities .
this was the sort of trick that derek and his colleagues at the brewery got up to , hiding the real character of a place beneath an artificial veneer .
sleepers hill is not a town where a young artist can flourish , is too provincial a place for someone who is different .
if only you were to look at jusepe de riberas painting , the clubfooted boy,42 so intensely that you became him , then you would be going places , maybe .
it is an eden for being the great crucible of spiritual survival in material survival ; for whatever acts of genuine kindness are born in such a place are bound to be noble indeed .
religion , just like being desensitized to homeless people on the overpasses or in traveling , romanticizing the world to be a glorious place , is a delusional means of giving a man a respite from the harsher realities of life .
chopper and big bubba were diligently sweeping and trimming and sprucing up the place and putting down fresh chalk lines on the field and the granite falls stadium looked better than it had in years .
if she was too good for the place , could nt i be , too ?
i want to write about this place .
those places are where more people live .
they do nt even care about this place , and that s okay because it is nt anything great .
you ll never write anything successful about this place .
and i ve tried working on a stool at the counter of a pie shop on speedway , a charming place i had always wanted to visit , but the waitress kept expecting me to buy another slice of pie or another cup of coffee and i have nt got much money , so you see that did nt work out and neither did a very big red vinyl booth at a bowling alley in the middle of the afternoon because bowling people are awfully friendly , and noisy , gee whiz , you would nt believe it , so i was sitting in a fairly comfortable lounge chair for a long time which was located right beside the model of the battleship arizona , which is up there on the third floor of the student union , but there was a lot of distracting foot traffic by that spot because there was a center for information about sexually transmitted diseases right in that hallway .
and going further , i wondered how people had the taste and skill to rise up out of places which were even less cultured than where i was from , and was that culture anyway ?
that was the location mother said was a smut peddler zone back then , a place i would have liked to write about , if only to let the world hear her talk about it , and the hobos , in her rambling style .
it was a treat to visit those places .
why could nt i quit this place with ease ?
i never would write about this place .
or was there an absolute certainty that someone else would come along and be the vessel to write the big thing about this place ?
if he knows about this place , then he knows how important you are to it .
melody knew at that moment that something quite significant had just taken place .
how could he know of this place , of aquanus and the spires and saturn and here i am , little girl ; here i am without even realizing shed done it , she had walked to the screen door , where she pressed her face to the fine dark mesh , her hands raised to her face , trying to get a good look inside .
they came from places called galeni and augustinius ; from nations known as arrow and pyrrho ; from lands called junon and neptonius ; from distant shores with names like zephrym and , of course , hieron - tamus , galarrage , and vanerrincourt .
you live on , completely unaware that such a potentially cataclysmic process just took place .
it suits this place .
good for her : she had more gumption than anybody else in the place .
under the tropical sun a few flourished , more wilted , while most simply got by , in a country to which they went with feelings of trepidation , from homelands they often recalled , to a place they never forgot ; a land which now bears little trace of them .
but unlike the rest who spoke only about the glory of the new rome , new york , he said nothing but anathema to the place .
living all over the place .
( lvoof ) the place held a certain fascination for him as his mother and aunts talked very often of its glories in contrasting these to the bleakness of the african environment , which he loved so much .
remember this was africa with illnesses we first encountered in other god forsaken places like kazakhstan .
well , if she s coming over , we better clean the place up .
i was even sorta starting to like the place , especially the university area , which was always a whirl of people and activity .
` ` how come i do n't have friends who live in places like this ? ''
and i 'd never be able to live with myself if it were n't a nice place .
you may think it wise to take credit for this awful place now , but you ll learn soon enough that you have made a serious mistake .
this place looks like hell .
vivian wondered just how low those places had been .
look at this place , dear .
this place is like one of those skeletons they used to make up out of various animals to create an imaginary monster .
the place spoke to us , spring valley generally , i mean , and we found this spot , with its own spring and the creek below and enough isolation to have quiet when we wanted and a market for our produce near enough .
to live in that wreck of a place .
he always dreaded coming to this place , where his mother had lived as a girl .
when you gubbahs surf this place and call it home , you enter into a relationship with all us blackfellas and our culture .
the suburbs are as much a state of mind as a place , commentedanna mysteriously .
a tiny little place like gotesdene .
iwas convinced that i would nt find the truth in thesuburbs so i thought i might find it in a place absolutely different .
gotesdene is a very old - fashioned place .
when god created the natural order , he did nt do soonly that places such as the suburbs and the city should disregardit and substitute a new order of their own invention .
but its probably not so unusual to find someone like me in a place like gotesdene .
i ve had the luxury of enough time to spend what you might call a lifetime in rather a few of these places .
i ve heard that it does nt contain quite the variety and spread of individuals as even places like this .
i may have done many things , met many people and seen many places .
i thought these people being christians and everything would at least have some kind of stable or something for me to stay in , but i do nt think i ve ever been to a less welcoming place .
its quite an arty place , what with the university and all the students .
and its got at least as much history as this place ... oooh !
i ve heard its a pretty wacky place .
tis oft spoken as a place bereft of all great thought , immersed only in its own perfection , imposing little on the world beyond and intent only on the provision of amateur dramatics , local history societies and supermarkets .
from what i saw of that place , i am extremely surprised to see someone from there in such a place as tudors castle .
from what i saw of that place , i am extremely surprised to see someone from there in such a place as tudors castle .
i ve been to the suburbs amongst other places : and a more blinking tedious place you could nt imagine !
having seen other places , do you think you ll be hurrying back to live in the suburbs again ?
in the city you ll think this place is just dead .
i imagine what your brother wants is a place where there s a modern world as well as the traditional , but even the modern world has a history .
if there are all sorts in the city , what sorts could there be that are nt in this place .
this is a violent place .
well , its already taken place you know .
the world is such a horrible place .
there s no shortage of ways to earn money in this place if you know people .
the places where people lived were equally as unwelcoming and decrepit .
its probably the loveliest place i ve ever been to .
i was disappointed at the prospect of returning to a place of such ordinariness and calm .
i would have thought that a place like the academy , where so many brilliant minds are gathered in the whole - hearted pursuance of different aspects of the truth , would be a far more likely place to find the truth than streets and avenues of semi - detached houses and manicured lawns .
it does seem such a big place .
i ve known places famous for picturesque waterfalls and herds of wildebeest which are now buried under skyscrapers , underpasses and flyovers .
but its very different from the city , and not just because its such a smaller place .
i thought a borough famous for its peace , calm and stability was by far the best place to come .
are the suburbs the only place which has suffered ?
but there are other places that have got it quite bad .
there are few places untouched , but fortunately none in this country as severely affected as the suburbs .
but the original owner , the person who built the house in the first place , way back in the 1890 's - that was joshua kumar .
yet here we are , living in this place , the same place where the massacre happened ... on new year 's eve ... '' bryan looked at his watch as though he were counting the days to december thirty - one .
we ' ve become accustomed to this place , sort of like an old shoe - '' ` ` very old , '' suggested liz .
anyway , they were made in that place , what was it called ?
( in truth , this guy had never looked at this place that closely before .
guy ) thought , sitting on the bus with his nose pressed against the window , in all likelihood , the power plant probably did nt just serve normal houses full of able - bodied people , for whom a sudden loss of power would create nothing much worse than an irritating but , in all likelihood , temporary inconvenience , but also other places like hospitals full of the infirm and elderly or the very young ; maybe even hospitals with whole wards of premature and defective babies , for example , laid out in plastic boxes , wired up to complicated machines that kept their hearts beating .
if the power suddenly went out in a place like that , all those premature and defective hearts would stop .
it was nt exactly a nice place .
it makes the place look twice as big , the old geezer said .
you re gon na save a lot of money in this place .
shadows swooned all over the place ( it was early fall now , late in the afternoon ) : shadows of houses , little trees , big trees , tricycle shadows , shopping cart shadows .
( of course , what would they do with a meat freezer at a place like that ? )
i came from texas , the place made famous by disney 's the legend of davy crockett .
she would see places that the ginzbergs never heard of , and even if they had , they would nt want to travel to because there would be no bagels and tv soaps .
i know you think you can clean the place , but once you start working , you wo nt have any time .
adam drove to coney island , a place abra had never visited in her previous life in new york .
he was living in a place where people were good to him and tried to meet his needs .
` ` mister macho here was saying just this past saturday how much he 's going to miss this place and he ca n't believe this is all coming to an end .
i ' ve got to get out of this place after i graduate .
lots of unusual things about this place .
wayne hickman follows thomas with a stiff - bristled shop broom , and eugene waggoner hoses the place down .
this place is big time .
that 's why we went to the fairgrounds in the first place .
she s better shed of this place .
your wife ca nt run this place by herself and your daughter wo nt last a minute in town , egan tugged his stetson down tighter , pulled his horse around , and with angus close behind they started to mount for their ride down the road .
he had told her he did nt like the way the place smelled , it has this bad odor .
desley slater told me her dads leaving coles cause he s going to be running the place .
she would get into her little car and drive to a place he came to understand was called ' airport ' .
lily started them off , rohini joined in , and then all the children started singing self - consciously about heavenly peace and the night that a holy infant was born , not in india , not in england , but in some place that none of the children had heard of .
hard to believe anything good will come of this place .
after he had just risked himself to reveal the violent heart of this place ?
well , he also said this place was a wasteland .
do you call this place a wasteland ?
the mines were a miserable place , and i was miserable there , its true .
or had euclid been right about this place all along ?
but what s wrong about this place ?
nathans shirt says largo coastal construction , a place he s never been , but will happily represent like he s endorsing something , a regular lebron james , a regular jeff gordon , nathan is peddling services for the right to be seen on the field , and in this exchange of endorsements , did they factor in that nathan might suck , that these players might suck , bringing undue shame to largo coastal construction , and instead of a $ 5 discount on cabinets it actually becomes an increase of $ 5 for the harm they ( nathan ) have wrought the largo coastal construction brand , for their ill - conceived slides ( mullet_gut ) for an extra base or their bumbling catches in mid - center - right field ( nathan , again ) or for their lofty swings that hit nothing but air ( coach / supposed minor league all - star with gray on his temples ) , their swings not contacting , just retracting and slumping skulk back to this ( pine / maybe oak / maybe i m no arborescent professional ) lonely bench , only to be filled at 9 by wright insurance serving pinellas park since 1978 .
what will you miss about this place ?
i lived in the worst building on a beautiful street in malvern , a suburb twelve minutes from downtown melbourne by train , part of a cluster of places known for being home to old money .
` ` i did n't -- '' ` ` i run a respectable place , '' etta said .
its not such a bad place to live .
to sacha , england and europe were places he visited in the summer .
if there are more names than places , i will prioritise sixth formers , as this is their last chance .
you do nt come to cornwall to sit in this place , do you ?
i miss the place terribly , particularly the sea and being out in the country .
you really did this place right .
although in some places , a third eye is n't terribly unusual . ''
the last thing she needed was something bleeding to death and then stinking up the place .
but curiously , since his career change , jamie had hardly stepped foot in the place .
i m so glad that i had the opportunity to meet you and see this beautiful place .
he was shutting the fucking place down all right , but he was worried .
it had just been fuck the place up a little bit , go home for a couple of days , and then come on back for more days and weeks and years of boring shit , whatever it took to keep the fender factory spitting metal out the doors and down the railroad tracks .
he , too , was happy to be here in this light and airy place .
it shut the fucking place down !
i do nt know what happened to it , then to neil , jon added , to look at this place now , you would nt believe it .
i would love to have some of these to show tommy , carrie said , picking up another photo , to help him get to know this place , his fathers history , all of it , toms motherand you .
but it was a pretty place inside .
it was like a personality type they found a lot of them have , like a drive to rush in to help in a place where most people are fleeing .
its hard to raise kids in a rich place like where we lived in tampa .
we hugged and she whispered , will you please tell me now what is going on around this place ?
remember , i said this place is like an old castle .
between the two of us well figure out a way to get you out of this place and then to somewhere safe .
they spoke as if the place was in chaos , that their jobs were gone .
no , nor did i , and nor does anyone else it seems not that you can call the place up and ask if they re having troubles ; but nothings been announced .
if this place goes down , as i ca nt help fearing it will any day now , then we will be the front - line .
has this place got something to do with it ?
is it anything to do with this place ?
just go with him , do nt worry about this place .
farms and fields until fifty years ago , no history here at all , he wondered what it must be like to work here , to spend your time in this place without roots or cultural narrative , too far away even to reach the town centre on your lunch hour .
i know i would do if i had such a strong man about the place .
nottingham does nt seem the kind of place .
you or me , finding out what thomas did , would shout the place down , get on the phone , put our fist through something .
i ve spent my whole life trying to get away from this place , and i hope after today never to see it again .
that the room was filled with mostly non - locals who would nt have known isobel semple from eve , wuthertons not being a southney firm , rather detracted for grey from the shock effect of arriving in places in the company of the towns golden girl .
` ` this morning i saw a match for slope - shoulders coming out of the place .
can you tell me what kind of places these are ?
see this place ?
this was so typical of this place , principal whyte thought .
you dress up the place .
she said the place is a mess - mud and dying catfish everywhere but they saw a pelvis and a femur as soon as the pond emptied .
moffat smiled thinking whatever else jean may wish to change in her life , it would nt be this place .
he has to epitomize the academic spirit of this place , to the scholars who live within these walls and the public without . ''
they , poor fellows , need some educating of what this place is all about !
` ` do you really think this place is ready for a woman principal yet ? ''
with good experience as an administrator , and he knows this place .
you seem to know the place well , hardwick remarked , smoothing the sleeve of his winter coat .
i hope you do nt mind , but do you think i could you know , look around just to get a feel for the place , asked michael.kristin really did nt know what to say , she had to admit it was a bit weird .
remember the lampier place ?
come on , lets get this place cleaned up and get out to the barn to see to buttercup .
ill really miss this place .
los angeles was a terrible place to be average .
please back up a little and bring us up to date with the hunt for red november - beginning with a more in - depth explanation on how it could have happened in the first place .
the place descended into panic when they flashed their warrant cards .
the tension in that place was scary .
san francisco has never struck me as being a dangerous place .
i prefer the smaller places . ''
it 's time for my disclaimer : you need to understand that i view everything through the lens of a native son of south florida whose animating passion is the beauty of this place .
ray could n't quite follow all of the rules , but he had the sense that the two societies co - existed but did not really intermingle in places like atlanta , at least not as much as they did in sarasota , where the entire social circle was much smaller .
they all predate the coming of the cruise ships and yuppies who ruined the place .
it 's a straight - off - the - beach kind of place .
surely he 's not still running the place ?
that turned out to be one of the best decision either of us ever made besides getting married in the first place .
sad to say , but i think the days are numbered for this place .
the place had gone totally to hell !
i have always lived in places where the public transportation was good enough i did n't need a license , or i had a driver .
this place was no different , but sumners murder had not been committed here .
sure , a part - time job at a place like this , maybe within walking distance .
but i always thought of the place as home .
how do you think he came to work for us in the first place ?
some from iceland , from north eastern england , alaska , cornwall , and many other places , but all fishermen .
seventy - one , and not even a bottle of aspirin in the place ?
but the mans sad reflection did nt daunt him for long , believe me , inspector , there really is nt a thing about this place i could nt tell you as well as anyone .
a stalwart if the history of this place were ever written shed have a whole chapter .
if i m honest i m just glad to get away from that place for a while .
yes , that big place where she worked , ill never forget it .
raine rossiter nodded , at first it was thought he could do some handywork around the place to pay his way , but he was useless .
grey could be honest with himself though : he would nt want to live here , nor could he just ignore the trouble that his uniformed colleagues habitually had in these parts , for this was a place not immune to depressing behaviour and rumbling civil unrest .
well , i ve seen her before with the ambulance gone and doctor following it in his car , ellie took the man from the next - door room to the carstairs back to bed , saying to the detectives as she went , its not that we mollycoddle them , though the families sometimes think we do ; its that a place like this must be calmer than the world , must have less shocks .
he made another assumption : that unless they had retained terrific strength into old age then they were not of the victims generation ; nor he expected residents of the home , which , though this was a generalisation , seemed as caring and friendly a place as he could imagine .
it would have been easy though this place is like a pharmacy , and he d have seen what dose we use .
an even worse one if possible , the true offense such estates commit against their population : the psychological effect on people of being stranded in a place where you literally can not see a way out : where you ca nt see a main road or a bus route even from the end of your street ; where its hard to direct a taxi or visitor to within half a mile of your house or flat ; where those who ve lived here all their lives can still get lost ; where what you see around you is the collapse into squalor of a built environment not maintained and a planted environment literally gone to seed .
its a great way to see new places and meet new people .
why a place i had never been ?
the guy had a shop in elko of all places .
you live in one of those places over there , do nt you ?
it was because of june she moved out here in the first place .
he seems quite professional for a detective in a small potatoes place like this .
showing up at the police station at twelve forty - five , and shown immediately into the same office i was now visiting for the third time , i sat back into the same chair and had the odd sensation of beginning to feel familiar with the place .
no ones going to forget an old lady was killed in that place .
after my granddad died , gordon came back to take over the place , but that s another story .
to me the place looked like william shakespeare might have stopped in for an ale .
he had never told me he detested this place until this day .
i wondered what had just taken place .
it was the most beautiful natural habitat i had ever seen , even better than places shown on documentary .
i said whenever you were left alone ; something else would surely take place .
he 's the one they blame for getting her hooked on drugs in the first place , '' said katrina .
preston can always say cain was casing the place out .
jake leaned against the door jamb finding it hard to restrain the impulse to run in there and carry sam out of this place .
help me clean this place up .
i detested these places .
in this place , sometimes you have to be sugar and spice and not so nice .
said he did nt want anything to do with this place .
i did nt know you liked these places , tiny said .
i feel sure that if lady charlotte could have spoken with me before her death she would have warned me against bringing this , the last of the old race , and the heir to great wealth , to that deadly place .
' we were tired with our journey and chilled by our drive , so we took a gray view of the place .
it 's a bad place , the great grimpen mire . '
we are very rich in orchids on the moor , though , of course , you are rather late to see the beauties of the place . '
as i looked from their windows at the interminable granite - flecked moor rolling unbroken to the farthest horizon i could not but marvel at what could have brought this highly educated woman and this beautiful man to live in such a place .
i must have been about ten when i started doing odd jobs around the place .
how do you expect to run the place two thousand miles away ? ''
` ` well , i ' m certainly no expert , but it appears you ' ve done a good job running the place , charlie .
why did this place bring back the nightmares ?
` ` a very exotic place , '' i murmured .
handel never said a word about his family ties to this place .
` ` i have a lot of small fixit jobs around the place , and taking care of the grounds .
he was married but unhappily , and it sure as hell did nt stop him from trying to make it with every sweet young thing in the place .
would you look at this place ?
it might have been odd in some place like new york , but in portland , a flourishing garden was a sign of upper class green - mindedness .
portland may be a bitquirkybut it should nt be a dangerous place .
it was always thought of as a bit of a strange place .
as he got closer i had no doubt that it was him that was coming from a place that had nothing of interesting .
` ` this place is nt even that big .
this place thirty years ago was a small town .
the police had that yellow tape all over the place .
oh no , you re not taking another job in africa or some god - forsaken place like that .
there was nt a dry eye in the place , ken added .
this place will be a zoo if this gets out to the press .
some people are saying that mr . mazzoli burned his place for the insurance money .
here 's why : the place was not sprinklered , despite repeated suggestions from chief casey that they should sprinkler it .
we have customers all over the place and we thought it might be convenient to communicate with them even if we 're out in the fields .
there were fire extinguishers all over the place ; in fact , they had more fire extinguishers than the fire code required .
bev grinned , that 's why some of us live in podunk places like this .
i 'd rather have two dozen bodies than have to deal with politics in florida of all places !
just tell me what i have to do to get on with cleaning this place up .
what s scaring you about this place anyway ?
faint traces showed near the drain , and sam remembered washing dishes there , running quite a lot of water down the drain as she cleaned the place .
meanwhile , let 's get this place locked up for the night so we can all go home . ''
there are too many bad memories associated with this place .
he was so lucky to have married a woman that liked to travel and see new places .
this place is out in the sticks .
there are police all over the place .
coming to the place where my parents died was like walking into the painted churches of the navidad valley .
the parking lot was mosty empty , but to anyone familiar with the ebb and flow of this place , my big dirty truck was bound to be conspicuous .
do nt you ever keep any food in this place ?
it was your fucking deal that got me sent to jail in the first place .
by that time he was spilling his guts all over the place .
that s what people saw taking place the night of the tree lightingthe two arguing about the blackmail .
suspects all over the place but no real candidate for the murderer .
let 's see if your granddaddy spent any money on the food in this place . ''
this place is worse than the basement of the suffolk county courthouse , whispered ming .
no , it 's the orthodox jewish groups which are the bigger problem in this area , especially in places like borough park or those towns upstate like kiryas yoel .
that s the problem with this place , deputy thomas milhouse growled from the desk directly behind the dispatcher .
they ll cut all the trees , mine all the ore , and leave this place a waste land .
this place is a real pit , chet said .
he passed through morton , and made the turn onto highway 7 towards bucks place .
she stared in disbelief as she watched the news anchor recap the events that had just taken place .
neither buck nor rick wanted to leave this place they had come to call home and no longer cared about the money .
i think one of you killed alfonso juarez over the copper business , and oscar just happened to find his body and put his fingerprints all over the place .
it 's just ... the accident kind of took all the fun out of this place . ''
into the town centre , he missed the memorial now that it had been removed , what did people call this place now ?
i do nt see much of him , he hardly speaks , but i hear him about the place .
it was hard to be an honest person in that place ... .
well , they 're illegal in the u.s . and many places in canada .
so he traveled all over the place , doing lots of crazy things .
the deeper question is how he ever got toxoplasmosis in the first place .
it would be a very difficult thing for the family to give up the idea she was a victim of tyree johnson , especially since it was dr . brooks who insisted his daughter be tested for hiv in the first place , and then urged her to take the lethal hiv medications .
` ` then she 'd stay away from the place . ''
i ' m kind of over this place . ''
they live in alabama , or some other such godforsaken place , why would they have a party here i ask you ?
he was still in awe of new york as one often is when they visit a place like it but less so when they live there .
the place is just so fucked up .
she thought that new york was the place where her job was still seen as the most important in the media world .
this place was well and truly fucked up enough .
taylor sat there still a little shell - shocked by what had just taken place .
it will put you back in business as well as deflecting some attention away from this whole shit storm that s all over the place at the moment .
he paced the room and craved a cigarette , a joint , a drink , any one of his many vices , which he was not allowed to bring to this place .
during the course of the day he would drink the place out of jack daniels and wild turkey and smoke a couple of packs of marlboros .
police been all over this place .
most places it ran about ten feet wide or so .
` ` someone 's been in here , cleaned the place up . ''
you would not believe that place , the mess .
much of the talk that afternoon was not about what had taken place , but about jennifer and roxanne and how much they had meant in everyones lives .
christopher had never really questioned the lack of community spirit in the little town , but thinking about it now as they headed towards the old higgledy - piggledy fishermens houses down by the river , he realised the place was divided into two or three sections , with the riverside dwellers resenting the people in the newer estates up the hill , and both resenting the inhabitants of the victorian villas .
this place sucks . '
there were a lot of raging hormones around the place these days , and he was very wary of them .
there was no sign of the policemen who had been all over the place only minutes before .
she was n't meant to live out her life in a small boring place like this .
i saw young dave handing over a package to darren the other day how much do you bet it was an advance on his wages for torching this place ? ...
you like that place and it 's decent .
` ` greg is n't aggressive , which is why donna chose to do business with him in the first place .
you know i do not like you going to those places ! ''
shaking her finger and switching to english she told me less eloquently , but no less effectively , ` ` you should not have gone to a place that has such a reputation as that one .
still such a lawless and ungoverned place , willful in its pursuit of riches that are wasted on scoundrels and murderers .
he 's a fascinating creature , newly imported from sicily of all places ! ''
` ` there is no misunderstanding , mr . endswell , i am fully aware of your love of foreign places .
` ` it 's not so terrible a place , '' i said .
this place does nt have seniors .
the crawfords may be dead , but their legacy of crimes against humanity live on in these corrupt places and help wo nt stand for it .
she s going places .
see , most of the killers in this place are like me .
because helping us , helps catch other serial killers , therefore creating more inmates and more company for the rest of you stuck in this place .
and yes , being a nag was a punishable offense in medieval england and other places in europe .
this place is dirty .
not with the turnover rate of this place .
she s visiting relatives in atlanta , and i told her i d check on the place .
we can keep an occasional eye on this place , he said dismissively .
there ll be people swarming all over the place tomorrow , from the royal party and government ministers downwards .
there was something about these places that seemed suspicious and underhand even if it was nt .
no further forward than we were in the first place .
we ve got to get clear of the place before we rendezvous , i suggest , at the bus stop near selfridges , so that we can catch a bus up to hampstead .
of course london in 1951 was a very different place from occupied france seven years earlier .
yeah what about her , she was nice newsgirl22 : she did an article on this place , then a week later she had a break in and was killed , or so the article says .
when she paused , i interrupted to ask , how long have you worked in this unbelievable place ?
i tried to avoid the place on those days .
how does that place fit into any of this ?
i had nt been in for awhile , and i missed the place .
she would prance around this place in her evening dress , with her hair all done up , and enough makeup on to cover a teenagers acne .
come on bethany , ill show you how this place runs .
as much as i hated that place , helen made it almost bearable .
you know how much i hate these places .
this is a nice place you work in .
` ` you did n't think i would ever get you out of this place did you ? ''
he does promotions for this place , he 's the man who got you on the list . ''
this place brought back so many memories .
i am going to comb the place looking for it - while i really look to see if i can see anything suspicious .
getting away from this place for a few days sounded so good and i could nt wait to be on the i-4 heading south out of orlando .
this place is going to be in an awfully lot of trouble if we ever get nuked by some damn other country we riled all up .
you know , you could run the place because no one would dare mess with you , adelia explained patiently .
miss annalee had been raised in pegramville , had family still there , and kind of liked the place .
did you know that elgin snoddy used to go there when it was her mother running the place ?
he did nt care if someone got stinking drunk in the place unless they started puking their guts out .
a fella went and got a degree from a university , then all of a sudden he was some kind of nerd , and did nt that look bad around a place like pegramville ?
then neal ledbetter was going to make the place a walmart .
running all over the place at nights with flashlights and four - wheel drives .
where my mother varied from the truth was that she told that reporter that colonel snoddys ghost still haunts the place looking for a wagon full of gold that had been his share .
you re too good for this place .
when they re in town , he puts them up at his mansion on ocean boulevard not too far from the old versace place .
whipsaw , miss julianne , louis , tracy , and some of the other reprobates that made key west the weird place it was .
i often reply that its a dreadful place to live , that jobs are hard to come by and its only cheap because the place is falling to bits , the french ca nt be bothered with it and getting people to work for you is a nightmare .
i often reply that its a dreadful place to live , that jobs are hard to come by and its only cheap because the place is falling to bits , the french ca nt be bothered with it and getting people to work for you is a nightmare .
soon after the shower we were dressed and were sitting in the garden with a cigarette and a couple of cokes and my thoughts turned to the consequences of what had just taken place .
i m the one who s going places .
at that time , i knew nothing of bulmer or what had taken place the evening before .
there were no signs of a forensic technician going over the place .
cops and emts were swarming all over the place .
oh fuck , harry thought as he saw that here was no lock on the door and he could nt help but think of much he hated these places .
but we do know at this stage that a sexual assault took place . '
the biggest hurdle , to me , would be explaining how we figured out it was dr . walters in the first place .
he found the place to be contrary with its quaint and pretty villages and exceptionally beautiful rolling countryside on one side and rows upon rows of terraced dwellings all crammed together under clouds of belching smoke on the other .
decent place .
a motorbike weaves in and out of traffic its one of the fastest ways to get from a to b and no one looks twice at them because they re so common they re all over the bloody place .
yes , i know the place , love said , familiar with the high - security psychiatric hospital based in crowthorne , berkshire .
love reckoned he d seen enough of this place to last him a lifetime but in his line of work that was nt about to happen .
sometimes when i drive by here it seems like the place is just mocking all of us .
the place is pretty well etched on my memory . ''
i 'd really like to live in a nice house in a place where its always summer .
` ` these are copies of the keys to every filing cabinet in the place , '' he said .
he 'd seen it on such a day and considered it not at all surprising that branwell bronte had drunk himself to death or the sisters written novels - there was damn all else to do in the place in winter but drink or write , and if you did n't have the talent to write ... francesca looked lovely .
the publicity would be dreadful for no good reason , and loads of the girls would probably leave because they would nt want to be connected with such a place .
hardy tried to give the guy some tips like , for starters , how he should nt get wasted the night before a strenuous ride , especially in a place where you were nt used to the climate or the altitude .
i m beginning to think he does nt want to be associated with the place .
the cops really stunk up the place .
i d do it , but the way the country is these days , the place could go to hell in a hen basket by the end of the week .
looks a bit too expensive for a place like this .
this place is too old - fashioned for me , he sneered and released delilahs hand .
this place is nothing but a stock exchange for pretty young mormon girls .
this is my big chance to get out of this place .
it may be a bit more isolated but this place is too much like being in a humongous cult .
his exchange rate was pretty steep too , because you can get more that ten pesos to the dollar most places .
he had a collection of good - time girls he took to those places .
and so young to be in a place like this , too .
the challenges of these characters are in trying to know them when we come from very different places .
not to mention , after a few of them , i think topeka will start to become a place known for its writers and art community that is so encouraging .
they cleaned the place out !
some places fared so badly that they sent to us for help , thinking that perhaps the goddess herself was angry with them for some reason .
like most people i heard the talk that they were sacrificing humans but , unlike most , i noticed signs that other changes were taking place .
school was a nice place .
even for kaitlyn , a master of every fighting form , was afraid of this place .
as she neared it she slammed it open with the sheer force of her hate and walked through not even sure if coming back to this disgusting horrible place was worth it .
the city of marathon denied his application stating that they do n't want marathon to turn into the kind of place key west has become .
this place was a tax write - off ?
she arrived earlier than she expected and drove around for a while , sightseeing and looking for places she had seen on tv .
he said his nieces and nephews liked to cruise , mainly because they had plenty of children 's activities and the kids could manage to avoid being dragged on tours to boring places like museums .
i am not denying that florida is a bizarre place : i recall all too well the election of 2000 .
it always surprises me when people from other places do n't know the story of the overseas highway .
you talk about this place the way i feel about stanforth .
she found a bunch of books about the places they would be visiting and spent a couple of hours reading about their ports of call .
about half of the attorneys i know who are over 50 have licenses in places like florida , georgia and alabama .
i am suggesting that you hire an investigator or maybe a couple of them in different places .
bev could n't shake the feeling that he was doing something else as well because he got too high - profile and too rich way too fast for an ordinary cop from birmingham in a cosmopolitan place like georgetown .
i can tell you that it is a standard business practice in most of the places where diaz does business for business owners to make contributions to police benevolent associations if not direct contributions to police officers ' pocketbooks .
it is a gorgeous place .
this restaurant is more elegant and old fashioned than most , because the culture of the business community in georgetown is more conservative and buttoned down than in most places in the islands .
i have to stay home because people from other places come here .
we may need to get you licensed in some other places as well .
if it was nt a suicide , i m pretty sure the police would have been all over this place by now .
those that could get jobs in other places did and the ones that had nt been so lucky were sitting around the table in a sort of dreadful haze .
after all , the blitz of london and other urban manufacturing centres had been reciprocated one hundred times over in places like berlin , dresden , essen and many more .
the fatherland , not the motherland sir , was a very different place back then .
her heart thumped as the lady explained what had taken place .
it surely meant that his granddad had escaped from that awful , smelly , bath place .
he could always visit them , which was much better than it used to be , as they were usually in places he had never heard of .
the place was a disaster area .
she was afraid she would have a good time and forget why she was in this town in the first place .
my family had long since moved away from this place , and i had no good reason to visit the scene of my uneventful childhood .
i 'd hated this place .
you think you 're the only one who wanted to get away from this place ? '
it 's really a nice place , and the folk here are charming and down to earth . '
as annabelle drove out of town , again i was struck by how damned beautiful this place was and yet wild at the same time .
between scott boys and murders , this place was shredding from me every sense of power and self - worth i 'd built up over the years .
this place is evil .
maggie , you re too good for this place .
its lonely , that s what this place is .
i got ta go , but you need to think about gutting this place .
this place can be a lot of fun .
i think i can handle this place .
many of the places mentioned in the stories are wonderful places to visit .
normally i can be a bit more relaxed , but what with that little spot of bother across the road the police are all over the place , and i would nt want to lose my licence .
that young man is wasted working in a place like this .
after explaining they spoke english in england , she then divulged all the places she had travelled to : east texas , west texas and south texas .
but returning to the place where the event happened thirty years ago sparks a longing to find out what took place after bea left pecan valley .
for a place that s swamped , big reds does nt look too busy this morning .
she loved this place . ''
remember that place ? ''
ibisia is a dreadful place to tread on , no mere man would dare it for every evil we have heard of that place is true .
it was difficult to find ways of passing the time in the hospitals then , and they were generally pretty miserable places .
clay looks out at the field , and , even though it 's only been a couple hours since he was there that morning , he still marvels at the sight of the place .
clay parks his fleetmaster about half a block from gene 's garage and just watches the place for a minute .
the salinas bus station is already open , and he 's missed the early comings and goings of the place .
` ` we were going to torch the place , '' emma says , staring at wayne .
` ` leah it 'll be fine we 're not getting kidnapped in this compound and if we do it might be nice this place is like a castle .
while driving through the yu 's neighborhood it was hard to imagine the beauty of the beach was even remotely close to this place .
nelly was enthused to see me and i could tell she was just as annoyed by this place as i was .
it was tough being at the bar in that place .
this place is a prison nobody gets out . ''
especially to come back just to take a return trip to san diego the place i could do without visiting for a few years .
he was nt afraid to step up and meddle in affairs about which many of us would never bother ourselves , things which we should have done if we had loved this place as much as he .
this place was like a bank and the parts were money taken out of vaults .
i grew up in one place , he said , as if to tell her that it had not been any advantage to him .
the place has got to me .
well let me tell you something officer , i do not come from a place like this .
the press was all over the place .
what a terrible place .
she set a straw handbag down by her side , crossed her pale , rounded legs , and smiled : nice place you ' ve got here .
and yet you employ him to take care of the place ?
but , shit , i just ai nt no good off this place .
sometimes i think this place is nt quite real .
you re from a big city , a more organized place .
you know everything about this place .
well , accidents happen , and its not surprising in a place as old as this .
they needed to do something about that place .
drive through mobile , and you ll see the stuart name all over the place .
but beautiful girls are a dime a dozen in a place like that .
most of them are from places where money is no object , but discretion definitely is .
re - bes an embattled place , mostly because of you .
in some places , where they ve bought one of the old mob - influenced firms , there might be a thug network still in place .
i ve been frustrated here , you know thatthis is a messy , disorganized place full of headstrong people but you guys are here because you care , and these scavenger people , the city officials , i feel like i have to take a hot shower after talking to them .
there s a new state law banning smoking in bars , but this place is pretending otherwise .
this place is like home .
this place is going down the tubes and the city is breathing down our neck .
this place is just riddled with grudges , he observed .
never in my life have i been as insulted as i was in this place last night , the woman announced making large , flailing gestures with her arms as if to illustrate the size of the insult she had suffered .
the man perched in the choir loft called ( seemingly the only person in the room oblivious to the scene that had just taken place ) as he got up and walked down the steps in her direction .
anyway , when i got here the place was in utter confusion .
are you suggesting that no such confrontation took place ?
i ve never lived in such a great place and being able to have red & buttercup & popeye & puddles .
most places had no trespassing signs accentuated with property protected by .357 '' or similar identifiers .
there seems to be a consensus in this place that alcohol is the safer choice , but not by much .
the place is alive with pickpockets .
you grew up , his wife reminded him , in a place like altham grange used to be .
bannims still setting the tone for this place , mcfergus thought .
anyway , we can sleep with the windows closed ; that should keep some of the many diseases in london out of the place .
but why kill mr . marley when he owned the place ?
the second degree of frost bite occurs when the thawing process takes place showing a set of red painful sensitive blisters over the limbs .
my original dislike of the place has been renewed by its recent history .
she always routes her skirt around the shaded and cool wrap - around front porch scooting her boots back and forth from her private chamber to her academic classes , avoids this place , totally .
the old mans descriptions of the farm were strong and arose from his own love of the place .
the place would be busy as hell , and they d ask him if i looked dangerous .
it was an isolated , out of the way place nobody ever heard of , and nobody ever goes .
i got settled in next - door , and spent a few days watching the place .
the place really was nt an island .
whatever it was about this place that attracted him to it , i would probably never know , but clearly something here mattered to him .
so will amber , she almost loves this place more than we do .
is n't this place nice ?
i got up there with a telescope and kept an eye on the place .
the place must be agreeing with you .
i have nt been to one for years , i do nt even know what people wear in those places .
walker 's got a lot of business interests in a lot of places .
i love this place more than anyplace i ' ve ever lived .
i do n't know how much time you ' ve ever spent in texas , but it 's a place that kind of breeds wackos .
she loved the thought that people could be so neighborly even in a place with the kind of mixed population as existed in florida .
its complicated is okay i no like some places too .
arthurian saga series secret knight - conspiracy , book 1 after guinevere 's death camelot has become a sad and quiet place .
you could see he was determined to go places even in those days . '
' unlike you , i ' m also aware that gilbert 's likely to have duplicates to all the keys in the place .
' but linda wilks was a local girl and elmhurst 's a small place .
i thought his reluctance to leave his wife stemmed from concern for me , worry about my reputation in such a small place . '
' pretty fast too , considering the patients were milling about the place . '
what a shame the victim is a girl with no name , no face , and no i d , found in a place she had no business beinga private psychiatric hospital .
maybe he should quit before he did something that could land him back in mansfield or some place worse , if there was some place worse .
maybe he should quit before he did something that could land him back in mansfield or some place worse , if there was some place worse .
the shops in these places , he knew , would be gated closed at eleven pm .
those places are so far away , and i do not know these people .
london can be a cruel place , miss krinkle .
` ` so you gas the place . ''
do n't get me wrong , this place is nice but the people here are poor , their families are poor .
` ` yeah , most of the women in this place are in love with you . ''
you know , you re not the one who s gone through shit in this place .
she said , i reminded the driver that i could nt do anything with the police crawling all over the place , and i reassured him that i would take care of him later .
the san bernardino sheriffs are looking all over the place for youand the fbi .
the fuckin place was coming apart at the seams .
this place smells just like it did twenty five years ago , melvin shouted above the music at the man .
anywherejust to get away from this place .
jerry tells me you re a man who wants to go places , torres commented as johnny sank gracefully down into the leather seat across from him .
eleanor channing was the product of a less than ideal upbringing and she had grown up in some pretty rough places .
a fact that can be related back to this place .
` ` nice place '' he said .
this kid lived here and i would bet money he was absorbing everything that he could learn about this place .
it was hard for me to leave the safety of the bank , but i felt drawn to the place , really .
this place is the epitome of creepiness .
out - of - town hunters are creeping all over the place .
i bet barney is turning in his grave over the looks of this place .
and look at this place .
the address was in a low - to - middle income area , a place i did n't imagine produced many tanoan country club members .
he 'd buy rounds for the whole place . ''
` ` i ' ve decided i ca n't stand this place any more .
` ` i thought i 'd just go home and run the place by myself , but i did n't have the say - so in it . ''
safe , hell , he may as well put a count dracula coffin in the back room the place is so dark .
peterborough was a nice place , once famous for canoes .
it was still a pretty place , even if i did nt appreciate it right then .
this place needs the long arm of the law , and one guys arm is nt nearly long enough in these woods .
the place , well , that s different .
you probably have nt even heard of the place .
like any place else , they have a number of year - round residents , and kids that need to be taught .
it had been a scenic ghost town for a few decades before some local kids torched the whole place .
and half the time the place is dead calm , especially in the morning .
maybe it was the snake - pit of politics at the place .
a lot of the businesses are in arizona and utah and places like that .
you got ta like green and blue if you come to this place .
so he started using any name he could remember , and even then those were the days before phone books the place ended up with names like 12 - mile bay : and go home bay .
must know the place pretty well .
there are monsters all over the place .
shed spent most of his deposition asking him questions about why he frequently flew from pittsburgh to places like cleveland , philadelphia , and baltimore if he was so terrified of flying .
but , you could tank your career at a place like prescott .
she said three months was the right amount of timelong enough to get to know a place ; not long enough to tire of it .
officer spicer had said that the nursing home where mrs . jenkins lived was nt the nicest place in the world , and now that i was inside it , i had to agree .
if they had missed anything , or it had been among the stuff they brought back on wednesday , rafe would have found it when he searched the place on thursday .
clarice either switched out summer and winter clothes twice a year difficult in a place like nashville , where it can be either 75 or 25 in january or the clothes were like the furniture : out of style , but too financially or sentimentally valuable to throw away .
if walker was here , it was probably just to see the place .
and while he s at it , tell him to get her out of that god - awful place and into someplace nicer , or ill do it myself .
see , she blackmailed brenda fifteen years ago that was how she came to be working for brenda in the first place and she was still doing it when brenda died .
i figure we could grab some trash bags and some rakes and stuff and go clean the place up .
there was probably thirty old cups lying around here before we cleaned this place up .
up until that time we had viewed our city as a nice place , a wholesome living community : corona .
an eyewitness told police he saw something strange take place between benjamin and leo moments before the accident .
keith told me one night when they d come into the city for dinner that a lot of the old beat poets used to fill their beaks at specs , as well as toscas and vesuvios and a few other long standing north beach havens , and the place still felt isolated from a world running on fiber optics , computer chips and wireless information waves .
still , there was something ... . ` ` just what do you mean , ' what you ' ve heard of this place ' ? ''
` ` a lot of junk in one corner and water pipes and electrical wires all over the place .
he 'd answered some ads and visited some places , ending up there .
she was the type of woman you might see on the subway wearing a white suit -- the kind of woman who made you question how she managed to stay so clean in such a dirty place .
i was the breathing , walking reminder that a respectable man 's face had been blown away where they lived -- where they did their grocery shopping , where they picked up their prescriptions , where their dogs played -- the place where you could n't even hear the highway .
we combed the place .
you ever hear of a place called jonestown , guyana ?
its just the place where she grew up , hafidha said .
if you did nt have the time , he repeated , what were you doin takin time off to come visit katy right now in the first place ?
how d you know my officer was in there clear in the middle of that place ?
uncle clarence lives and breathes places like these , i explained .
well , not any moren you have to , bein inside that there nasty place . ''
this place does look a lot like that hotel where that thing crawled in bed with you , twila said .
you know we got proceedings in the works to condemn that place .
outside in the hall , people were running all over the place .
joes , aw shit you know i hate that place .
which means he s running the place .
is it this place growing on you , or have you rubbed off on them ?
maybe you know the place , mackenzie trucking .
he would have two opportunities , once in londons hyde park , and once in a meeting in the place pigalle district of paris .
another girl lost to heroin , who did nt seem the type to do drugs in the first place .
people loved this place .
i think its because so many of them come from places of privilege , they feel entitled to success .
did you see the place ?
this place is all about money .
the police would nt take that much notice of a pair of women pottering about the place .
i m so glad were not going anywhere near that place , hilly , mother would nt like it if she thought i was exposed to that sort of thing .
nanny may and i did nt talk much about the place .
the cops were crawling all over the place yesterday .
` ` he does n't care about the place , '' i said .
` ` is his family still running the place ? ''
they sort of came with the place .
i ' m out of the country quite often , and i need someone to keep an eye on the place .
when i realised lady bayfield had been murdered , i did n't want people to think i 'd been roaming around the place .
my mommy thinks there is something odd about this place , she laughed suddenly .
what s a nice place like this doing with a girl like you in it ?
and i bought binoculars and have been down the street from here , watching this place for the past few days , so i could find out what was going on .
` ` so i guess you 're anxious to see this place ? ''
` ` before we start emma , i want you to know , this really has more to do with my own curiosity then the legal matters of chatterton place . ''
she did n't understand what he meant by chatterton place , but went on to answer all of his questions anyway , even confirming three times that she and beth were her grandmothers only granddaughters .
you ready to go see this place ? ''
` ` you say you ve never heard of this place ? ''
` ` what does adam have to do with this place ?
she just never said anything about this place .
` ` tell me , everything you know about this place ? ''
old johnny must have felt they were a bit of a necessity , with forty of so kids running about the place . ''
the valley had always been a prosperous place , filled with deer , fish , and all sorts of other edible things .
you always make me out to be thewell i ' m telling you now , that place is nothing but trouble . ''
` ` it 's senseless to pretend that place is ever going to be anything but a bottomless pit to drop money into . ''
` ` what do you have against this place ? ''
he may not agree with the way the place was to be run , but he still cared that she wore clean clothes .
` ` i ' ve never seen such a peaceful place . ''
mrs . haager said you knew this place like the back of your hand . ''
should she just turn her back on the place ?
they ll have to come to me to run the place . ''
she was the first true taker , on the pamphlet emma had sent out , or at least , would be , after she could see the place herself .
` ` labor , i thought the place was on fire . ''
` ` i ca n't watch what this place will do to you . ''
besides , if you had to put up with all the bull that has flown around this place in the last two days , i would ve had to hospitalize you in provo . ''
why did he insist , that the place was going to do things to her ?
not a thing , monday the place will be back to normal , and he still wo n't be here to help . ''
she only touched on the purification plant for the drinking water and the many wells that were used to keep the place looking so green .
` ` jim you ca n't leave me alone to run this place . ''
mike barked , i do n't know what the hell this place has done to you , but come to your senses and lay down till the ambulance gets here . ''
` ` this place has made me strong .
` ` perhaps this place is making you strong smelling that is . ''
shelly added ` ` right and we can sing carols all over the place '' lydia even seemed to be in the swing of the discussion .
nonetheless , that was her last excursion , away from the place without an escort .
` ` i told you , this place will kill you .
it has nothing to do with the place . ''
never venturing out , to find out what was going on around the place .
even then , he never uttered a word of what was happening around the place , shed had to turn to the kids for that .
the whole place has been planning for it for months , and tonight it all comes together , with the first of the hayrides .
` ` after all you re the one who 's always saying this place is going to kill me . ''
he d finally found a lovely niche for himself , a comfortable job in a pleasant place .
rats all over the place , gettin in from the school playground , i reckon .
he d flatten anyone who bad - mouthed this place .
he introduced himself and dean , and asked them to go about their normal routines , but to refrain from discussing the events taking place with anyone , especially the press .
he felt much better now - somehow the decency of the inspector had given him hope that he could maybe stay in his job , in the little place he was growing to appreciate .
that was the river blimey , yer do nt know nuffink about this place , do yer ?
i mean , we now have geologists crawling all over the place , and the development has got to have something to do with all this .
what if it was the name of a place like ... .. angies den ?
pebbletons such a small place compared to london ... i wonder what he s like in his city job ?
* * * * * about the author deb baker has lived in all the places she portrays in her books and knows many of the characters in her books .
the battle that took place lasted off and on for a year and at the end of that year , god informed the devil he was going to place his protective seal on dallas and his immediate family .
sirens approached and cops swarmed all over the place .
but we both know that all the more expensive metals were stripped from this place a long time ago .
` ` we have some people up there now going over the place .
the word later brought him back to the primary reason he stopped at this million mega - watt caravansary in the first place .
it was still a filthy day : the rain was coming on stronger again now and art suddenly just wished to be away from this place .
what a scary place london then ?
i had to scare away some bloody kids myself the other night , always hanging around the place at night they are .
this place has been on the chopping block for about two years now .
fact is , i do nt recall ever hearin of such a place , how about you , jim .
we still use the older kind with a combination here in the coachella valley ; other places in the real estate business have switched over to electronic ones .
its not a bad drive from san francisco , we would spend weekends at the ballantines hotel , that was before the gay resorts were all over the place like they are today .
i ve included both of those places in the report that is in my car .
well there are a lot of people that ca nt do what you do at home , so they come to a place like ours .
some places would have called jerrie a snitch , or a stoolie ; he was nt any of those in henrys mind .
sometimes i think he was a little liberal with claiming who lived some place .
dublin was a place unlike any shed ever seen .
get forensics down here as soon as you can to give this place the once over .
he had received various postcards over the next two years from far flung places like singapore , kuala lumpur and sydney .
there was silence for a minute or so as they both thought about the plight of mr saul barraghan before kathy added that s what this place does to you , defeats you .
get forensics crawling all over the place .
london is a crazy place , nothing surprises me any more , in fact the only thing that would surprise me is if we managed to get through a weekend without a stabbing , murder , drug incident , fighting , robbery and all the other mad stuff that we can never seem to control .
london was a crazy place , no matter what day and what time of the day it was there was always traffic .
and tanginika , well its not really a persons name , its a swahili place name .
this place is ancient , it might have a tape player lying around somewhere .
they thought gettys idea of a payphone for guests was a wonderful idea only putting in the payphone in the first place was too pricey !
next thing i know , i get a call from the ritz in paris , of all places , and we have a blazing row about everything and do nt see each other for i do nt know how long .
` ` i 'll be glad to leave this place .
if it is immoral to let a child be raised in poverty , then is nt it also immoral to give birth to that child in the first place ?
why did they abandon this place ?
i knowwe can pay this place off and its taxes for years , and we are nt saying how .
and what a great place you ve got here , jack .
yes , god has been celebrated here , but he never seemed to like the place .
unemployment in cincinnati was over ten percent , even higher in some places around there .
` ` anyway , when i got to the castro it was a very sad place .
nothing in this bloody place is straight , starting with the landscape . '
there were accommodations for men such as himself in london , but it had been many years since he 'd had recourse to such a place .
this place might not have a zip code for another decade .
` ` we have agents all over this place .
` ` you know what i love about this place ? ''
` ` soon as my brother shows , i ' m done with this place '' _ he turned a cold , dead glare on mclaughlin _ '' and with you . ''
he was asking questions about this place , as if he had n't been here for a couple weeks .
of course , there are a few things i have to put up with to work in this wonderful place , and one of them was bearing down on me .
these places were n't supposed to let anyone in under the age of twenty - one .
` ` with this place ? ''
this place is what makes us , pardon the teenage vernacular , cool . ''
` ` who runs this place ?
she claims that she 's from a place called breman , indiana , but we ' ve checked the books .
he 'd left home at eighteen , kicking the dirt off his shoes and vowing to avoid the place whenever possible .
after the first divorce , herschel 's mother fled the place and resettled in memphis .
` ` it 's a tough place .
white , age about sixty , long neat hair , a nice - looking guy , and , as always , jake marveled at how anyone could survive for so long in a brutal place like parchman .
jake had always loved the place , with its rows of thick treatises and faded portraits of dead judges and confederate generals .
you can learn a ton about a place and its people .
jake had known many blacks who 'd gone to school at burley , and while they were always grateful for an integrated system , there was usually a twinge of nostalgia for the old place and the old ways .
bill west said he 'd heard the fbi had just raided the offices of two supervisors down in polk county , a notoriously corrupt place , and this ignited a round of condemnation from almost everyone but jake and dell .
the town 's not a big place and not that pretty , but , man , what scenery .
` ` christ , i hated this place . ''
calling him in the first place had been a mistake .
the place was new wave , which was to say old wave , and proud of it .
` ` then you know places like this exist .
the place is n't just alarmed .
it 's obvious that this could not have taken place . ''
it was a place that was comically shielded from the rest of the world , consisting of a bizarre rock , about three quarters of a square mile of town and an airport that began and ended in the sea .
immature to say but the place gave him the creeps .
business was always good when you worked homicides in a place like manhattan , but in the summer the whackos really came out of the woodwork .
it would be much too disruptive to have a ton of policemen all over the place and try to operate a first - class medical facility .
camron probably has the place wired with explosives and if he gets even slightly suspicious , he will blow the place up . ''
` ` nice place , no ? ''
since they never had aids in the first place , their tests came back negative .
here , at night , it looked like a real place - but for the first time a place i could see .
` ` here 's what 's not beautiful about it : from here , you ca n't see the rust or the cracked paint or whatever , but you can tell what the place really is .
this place was boring .
apparently , something remarkable was taking place .
the place did n't scare me at all anymore .
` ` i guess i ' m wondering if it was the place or the people .
then i go to the osprey that morning , partly because i just do n't feel ready to leave yet , and partly because i want to clean the place up for you .
` ` you 're a good woman , lily , but this place is not friendly to blacks . ''
` ` this place is horrible , '' he warned me , unlocking the door and pushing it open .
but who have we here , in my old place ? ''
i ' m sure you 'll like it even more than this place . ''
i figured being close to the old man to follow his every move might just be the reason why he vacationed here in the first place .
just a rich man returning to the one place he adored as a child .
when things did n't work out and she met someone else , she moved to florida and forgot about the charm of this place . ''
maybe someone had panicked , and our discoveries were the reason why jett 's father was murdered in the first place .
the radiator heat was beyond stifling , but you needed that in a place where kids were frequently getting undressed .
once the , uh , release took place , i wanted out .
everything was rusted in this place .
` ` do you think it would be possible to get a cup of coffee in this place ? ''
` ` that 's the name of the place , '' big cyndi said .
a rough trade place complete with a reputation for violence - it was a natural recipe for disaster .
sure , there was unhappiness and dissatisfaction and fights and all that , but he still thought that this was the ` ` dealest '' place he had ever been .
this place was giving him a headache .
lots of places have them .
probably still do in some places .
it was how he always saw the place .
` ` this place is fine . ''
the town was so stuck in the sixties , the kind of place where people still wore unkempt beards and black caps and looked like seals and crofts at an outdoor concert .
` ` i hated that place . ''
` ` this place is a pigsty , '' her mother said .
` ` you may have gone into that place an okay guy .
if that included some boasting or banter , so be it , but places like this were much more about inebriation than consolation or conversation .
he travels for weeks at a time visiting these places .
most places would be in early- to mid - shift by then .
in this place , the lyrics were supposed to be a sexy come - on , but if you listened closely , phil oakey , the lead singer , made you feel the pain and shock of having your heart broken .
there are army guards all over the place .
he wondered what the russian people would think when they learned two heirs had survived yekaterinburg and hid in america , a place the entire nation had been taught for decades to mistrust .
` ` you know this place is a grease pit , right ?
gage needed a break from this place , too .
every time i got within three feet of the place , or your school , your father had men waiting for me .
but though he came from a similar background across the harbor in charlestown , condon did n't come from the unique place at issue - south boston .
` ` the machine came out of the place .
the report documenting the so - called annual review included a time and date , but morris later admitted : ` ` i do not believe such a meeting took place . ''
a friend drove him into southie , a place he had been avoiding .
we ' ve been cut off from snide glances and hateful words like ` ` slut , drunkard , loser '' for so long that he fears going back to that place .
some of the houses have acres and acres of trimmed lawns , decorative fountains gushing in the front yard and glittering lamborghinis parked in the driveway - a place more suited for beverly hills than the suburbs of philly .
i remember being young , trying to navigate what 's wrong and what 's right in a place where lines blur so very often .
she sees a father who loves his children , buying them fancy things and sending them to exotic places to show his affection .
was n't that why girls came to these places dressed like that in the first place ?
it was her favorite thing about this place .
` ` i do like this place .
` ` this place is a total roach motel , '' sharon said , tossing her suitcase onto the bed and throwing clothing onto the floor until she uncovered her pink bikini .
` ` it really did a number on this place , did n't it ? ''
new york seemed to be a magical place .
she was sitting in new york city , and she had n't even explored the place .
you have n't even seen the place . ''
this place was crazy .
please do n't take it as a slight against this place . ''
gretchen 's desk at home was covered with knick - knacks , postcards of exotic places , and a stack of unpaid bills .
` ` you really ought to let me do a feature about this place on my blog , em .
i need to be able to go places that i went with her .
you 're there and going places ; i ' m here and going to school . ''
are n't f**king food trailers all over the place there ? ''
then dad would be home and i 'd leave this place behind me .
this place is a damn zoo , '' mase replied , and looked back at me .
i never thought i 'd be happy again when i walked out of that place , but then grant had been there and he 'd let me cry all over him .
i know we talk about this place like a prison , but that 's what it 's like for us .
nothing mattered here , in this place with its marble hallways and learned men walking the halls .
` ` just ignore her man ; she 's been all over the f**king place since dee started with those f**king p**sy drinks . ''
i do n't like the way you saunter down the school halls like you own the place , and i really do n't like the way you throw corn kernels at the band table every day .
i was familiar with the place , the mansion down on the lake .
what had possessed a girl who believed sun was essential to life to go to school in a place where the winters ran frigid and long ?
but for jude , someone who 'd come from not exactly a destitute family , but a poor one , before spending five of his teen years in a boys ' home where hot dogs and canned vegetables were an every night occurrence , this place probably seemed like a foreign land .
to parents whose children did n't grow up in new york city , it was a place where murder happened around every corner and a criminal was lurking in every shadow .
that place is a tetanus shot waiting to happen , '' he said , sounding defensive .
` ` you hate that place . ''
` ` i bet you do n't get too many shotgun weddings in a place like this . ''
he takes her hands and says , ` ` because this place is the best .
this place is toxic ; our whole f**ked - up family is poison .
and this place is way classier than la salle 's .
t thinks you 're fantastic and i value her opinion above anyone else in this place . ''
that place is like a hotbed for juicy sexy scandal anyway .
i want to get away from that place , not hang out there on my night off . ''
so i shoved it aside , put on a happy face like i 'd done so many times before and went about my day , trying to get acclimated to a place that felt like it was a foreign country .
` ` although , will said he heard about some pretty rough stuff he got involved in at that place . ''
it 's a place that you obviously love . ''
this place is killing my head . ''
` ` this place is sick , rave . ''
from what i could tell from the pictures online , it seems like a pretty hip place .
` ` getting a little sick of this place . ''
he was going to get out and see places .
i ask you today to spare a few minutes to feel the peace we enjoy in this place we call ' the lucky country ' and know that it 's people like jake , who give of themselves , that enable us to do so .
hadley also might have hopped on a train to st . louis to burn the place down .
she did n't feel comfortable talking to him in a place she thought of as home , so she certainly would n't feel any better somewhere else .
we arrived in michigan as i grew nervous to be back to a place that harbored such bad memories .
i know how much you hate that place . ''
when i saw it , it just reminded me why i never wanted to go on a date with you in the first place .
people rushed past me with microphones and cameras , cords running all over the place .
` ` this place is really pretty , '' i said softly .
i do n't like this place . ''
the first of which was that i had a career in the music industry as a lead singer in a band that was going places .
he was starting to stink the place out and scare all the nurses , '' coby told me .
we did bomb the place for infestations though .
` ` anyway ... '' evie ignored mac ` ` ... jared and i are here for a couple of days while the place is being fumigated for every pest that ever lived . ''
both of us obviously with no spanish genes , in a place that is clearly not a tourist town , him dressed in expensive black slacks and shoes , which were probably shiny at one time but are now covered in a fine layer of dirt .
as i stand here at the end of a driveway of a place familiar yet so foreign to me , i realize that i ca n't feel myself .
i ' m pretty certain now that she 's long gone from this place .
it 's keeping up your spirit and remembering why we chose theatre in the first place .
i think you 'll like this place . ''
this place had a heartbeat all its own .
this place bled with history and tragedy , and in comparison it made the wounds of my past seem like scratches .
` ` maybe this place is magic , and whatever we say comes true .
the small village of riomaggiore was set into a cliff side on the italian riviera , and i knew from the moment that i stepped off the train that i was going to love this place .
` ` are you still okay with me working around the rest of the place if i wear something less ... '' i glanced down at my clothing , trying to paraphrase it , ` ` intense ? ''
maybe he lived some place else and only worked there .
` ` did n't expect to see you around this place ever again , walker .
the world 's mostly a nasty place with nasty people .
gretchen and giselle talked about their modeling careers and the exotic places they ' ve been .
one of the girls in my inorganic chemistry class has this great hair , she looks like rainbow bright , she swears by this place .
the hotels here were n't as nice as the places downtown , but they were right up asa 's alley .
dario insisted we were the better band , that we could go places and do things artifice had only come close to , and while i took it as a compliment , they were things i just did n't want .
` ` she forgave him for what happened with you , but what happened with you was also an eye opener about why they were even together in the first place .
you could have met someone there and gotten out of this place . ''
it was a stupid , white girl reaction to being in a dive of a place that was perfectly normal in this over - populated city .
rushing , he added , ` ` have you been anywhere else , other than your home in melbourne and places you 'd visited before ? ''
the thought of what these places offered in broken , subservient women enticed the blackness and made me tremble with sick wanting , but i was also stronger than i 'd ever been .
to : tess snow tessie , i ' m so glad to hear you 're in a better place .
there 's graffiti all over the place .
` ` never have i ever , '' i breathed out finding it hard to concentrate with his mouth and fingers going places .
` ` this place is good , '' matt said .
it 's a really bad scene , and a year and a half ago i 'd never have dreamed of coming to a place like this .
nothing about this place is making me happy , not even the music playing outside or the people i came here with .
in the end , i barely looked like me , and i never want to go back to that place again .
this place is brilliant for my self - esteem .
in the end the only thing that got me through was the belief that she was just too good for this place .
she was just too good for this place . '
nate had certainly grown up in a lovely place .
in the midst of my jack - shattered heart , new york seemed to be the only place that could mend it .
this place used to be a speakeasy .
god damn davey and god damn mama and god damn this podunk town where nothing good ever happened and i felt like the only ambitious crab in a pot full of slacking motherfuckers who grabbed at me with their claws and dragged me back in , over and over , every time i tried to do one god damn thing that made me feel better about myself , or to experience a flash of brilliance about life outside of this god damned place .
it 's like lots of places , you know ?
everyone has a sad story - around here we have more tragedy and misery than most places , but no one 's really poor in those .
i just - i mean look at this place .
the grunge music the guys could growl out nice and easy , around here their throats scarred from nearly thirty years of smoking , and beer , and construction , and the harsh reality of just breathing in and out in a place that could get stifling if you could n't leave .
joe i was going to get a contagious disease from this place , was n't i ?
` ` thank you for going places with me that most people would n't .
he whispered , ` ` try not to let this place run your life , lexi . ''
` ` yeah , from more conservative places .
you think with your heart , and you have such a brilliant mind , one that can see how to run this place perfectly .
these were the wrong clothes for a place like this , but it was too late to do anything about it now .
if this place is as good as they say , i 'll find someone , too .
most people never get a chance like this , and he knows he should feel lucky , but he 's going to miss this place .
and , then i was thinking about why i went to grad school in the first place .
em cleaned the place up .
i 'd heard all sorts of stories about these places .
` ` the only places i ' ve ever been are new jersey where grams lives and austin .
he dialed jason and i waited impatiently beside him , desperate to leave the place .
i think the school system is f**ked up , but it has so much potential , and this one place is doing it right .
bruce was my safety net , my reason for taking the stripper job in the first place .
i think you could really go places . ''
from the first day i saw him in the vip room of that awful place , we ' ve belonged to each other .
the sound of flicking papers carried down the line an instant before kenny said , ` ` some place called bellagio .
he drove home to change and get his passport , then straight to the airport where the company 's private plane would take him all the way to the place he visited not that long ago .
we 're not in new york where we know the place . ''
the place was a surgically sanitary haven for the rich who were on the verge of leaving this world .
` ` i ' m glad alessandro is taken care of in such a nice place . ''
it was beautiful and yet ... this place and the meaning the collar represented made it ugly .
but in a place like that , it was n't easy .
` ` still , i hated that place .
a mother who risked everything in order to get her son out of a horrible immoral place .
i could n't imagine what his mother must have gone through living with raul then being pregnant with logan and raising a child in that place .
he 'd grown up in that place , and still , he managed to be strong and determined and fight for what he wanted in life .
` ` you know what the first thing my mother taught me in that place ?
` ` i grew up in a shit place with shittier people who had no morals or values .
these are the kinds of places i avoid at all cost , because i ca n't breathe very well in them .
` ` i do n't know why he 's talking to me and asking me to go places . ''
` ` and you survived that place . ''
` ` star grove does n't look nearly as bad as this place . ''
` ` i ' ve been thinking about taking a vacation from this place . ''
the place is a real shithole , and for once i 'd just like to play somewhere where people are n't wasted .
i want to play in a place that is n't shitty , where people listen and understand .
i ' m not thrilled to have to play in places where people barely listen .
` ` lila- '' i hurry out of the dining room , heading for the stairs , but at the last second , i turn for the foyer , taking long strides , eager to get the hell away from this place , just like my sister , abby , did .
finally she selects a song : ` ` this place is a prison , '' by the postal service .
no one 's ever made her feel special , given her birthday presents , taken her to places , and i ' m pretty sure neither her mother nor father have told her they love her .
we always said we 'd go places when we were kids .
the place has a different vibe , like underneath the new layers of sand and dune grass , it 's still devastated - or maybe it 's me who feels that way .
i 'd rather leave and die on the sidewalk than stay in that place . ''
marty speaks and the memory shatters - he does n't know what this place does to me .
she 's at defcon 1 and ready to nuke the place .
honestly , the place creeps the crackers out of me , but sean would n't have sent me here if it was n't safe .
i hold onto him for a while , the way i did at the club , and wonder what ghosts haunt this place .
and with all of that in mind , i eventually bit the bullet and made my way to gulfport , the place where my parents and i had lived for a few years while they were trying to go legit .
` ` it 's kind of a rich place , is n't it ?
i could show the world that it was n't such a bad place when it really , really was .
we fled from that place like it was a life and death situation and i 'd grown up believing it was .
` ` you could have picked a better place . ''
i met camden in high school , a place that taught me kill or be killed better than my parents ever could .
he shrugged like javier jr . ` ` if you were a smart man , you 'd leave this place .
going places .
travis has places all over . ''
the place he described growing up did n't seem too much different from this place .
the place he described growing up did n't seem too much different from this place .
` ` is this place really that bad ? ''
` ` this place is cool , it 's cool . ''
i do n't think this place is as heavily armed as i thought .
derek had told us that javier kept gus in the city of oaxaca , a place we had already driven through on our way to guatemala and honduras .
was i wrong about this place ?
i had only been able to get four days off from my job at the hospital , and now i wished i had more in this beautiful place .
as someone who never expected to travel , and never had the desire to either , i had n't paid much attention to the places i could go .
it was as if mother nature herself was telling me that i did n't belong in this place .
` ` owen , this place is your life .
` ` i thought you loved that place ; why are n't you rushing back to it ? ''
` ` i ca n't wait to knock you up and have a whole team of little baseball players running around this place ! ''
i constantly found myself in awe of this place , with its massive buildings and old architecture .
this place is n't even italian .
she 's not hard enough for this place or for these people .
` ` this place is nice , but ... seriously ? ''
this place is nothing like where i ' m from , and i jump when someone walks by us .
there are men stacked up like cord wood all over the place .
i 'd never really heard of these places save for the occasional tv ad asking / imploring people for aid .
` ` what is it about this bloody place ?
i had no idea someone so elegant could come from such an interesting place like a cattle ranch .
and being in charge at his age ... it seemed he already was going places .
the place would go absolutely crazy if it happened .
matt and griffin were leading the way , sneaking around corners like we were robbing the place .
we were in atlanta , georgia , a place i had always wanted to visit , and the boys were doing an early afternoon in - studio radio interview .
that place is hot right now . ''
it 's a really pretty place .
that club was a bit nicer than this place , but i actually prefer this club .
walking into this place had bolstered my bravery .
` ` this place is good .
it was more makeup than i usually went with , but i thought it would suit a place like the dime just fine .
the world can not have been a beautiful place for you , but it becomes so beautiful through those paintings of yours .
she 'd try to burn the place down , the crazy twit . ''
a little over - dressed for this place ?
not for his good looks , or charms , but because he had some great ideas and strong feelings about becoming partner , so i let him go in on the place . ''
the place is n't that big . ''
this place was a meat market and she was a delicious , juicy steak .
` ` apparently there are places that are just friendly . ''
that place 'll be swarming with rag - heads . ''
i am in this huge , fast , busy , wealthy place .
i guess she was right , because without her , i 'd have never worked for mr . hunter in his fancy office , or come to this pretty place . ''
for a girl raised in a small town in the south , he imagined it was a very different sort of place .
he 'd spent a lot of money to get her all gussied up tonight and this place truly was something she 'd never forget .
` ` i always forget about this place , '' trev mumbled around chipmunk cheeks , then swallowed .
and that place had been the epitome of stupid .
` ` no , honey , she did n't remember the place . ''
` ` did your mother also love this place ? ''
why come to this amazing place and choose to be miserable ?
i ' m about to change everything you like about this place . ''
he also would have said the last place he wanted to be was new york .
my pulse skipped , thinking that in a few short days we 'd be on numerous planes destined for places like london and paris - cities i 'd never been to before .
i figured he can keep an eye on the place .
what 's this place turning into ?
this place has been my whole life .
that place is the shit .
` ` with the right help , you could go places impossible for you , otherwise . ''
` ` i like all those places , '' i whisper .
i can probably tell you more about this place than anyone else , including some pretty freaky ghost stories , if you 're into that kind of thing . ''
and when the three of us are together , we go places none of us can go as individuals . ''
but finally being here at college , hundreds of miles away from that place and all its history , maybe there was hope that i would be able to find my way back to the person i used to be .
i was ready to get away from the place that held so many bad memories , that for the past six months i had counted down the days ' til our move here .
it was n't as though i was scared of the dark , but places like this creeped me out - and it would creep out any sane person really .
you only read about places like this , or saw them in some movies .
a few months ago i could n't wait to get out of my home town , get away from the place that held the darkest memories that i thought would swallow me up and drag me down , holding me in their darkness forever .
he was supposed to never get out that place .
when he lost all his money and the property went into foreclosure , i thought for sure i 'd have to return to my dusty hometown , the place where dreams went to die .
i know ivy 's brother gage emerson is a high - powered real estate hotshot who helped matt find the winery in the first place .
i ' m fascinated with her being from texas only because that 's the last place i figured she 'd be from , for some reason .
i ca n't stand the way some places make their drinks scalding , so delaney always makes sure it 's a civilized temperature . ''
` ` i see you like this place now ? ''
` ` the job takes me places but i never really get to see them .
even worse than that - and this was the clincher - she 'd only slept with him in the first place for money .
` ` in some places that is n't a problem , '' she replied , with a giggle .
` ` like sex up the place ? ''
that literally made mairi a resident of a place called the island of dreams , and it was aptly named with its turquoise waters and white powder - fine sandy beaches , along with the emerald hills in the south and the glittery resort town up north .
throughout the years , she had seen him coldly break women 's hearts , dozens of them , and she had thought the women were stupid for falling for him in the first place .
however , it was still a hospital gown , and she could n't leave the place still dressed in it .
other places , sure .
i appreciated him starting fresh with me , but it was also beneficial for him to leave the old place and the memories behind .
of course nick loved this place .
` ` when i started remembering things , i remembered a diary entry about this place .
you should have seen the place .
before los angeles was a place , it had a tar pit .
there were lots of places to stay .
then you want them to feel good that you 're in a place that 's nice and gettin ' nicer ?
it felt like a place where people lived happily .
this place was n't a creepy , weird town lost in time that casey and i somehow found ourselves in and we 'd never get out because we 'd eventually either be captured , deprogrammed and reprogrammed as perfect , small town dwellers .
bad people too but that 's the way of the world and luckily , in mustang , there 's fewer than most places .
` ` glad you 're takin ' a chance on a decent life in a decent place that 'll treat you kind . ''
chapter twenty - three scarlet lady it was a nice place .
` ` that about says it all , '' i muttered back , looking from him to the table and wondering if i should pretend to have a crying jag at the passing of my husband and ask to be excused then get the first taxi , rental car , bus , train or plane out of lake como and go back to heartmeadow , indiana , a place sampson cooper had never been and one where he 'd more than likely never go and immediately enter what would probably be years of therapy to deal with this encounter .
i had spent my first day in lake como touring around riding the unbe - freaking - leivable high of breakfast with sampson cooper and riding the not as awesome but very close to it high of being in a stunningly beautiful place i 'd never thought i 'd be .
this was an odd thing to say considering you were in a foreign place to experience that place and not be home .
i ' ve applied three places .
i moved there because i liked the look of the place .
my head tipped back to look at him and seeing his sexy - drowsy face , his eyes warm on me , those locks of hair on his forehead , something happened to me that had n't happened since i was four years old and learned about the world i lived in which was a place i could never leave .
this was n't a big surprise and , truthfully , i might be concerned if he had a picture perfect house in a suburb that looked like ada haunted the place .
this place is crazed and you still offer a moment of sanity to a mother on the verge of breakdown .
and when he did think about it , he had n't brought it up in an effort not to argue because he loved her and he got she was in a rough place and had been for years , but it pissed him off she took it .
i 'd never really been to denver just the airport and a grocery store but it seemed like a lovely place .
` ` she was pissed , though she never gave a shit about this place .
the place is better . ''
do you think i 'd want more traffic on the road , the quiet and peace of this place ruined ?
thinking this moved me to thinking about phoenix , a place i liked , it had great shopping and excellent restaurants and out of this world mexican food .
the only other places she 'd been were austin , texas when she went on a very long joyride in her twenties with bessie and atlanta , georgia where ronnie 's people were from and where they 'd sometimes spend thanksgiving or christmas .
` ` you did not rot in that f**kin ' place for five years .
i ' m not big on wrongs not bein ' righted , wrongs bein ' righted are kinda why i got in the cop business in the first f**kin ' place , so i still feel i got ta do what i can do to make that happen . ''
he had connections all over the place , set up a network of sellers and , as a cop , he could provide them excellent protection .
not even when rowdy crabtree brought her father in on that trumped up charge for drunk and disorderly when silas goodknight had just been in bubba 's , a place he did n't frequent but he was n't a stranger .
the ones who come here from other places do n't give a f**k where they shit .
` ` i want to go places , see things , do things but always come right back here . ''
the kids ' folks will be here soon and i wan na do what i can to assure them their grandbabies are in a good place and , least one of 'em for a spell , had folks lookin ' out for him .
` ` you are n't livin ' in this place either . ''
been a lot of places and got treated kind .
then the recession hit , the tourist trade dwindled , the shop started to get in trouble , and i got deeper in that bad place .
the world was a dangerous place , but i was worse .
real name 's rhys , but we never go by birth names in this place . ''
just like her fear of a bath , she had to overcome her terror of this place .
if i did n't , i would ' ve lost my temper , made suzette cry , and undone the magic of this place .
i would n't be able to advocate feathers of hope if people knew what i 'd done in that awful place .
` ` this place is going to need a lot of cleaning up .
i can round up some girls to come and gut this place , '' phoebe said , standing beside him .
they 'll be there in an hour or so to start gutting the place . ''
` ` and you find this place more enjoyable ? ''
` ` are there people outside condemning this place again ? ''
if she woke up now she 'd scream the place down .
this place can get a little creepy at times , '' peter said .
` ` i used to live in this place , '' he said , staring up at the building .
` ` whatever , it was a great place . ''
it is a good little place . ''
daisy knew it was one of the reasons why she 'd begun visiting the club in the first place .
this place is going to go under if you 're not careful .
` ` this place is not going to last , william .
i was going to take my wife and children and leave this place because you 're all a waste of my time .
` ` i love this place as well . ''
a place she at once loved and hated with the same amount of passion .
` ` i love this place , '' she said .
the f**king place was a mausoleum , and they all hated her .
after what had taken place , he wanted to get home and enjoy the comfort of his wife .
we ' ve got a bunch of girls to transport , and if devil 's telling the truth , i do n't want to take a bunch of underage girls to a place where they f**k for a living . ''
` ` i ca n't believe how different this place is , '' gash said , coming to lean against the wall near where tiny was cooking .
ever since butch had left a month ago , this place had n't been the same .
no one goes to those places .
a lot of places closed down , and not all of them have been rebuilt . ''
` ` this place is a little busy for your tastes , is n't it ? ''
` ` this place was a f**king shit place to live .
there was no way tiny could just drive back into town shooting the place up .
the crash sent this place under .
the only reason he took the drugs in the first place was because she pushed him away .
` ` does this place have a dance floor and bar away from the gambling ? ''
the club helps everyone in town , even these places . ''
i get that you want some space away from this place , but , tate , this is your family .
` ` i hate this place , '' murphy said , slamming the door to the car closed .
` ` fuck , woman , how can i hate this place now ?
he 'd offered to help her out of the old place as he 'd lost count of the number of times he 'd found her sobbing .
` ` i know this place is hard for you . ''
he 'd never wanted to visit london , and at that moment , it was the worst place in the world .
you hate those places . ''
` ` i 'll miss this place .
` ` you do know it has been five years since my sister quit this place ? ''
why were so many people desperate for a piece of this place and that other club , possession ?
he paid her double what she 'd gotten for working in cadeon ashwood 's place .
` ` was he honest about this place ? ''
she despised this place and feared it with equal measure .
it 's like she did n't even exist the moment she escaped that f**king place , '' william said , cursing .
` ` i guess this place beats cockroaches and rats , '' lacey said , moving past him to sit on the end of the bed .
` ` this place is good though . ''
this place wo n't be the same without you here . ''
you really did a number on that place .
not get back together with an ex - husband she should have never married in the first place .
he 'd been raised in an area of los angeles where most normal people would never even enter ; a place where being weak , slow - witted or fragile in any way meant being destroyed .
he was currently in orlando , to visit disneyworld of all places , to realize one of kara 's dreams .
i f**king hate this place , '' he said vehemently , water still dripping from his face and hair , his expression fierce , his breath sawing in and out of his lungs so quickly that he looked like he was gasping for air .
i wanted to travel , see other places .
this place is n't so bad .
` ` i actually think i ' m going to miss this place , '' i said , as we loaded our bags into the rental car .
i feel weirdly comfortable with her , so i find myself answering right away , telling her all about my family problems and the reasons why i think i put up with mr . risinger in the first place .
in this world , a world i ' m beginning to learn is a cold and dark place , i fear being alone .
` ` this place is very -- '' poor ?
of course i remembered the place .
he talks about the places he has been to - papua new guinea , india , russia , the andes .
` ` i have a bad feeling about this place , lizzie . ''
` ` is this place always this zombified or is this just the graveyard shift ? ''
he wears a black wife beater over faded blue jeans , but there 's no doubt from the way he carries himself that he 's the boss in this place .
explaining why he was stranded on a beach in the first place was n't bound to make him look like the good guy that he 'd ardently professed he was .
she just wanted to get out this rotten place before she ended up like her younger sister , lana .
` ` i do n't want anything to come back to bite shannon or aubrey and a place like malvagio is n't something you keep around when you have a lot to lose . ''
lana , with her delicate features and gentle disposition , had been eaten alive in that place .
i guess , in a way , he did me a solid by making me stay in those terrible places . ''
we ' ve really got ta find this dealer before sin gets a reputation for being a place that pushes drugs . ''
` ` if you do , i 'll smash every piece of china in this place . ''
` ` i like this place , '' annabelle whispered to him .
they 'll have to pump out the water and shop - vac the place . ''
but you know how i feel about those places .
` ` this place is so fancy , '' she whispered .
his mom had tried to shield him from heartache his entire life , painting the world to him as a place full of sunshine and rainbows and cuddly kittens .
it must , because people with brain injures come from all over the place to get treated here .
that place in l.a . is not the best .
i ' ve heard it 's not fluffy - all kinds of prostitution goes on there , even some of the more hard stuff - but it 's nicer than most other places .
i want to see more of the place , and i missed my work - out today , so this is good . ''
it 's from a place called mighty 's .
he used to come out here and get all coked up , drinking everything besides that big ole water tower marchant uses to irrigate this place .
` ` i ' m going to miss this place , too . ''
` ` better place , better circumstances ... better guy . ''
some place that 's as beautiful as she is .
this place is like a bathhouse .
from this rehab place in napa , where i ' m from ... to this other one , in l.a . bad place , '' he exhales .
` ` so they sent you to a place that was n't good for what was wrong with you ? ''
` ` you came here , to the ranch , a place you probably dislike , because your buddy carlson was laid up here .
it 's not a bad place .
there were tables and all sorts of sex toys all over the place .
this world was so far from her own , a bigger , better place where unfaithful husbands and broken marriages did n't matter .
she 'd already sensed that this place , this country - both were integral to the man he was , but she could n't work out his feelings for it .
she knew she ought to be more accustomed to lucien 's idea of luxury , but this place was on another level again .
` ` and i love what this place does to you , '' he countered against her lips .
the place can drive you a little crazy if you let it .
` ` for mom 's sake , i ' m going to let you walk out of this place alive , '' dylan said , his voice low and steady .
` ` this place has been good to all of us , has n't it ? ''
the queens who went there had more attitude than any other place on the planet , and those who lived and worked there despised the tourists in spite of the fact that these tourists paid their bills .
the priest eventually chose god over him , and this made treston feel like hitting himself over the head with a two - by - four for getting involved with a priest in the first place .
i guess when you live in a place you take all these things for granted .
although these situations were legal in some cases in nevada , in places that were licensed for that sort of thing , they were n't in most others .
` ` i can clean the place up a little .
` ` why would you choose this nothing - little - town over a place like greenland ? ''
the fact that they looked so carefree , so un - infested by demons , unaware that the world was such an evil place .
this place was like an exotic vacation getaway , a mountain retreat .
right after junior high school , my parents moved me from st . charles , missouri to bethalto , illinois , of all places .
but not long after moving into the dorms , i could nt stand the place .
but it was amazing to see the place again .
i could nt breathe being in that town , the place that holds my bad memories .
` ` i just love this place .
some of the people in this place have been there twenty years and up .
it 's a funny place and it has the name of the castles moorish .
it did nt seem appropriated to express amusement in a place where people were suffering .
why not ask someone who knows the place best ?
` ` personally , that place gave me nightmares .
you ve no love lost on that place , and i ca nt believe you need money bad enough to show up just to play cards .
the same way i met her in the first place .
i m sure she s just about got the run of the place by now .
once she s back home and not being jostled around all over the place , shell be fine .
when they entered the hospital in auburn , dierdre thought it looked sterile and cold , the kind of place her mother hated .
well , it is nt very popular in this place , but it is known that i make the best hot chocolate in town .
caitlins horizons were not big , and unlike the other maids at the meyers house , she did not possess dreams of becoming wealthy , famous , or getting to travel to other places .
bill ... census form ... oh , this looks like a card ... from germany of all places !
unlike some places , they re not interested in arresting old men who are simply serving their customers .
she wants to be a writer like her father , well ... you do nt bloody have to go to vassar or those other places .
have you looked at this place ?
but despite her drugged state , anya insisted that the wedding take place .
he had never wanted to return to stowmarket having got the place out of his system once and for all .
so tell me ... .how did you end up in georgia of all places ?
you have family all over the place !
that s hard for me to truly understand , because i lived all my life in one place , until college and then until luke and i lived here .
the people who moved here from other places knew how the town had started and were either okay with that or were willing to overlook it .
kings a good town , a decent place .
flem was right , this place had money .
you live in a really nice place .
its a pretty nice place .
overhearing conversations between tourists from cities like new york and chicago made park city seem small , and dennis started thinking about what life was like in other places .
` ` that 's right , you can forget about moving up in this place .
` ` do you find anything odd about the place ? ''
` ` wise decision ; the place is a volcano waiting to explode .
maybe it is true that you can never go home again ; you can return to the place , but it will never be the same .
this place is crazy !
i knew , no matter what , i had to get away from jerrys parents and the place and the bad memories .
i m not joking , it really is a beautiful place .
i had lived more life , dated more men , traveled more places .
i really have no emotional ties to that place , bobbie .
ah , its a great place , beautiful scenery , nice people , great beaches .
he made it sound like a mythical fairy land , a place you d only dream about .
surely it had not been such a bad place after all he thought , so why not make a triumphant return .
` ` cause you can , little mr innocent , you know what you have been up to , just fix it and tidy the place up . ''
if rumors were to be believed , they knew of larger places too , huge pockets even , where the old world still held sway .
to live always in one , small place , even a place that held all the beauty and magic of the old kingdoms , would be unbearable .
to live always in one , small place , even a place that held all the beauty and magic of the old kingdoms , would be unbearable .
a minor infection in this place could wind up killing you .
though i had no desire to become chummy with the bog - scum who inhabited this place , my own unspoken contribution to the debate was that boredom was the greatest pain .
another ice age could have passed and still i would nt have been able to clean this place up .
it was like stepping into a place a hundred times more populated than arborton .
that s why i m determined to never think of you and this place again .
sometime later well have to start thinking about the sort of relationship we might have outside this place , removed from the magic of this house , beyond the games and the sex that brought us together .
i like that about this place .
do nt be so down about this place , claire said .
it was one of those places that never changed , and its people would take you back anytime with their arms wide open .
you see , in the other places he keeps the werewolves , there s really not too much , maybe fifty , seventy - five per place , but in these places , she shook her head , there s hundreds of them selena .
washington was a beautiful place , the rain and the green were all contributors to its splendor .
she s not hard enough for this place or for these people .
i ca nt help but wish i could somehow love this place .
i could nt help but wonder how much more kissing and touching would have gone on last night , had the accident not taken place .
its like a replay of the scene that just took place , except now summer is in my shoes .
the place blows up like never before .
the palm trees , to me the most beautiful of all trees , reminded me of the excellent decision i d made a few years ago in running away to a place where summer is king .
i said ; i did nt know why i wanted to go there , i guess i missed the place , just like i missed the person living in it .
if shed had any sense at all she would have stayed at home , problems and all - at least it was warm there , well , warm compared to this place , she amended .
johannesburg was not a place that allowed you to save .
the hospital was coldemotionlessand a place i will never forget .
i m no longer going to sit by and let this place demean me with words and actions .
and although luke does seem wealthy , i do nt know how the wheelchair will go over in a place like this .
this place has the best lobster rolls in new england ?
do they even have lobster in a place like this ?
i guess this is a place he comes to a lot .
leaving her best friend and the place she grew up would be almost as hard as losing her parents .
amber thought she would try her luck in this new place and decided to apply for the job after she woke up from a night of much needed rest .
this place has nt changed a bit .
she needed a change of scenery and wanted to get away from the place where she had lived with the maniac stalking her best friend .
he d left the reservation for a reason ; just the memory of the place brought him pain .
there s no getting out of this place like this .
almost ten years had passed since he d been back here , and the place did nt look much different .
but with what was taking place here today , surely an inquiry of some kind would need to happen ?
shards of glass and coffee puddled all over the place .
that place which is still a fledgling .
i do nt want to sound like a whiny rich jerk but what good is it when you have to stay cooped up in places where real people do nt exist ?
i came here to straighten out my life and despite their pretending not to know of my accident , this beautiful place is fast feeling like home .
you re right this place gives you a different perspective on people .
i did nt want her coming here to a place where people have no hope .
lucius thought how lucky he was that the queen lived in a place where people still trusted enough to pull over and offer a stranger a ride .
when emily and sariel said village i d hoped that it in their own weird way everywhere was a village and we d end up somewhere exciting , or at least busier than the places that my mom had dragged me to over the last sixteen years .
there had been peace in places that had only known war and offerings had been left at long forgotten temples .
you have ten seconds to get in that elevator and leave this place , he said , and the look in his eyes was unlike anything i d ever seen before .
the notorious julius fenton did not reside in either of these places .
even this horrible place could nt lessen her beauty .
we live like cucarachas in this place without enough food or clothes , but that does nt bother you , does it ?
he d never liked this place .
this place stinks and you stink !
unlike other places that catered only to the rich and well off , mermaid isle was more approachable and far more unique than any other resort town riley had ever been to , especially given its long history .
we ve managed better than most places with the slow economy , but worry clouded over her eyes and her shoulders slumped , though she was quick to recover .
most places like to put their own people in charge , which means they ll likely reshuffle or lay off most of the staff .
we ve all busted our butts to keep this place going , and that woman from holt has no respect for this place .
not when this place means so much to you .
ruined the place she loved most .
there s not much for the young folk around here , and i m sure if it were nt for me and this place , iain would ve also left long ago .
it d be nice to see new life brought into this old place .
he d been raised in an area of los angeles where most normal people would never even enter , a place where being weak , slow - witted , or fragile in any way meant being destroyed .
leaving her family , friends , and jason behind , she travels to places she s only read about , to find a father she s never known .
she told him that she had enjoyed seeing all the different countries during her year abroad , but that this place felt different .
what do you imagine papa would think of the place now ?
` ` actually , '' jenni said , ` ` emilia 's a friend of ellen 's , and she volunteered to take care of the place for a couple of weeks .
` ` apparently , she 's concerned that there 's some nasty weather coming in tonight , and felt you should be warned before going off canoeing all over the darn place .
` ` some places do ; some do n't , '' jenni said .
he looked at jenni and said , ` ` i feel like i ' m a bit underdressed for this place . ''
those three girls were friends , and they fell into the same stupid habit and left the place .
and make it the strongest thing we have in this place .
it 'll go from being a charming little hamlet to being a typical run - of - the - mill city you can find at thousands of other places in the country .
besides , i ve never even heard of this place ; that has to count for something .
even though , i still think you re damned crazy walking into that place without an army .
another part never wants to see that place again .
you re going to love this place , franklin .
he smiled , and kyrah wanted to slap him as he glanced around easily and added , this is nt such a bad little place .
i m not about to sentence her to spend the rest of her life in this miserable place .
in the years he d been gone he d come to miss this beautiful place where he d grown up , and he had fought very hard for his king .
you know , kyrah , it terrifies me more than ever to think of you alone in this dreadful place .
ye do nt see ladies like er much in a place like this .
women like her just did nt exist in places like this .
nobody from what he called a normal walk of life , visited these places .
however , brads funds had been greatly depleted in vagas due to all of the shows and places that he had visited .
anything he could learn about the place was going to help him when he finally arrived in the town of hays .
for the first time he understood why the townspeople were afraid of the place .
she was even madder now , because her stupid husband had condemned them both to this place .
this place is full of cats , he went on .
the place was a kids paradise compared to their new home in the east end of glasgow , where understanding the language was a challenge at the best of times , and religion was mainly practised in a place called celtic park , the faithful fervently praying for a winning goal , particularly if it was arch - rival rangers who were the visiting side .
lee was appalled by the tone of the article , and stunned that here in sydney of all places such a homophobic piece could be published .
the poor guys all over the place .
admitted scott as if this was a scandal , leaving lewis to wonder what was so great about the place .
one moment sean was at the wheel of a strange car in a place that seemed vaguely familiar .
this place could turn hostile in five minutes and eat us alive .
this place screams demons every place we turn .
there are events taking place that we ve never expected , and we ve got to get answers .
dump was a dark little place that had probably never seen better days .
everyone acted like demon possed zombies , but when they left this morgue of a place they were actually ... human .
even if i was accept back next year ( which was next to impossible ) there was no amount of money in the world that could drag me back to that place .
if the places where angels live are called as the heaven , then my school is the real heaven for me because i had my angel near to me only there .
the fact that all that had topped one of the tallest , curviest , most amazonian figures he 'd ever seen was what had compelled peter to change his course in the first place .
shed traveled all over the world , but l.a . was one of the few places she had never visited and she was quite excited .
ill just be sure the old man eats a hot meal and does nt burn the place down , then ill come back if the roads are nt too bad .
first , i do nt even know him , and secondly , why would i look for him if he left me in the first place ?
i love new orleans , but meeting you , it made this place some kinda boring .
mindy_larsen : well , for starters , orleans is a pretty busy place , and well , my aunts pretty busy with all those stuff she has to attend to , as u may knowand yes , ny is the city that never sleeps , but orleans is the place that never really made me sleepin a good way paulspears : becauseof me ?
mindy_larsen : well , for starters , orleans is a pretty busy place , and well , my aunts pretty busy with all those stuff she has to attend to , as u may knowand yes , ny is the city that never sleeps , but orleans is the place that never really made me sleepin a good way paulspears : becauseof me ?
vaughan hit him with a stone , somber look , his voice gravely serious , this place is worse than anywhere we ve been yet , harry .
this place kind of freaks me out , i whispered back , careful not to let my voice carry .
we both know , that under no circumstances can he be allowed to leave this place .
i imagined my sprint across the open fields and the swiftness of my feet as i fled this place .
oh , no , he said , no , she uhmshe rather started detesting the place sincesince before i went to wales .
` ` this place is full of magic , '' joseph stated , not familiar with the flavour , undecided if he liked it or not .
they all continued the chant , and slowly , they could see a change starting to take place .
maybe that s why leonard hid it here in the first place , a book of great magic hid in a place that magic does nt work properly , kevan suggested .
actually , i do nt , but you know the clue , so stop your pouting , and tell us what we need to know , so that we can get the hell out this place !
this place is starting to give me the creeps .
nate had a girlfriend , and even though perth was a very small place , shed probably never see him again .
she watched with delight as this whole scene took place , then cody placed his hand on her shoulder and directed her attention right , to where the mama lion was meandering into view .
he must have wanted to impress me by coming to such a nice place .
i reminded him of this place , of our younger selves .
better than what she thought a place like this would provide .
if she were smart , she would leave this place .
i m sure she will go places !
did my powerful politician brother going places know what a loser he had for a sister ?
take us on a few tours around the place , that kind of thing .
from what i hear , la would be a buzz compared to this place .
she had missed everything about this place and was glad to be back .
it was worse than this place .
it may sound silly , but i need to know he s in a nice place .
its been a while since i ve entered skyscraper city , and even though the name is fitting , i ve always thought of the place as gray city .
before i can question his chivalry or ponder the fact that i might actually like finding him waiting for me in my room one night or why i need protection from him in the first place , roland pockets his communicator tablet and jogs to the end of the hallway .
i was surprised to read that they 're doing some first - class science out of such a small place . ''
maybe he needed to get out more , go places where he was n't known .
it 's my favorite thing about the place .
no such event could have taken place otherwise .
it had threatened to send her over some unknown cliff edge into a place that felt both unsafe yet enticing .
the hero goes through time , watching the place in which he resides change with the passing years , until he comes to a time when the world is a violent place filled with monsters , rose volunteered with much delight .
and now there is this place that wants me because of my baby ; a place that wo nt see me as a bad girl .
while nolan said she did nt want to break up with greg because of the holidays , just how long had they been together , and why was she with him in the first place ?
shed loved this place when she was younger .
at least this place did nt bring back any bad memories .
but instead , here she was in her old town , and all she could think about was the promise shed made to never come back to this place .
he took over after his mom got sick and he probably knows everything they ve got in that place .
you like this place , we both saw it .
ill miss the place , of course .
i ca nt stand to think that there is nt a place to get more out of life than what some of these kids are born into .
some of them live in the city and it would be good if they could let their friends know about this place .
she hated that place .
i thought it would be hard to be back , hard to see this place .
like this place does .
she would miss this place .
` ` he began by giving me tasksmany tasksto do around the place .
sterlings reputation around this place had evolved into something he did nt even recognize half of the time , and he never went for the girls that made it too easy .
this place creeps me out , karen whispered .
this place is tearing me to shreds .
but she was foolish because she was here in a place that swallowed people alive , fed on their flesh , and grew tall on their bones .
in this place , that was hardly a stretch , she thought .
i ve never liked a place less .
i never understand how she can like such a bad place and i warn her but she does not hear .
she sighed and sat down , trying to imagine what life must have been like in this place before it went bad .
its a business like anything else and this place is great for business .
this place is crawling with the scum .
but do nt you think better medical attention and education could do a lot for this place ?
it takes a serious masochist to love this place .
you sound just like any other foreigner who comes here and treats this place like their own moral battlefield .
they broke you out of the place .
its one of the things i love best about this place .
because this place has turned me into a person i do nt know , she said .
this place is nt normal .
they bus them out of the troubled regions to places like this .
many of the children are better treated here than any place they have ever been .
strange how we thought we could fence off the wildness of this place .
she loved this place about as much as i hated it .
the whole place .
i ve always loved this place , allison continued .
it was hard to read them , but i got the sense they were more than just a little concerned with what had just taken place .
i forgot what these places were like .
i take you places and on trips its known in my circle that you and i are together .
it had been a rough day , and this place , with its fast - talking men who thought they were gods gift to women , was nt anything she really felt like dealing with .
angel did nt understand it , but becca loved this place , and it was her birthday after all .
but ill miss these old places .
but not places like this .
jesus , this place is seriously weird .
but first we need to get you outta this place .
this place scares the crap out of me .
and the other is with child , or children , i should say , jackie said , shocking most of the residents of this horrid place .
this place was messing with my head .
the things i ve been through , the trouble i ve seen , the trouble i ve caused , just like my daddy always usta to say , i m untrustworthy , inconsistent and hypocritical and would n't be no surprise if i come to no good an ended up in the place where the bad people go .
i swear it was like we was drunk , or we was opium eaters floating on a cloud of dreams in ` ` a savage place ... holy and enchanted '' ( as another poem had it ) , and me his demon lover ( as it turnd out ) .
i do nt suppose they have any bibles around the place , not being christian , an all . ''
there were nt nothing left for us there , so 's i got us a ticket on the 4 ay em bus heading west to californya an me and litel christiana wernt gon na stop till we got to the place where my daddy used keep on telling me i was gon na end up if i dint watch out , the place where all the bad people go to .
well , kelly replied crossly , we ve certainly done our share of going places without you .
the world 's a mean place . ''
i know you had your heart set on yale , but maybe you can apply to other places ?
i still ca nt get over this place .
i mean , why would he snuggle with you or take you out places ?
i mumble something in reply , squashing the instinct to hug her back the way i used to before , in the days when i lived for the moments when she would float back into my life after a long absence , with stories of places they had gone , and parties shed been to .
she had never set foot there before , but she was homesick for the place from then on and was determined that she would live there .
we talked about sarahs rescue in colorado and he told me he had never been to colorado or any place out west except for arizona , when he had helped to get his parents settled there .
a woman with a sense for fashion is the only one who can understand this place in so many ways that others can not !
can you believe it , after 23 years in the same place !
she knew she should n't assume anything in a place like this where infidelity is a social sacrament .
so many happy memories of this place and so many tears shed for the ones whose ghosts walked these lands , fallen in the war .
this place has changed a lot since i last came here , she said , as if lost in an old memory .
this place has changed a bit .
sometimes it paid to lay the law and let them know who was boss in this place .
doing a mental count , he realized he probably did see kids all over the place , with seras four , and now that chad and deb were expecting their fifth child ... they could start their own school .
was it that bastard that runs this place ?
there just are nt enough people left to justify rebuilding in most places .
we mostly make motorcycles and jeeps that can be used offroad because the streets are in really bad shape most places .
connor still worried about her walking places by herself but shed convinced him that she could nt be under guard for the rest of her life .
despite the occasional gossip and minor squabbles , north salem is a wonderful place .
during every school vacation my mom took us on day trips to places like boston and salem .
i wish you d start thinking about yourself more , and about this place less .
if you re a slave to this place , that ll never happen .
this place is spooky enough without the special effects .
granted , this place is creepy enough to make you wonder , but neil seriously , time travel ?
but i m going to find out what i can about this place .
i know you ve probably had your fill of this place and i do nt blame you .
its a rather oppressive place , is nt it ?
she s meaning to protect herself from this place , i thinkthough none of us can .
the alternative , that the place was every bit the hellhole she made it out to be , was too horrific to accept .
he did nt want to sleep in the place .
if there s a place you want to visit , i d be pleased to pay the cabfare .
this place always so busy ?
i ve got so many ideas that wo nt break free inside this place .
shell have a chance to interact with others , to get out of this place , and to learn about life .
i did deserve a vacation , and it would be good to spend a month in a different place .
they have four children , three living in various places around the world , but their daughter , greta , lives with them in new york city .
curse this place , baby girl .
she would go to ohio , the place our family was from .
she had bought a house just outside of belt , montana of all places .
it was n't that he 'd been avoiding the place , or that he had n't had the will to return , but life had led him down a twisted path .
walking up the stone steps to his father 's building , he realized that the old green place had never looked better .
you ' ve been working yourself to the bone for that place , for your sisters .
she still did n't want his help around the place .
the whole place was burning and there was nothing she could do about it .
its a pretty place .
traveling to different places in the country , especially the western states , gives jeanne ideas for her books .
after what had just taken place , she desperately needed a moment alone to decompress .
cause if this place freaks you out , we can go .
this place is , like , sparkling .
you remember the place , right ?
cept were not sposed to cry when we have to leave places or daddies wo nt bring us back .
savannah would be heading back to her life , away from this place .
when she was told to pray to god for forgiveness for being a naughty girl , she prayed instead shed get adopted by a nice family who loved her and to leave this horrendous place where no one liked her .
oddly enough , she was glad to leave this place where no one wanted her , where no one loved her .
yes , shed miss this place dearly once she was gone , and she felt rather sad about that .
the place was like fort knox on high alert .
we were relocated yesterday evening by some very nice people from a place called windmere ; that s where we are nowyes , its a little like a fortress , but in fact , its been more like a wonderland so far ; i m almost afraid the balloon will burst .. no , do nt come out for us .. let me see if there s a number you can call if you need me for something ; i do nt have a cell phone anymore , and i do nt know where richard is .
i mean , all those little hand signals the coaches give , and then there s the zebras running around all over the place .
he was well aware of what went on around the place , and he knew jack and franz often spent saturday mornings dismantling things so jack could learn what went on inside and how to determine a problem without having to always disassemble things ; even at the tender age of six , it was an invaluable education , although to jack it was simply entertainment .
got ta tell you , i have always loved being here and being a part of things , but since laura has been here , the place has its life back , and so , by the way , do you my friend .
sure , i need a job , and with this place as a reference , i ve had my share of calls , but there s something about this place today that is more like a living organism than ever before .
but really , are you looking at a place ?
is this place crazy or what ?
this place needs a family , thanks , edna .
so , its not like a ge or gm or someone like that with stockholders all over the place .
thomas just wished the pride and respect he saw in that moment helped him feel better over the events which had taken place , but they did nothing to calm him .
i do nt know , but this whole place is givin me the creeps .
this place was bad news .
fans hummed in the background , an ominous reminder of the industrial level of this place .
like a crypt across the horizon , the place always made me shudder .
as much as i want to leave here when i graduate , tonight makes me think this place ai nt so bad .
other than that , this place is too dull , '' i said after a spell of silence , trying to make her laugh .
and please , do n't tell iris that i torched the place . ''
` ` i think you 'll like the place i ' m taking you a little better than you liked this place . ''
rioting and brawling were going on all over the place .
you have places to go .
i know this place is hard on you .
but i saw this place and loved it .
if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck you believed in this place when no one else would .
i hear there are secret passages all over this place .
it was still hard to believe that mrs . olivetti had given permission for mary alice to leave town and take up residence in a place that housed thousands , not all of them practicing catholics and fewer still , italian .
this place is ugly and drab .
she 's freakin ' crazy , that place is a ghetto . ''
there were , what i would call professional re - enactors that came from many places around the country to participate .
this place is just mag the sun in her eyes had been covered by a cloud passing by .
` ` pips and string all over the place .
not that she liked parks ; horrible places , all mud , dank grass and soggy wooden benches and she had n't for a second imagined that letting lyndon buy judy a hamster would condemn her to a daily trip to the dankest , muddiest , rustiest park she 'd ever seen .
birth certificates were so easy to forge that it was really a crime that so many places still accepted them as identification .
clean the bloody place up .
the place was full of ex - pat mums in expensive coats and patent leather pumps , absolutely all of them on the qui vive for juicy gossip .
when we arrived at the airport - and no , i m not going to identify any of the places i m talking about - that would be madness - when we arrived in the caribbean , the arrivals lounge was heaving with the usual mix of exhausted passengers jostling with taxi - drivers , families meeting travellers , layabouts , crooks , officials , rich bitches , foreign holiday makers , hawkers , madmen , nutters , and ... well , us .
no way would tim ever vacation in such a rustic place as this .
i ve always loved that place , all my summers there , and i have so many wonderful memories there .
as i started brainstorming on writing my very first series of related stories , i knew i wanted to write about a place that meant a lot to me .
if they spended it the more to travelling , how heni could go to new york to be nearer to his much loved man and to get know that place where the man she loved was living !
the ma was enjoying delight the girls body when he was looking her from the water , who did nt notice it , just was taking some photos about the place , herself and laurence .
i started babbling again about how he could now go places by himself .
did she really want to work in a place like this ?
it really sucks but the club still pays better than most places .
but if you like him and he proves to not know enough then you can teach him what he needs to know so that if he decides to push you anyway into sex before either of you is truly ready to handle the possible consequences ( which consequences are not always possible to control ) then he either is a ) incredibly selfish ( which begs the question of why in the world would you have sex with him in the first place ? )
the cheapest places to live have the highest violent crime rates .
remember when todd was little and we used to go on picnics , we took him to the zoo , sea world , places like that ?
bring a jacket too , they keep that place pretty cold .
you never have any decent irish liquor in this place , his dad was saying , coming in from the balcony to voice his complaint .
not that i was ashamed of hooking up with kye but i knew how the rumor mill worked in this place .
it 's literally the most boring place on earth .
i was still curious about why they were here in the first place , but if i could n't get it out of demetri the night before , than i sure was n't going to get his brother to budge in that area .
i mean it had been a really weird couple of days , but alec assured me that the security around the place had been upped , meaning even my place had cameras around .
adds to the place , do nt you think ?
like you should get to bypass the line because you 're better than this place .
enough about this place .
its easy to view the world as an evil place when you watch the news .
this world is simply an ugly place .
er rosalie tried to find the words to speak , but she was so nervous at being in such a nice place like that though : a celebritys limo .
you plan to waste your life working in a crummy place like this !
you re better than this place !
and now that blake white was dead that s exactly what this place was .
it was a conventional town , a conservative place where all liberals would not want to go .
i ve presumed you ve already been places and you need to know that its okay to be open about it with your momma .
there were shantytowns , but nice places as well , a fluctuation of ease and simplicity .
my family arrived along with a flurry of people from arizona , ohio quakers , and various other places .
hell , if she were an alien who d escaped area 51 , the first thing shed do would be blow the place .
other people around the place often joked that keely could run everything in her sleep -- there were some days that she felt like she had to do just that .
there s nothing sinister or underhanded about him , and he loves this place nearly as much as abby does -- which i know you know is no easy feat .
so later , when she had to find a safe place for her baby , she thought of this place .
wind or not , shed had enough of this place .
said paint was the most well - trained , intelligent animal on the place , and if you were riding at all , you ought to be riding him .
it was an old place , the buildings showing wear and weather worn .
the moore place was about as far from any of the towns as a person could get .
you walk around like you run this place , but everybody here hates you and they re all going to cheer right now while i kick your ass around the room .
this place always gives me the heebie jeebies .
this place is creepier than kev , if that s even possible .
this place is giving me fucking chills .
he smelled like a more intense version of this place .
` ` this place is magic .
are there antique treasures hidden in nooks and crannies all over the place like in some of the movies i ' ve seen ?
this place had her all out of sorts .
after all , some of the television shows she used to watch while burning the midnight oil studying mentioned louisiana being one of the most haunted places in the world .
it angered him a complete stranger told him something sexual had taken place between her and another man .
she assumed he hated this place because the only experiences he 'd had here were extremely unpleasant .
i love it here , and i ' m going to miss this place , that 's all .
she did nt want to work in a place that objectified women anyways .
as you can see this place is dead .
but this place is ?
what s so different about this place ?
but why would so many evil spirits be attracted to this place , and a nice , harmless guy like alan ?
his blood had thinned living in a place as hot as hell .
heavenwas a place he d never get to set foot in .
this place isinfested .
some say the place is cursed .
please , just come and see the place for yourself .
ill see the place for myself then .
then what people are saying about this place is true ?
the mission district is nt terrible during the day , but once the sun drops into the ocean , the whole character of the place changes , and not for the better .
that s typical of the attitude i m used to , although san franciscos easier going than many places .
you mean its a real place .
in fact , she was irritably certain that she had been druggedprobably just after the impossible lord of the place had carried her in and left her .
gaffney says that every single thing about this place is mediocre .
jolly jacks is an entirely different kind of place .
and i think that christiana needs you in her life before that change for the good can take place .
` ` we need to get this place loosened up . ''
i do nt want my son hanging around with anyone who brings him in a place like this , pa complained and headed out to the car .
her lips pale , flush with the idea of what was about to take place .
i do nt know why you ca nt let your hair down and enjoy this place , he said , exasperated .
reece kavanagh wanted to shut down becky 's art school , the one place she loved , the one thing that fulfilled her and made her happy .
he 's determined to wipe this place off the map . ''
that always meant going for a ride and he loved going places .
we did nt see or hear any snakes when we hiked into this place .
he lives and works here in northern idaho while this whole mess has been going on all over the place , not just here .
we were wondering why he was taking us all over the place .
if he s involved in something sinister , by now i d expect some not - so - nice guys are keeping an eye on the place .
every time they went to mexico on vacation or a few other places internationally , something else would come down .
you blew the place up ?
as aiden helped me out of the car i said , i m not exactly dressed for a place like this .
this place pretty much runs itself with the computers .
i d yet to hear anything bad about the place .
it was he who came here from his high life to buy in the first place , and in the end , he bought just to get under my skin .
that talent of yours is going to take you so far out of this place .
as you know , i m new to town , and its hard making friends in a new place .
hanging around places like the mall or even just going to the movies will be a struggle here in the north shore .
he might have been the best - dressed guy in the place if it were nt for myself .
she got the job with my parents and was forced back into my life in the first place , because i was made weak by her .
she flinched at the thought of spending an evening with collins and his associates , in a place where at least half the audience would be mortals .
not because it was a bad place .
amaranthine felt uneasy at that thought ; one of the places the band would play in was daniels home town , edinburgh .
when i graduated high school , i swore i d never come back to this place .
i ve come to love this place , dr . moore .
i do nt know if there was a dry eye in the place .
this place could be a different planet .
it is easy to attribute any feelings in this place to the lack of exposure to females and the vain attempt at making this dismal place better .
not likely , if he had wanted her so badly why would he have dumped her in the first place and not seen her in eighteen months ?
odd for this place .
even you said he does n't like the place . ''
` ` it 's a very nice place . ''
she wanted to scoop her sister and her niece up and take them away from this place , but she had a feeling summer would nt go .
further , i want to say i ve never actual been to new york city , so some of the places i describe may or may not be accurate .
a charlestonian does nt belong in a place where people honk their horns to vent frustration in traffic , or a place where it snows .
he managed to rent office space in town , just around the corner from sunnys place , and he hung up a shingle that says montgomery law office .
easy as hell to burn the place to the ground if you do nt know what you re doing .
when ren flung open the door at the top of the stairs , he was hit by the same sense of ease and relief that he d been having all week in this place .
new york city , exceptional as it was supposed to be , was a place he had hoped to avoid .
ah but hey , they do nt have a problem with crime , not like this place .
he likes that about this place , the profound feeling of safety and community in public places , the general lack of open hostility .
this was actually the most peaceful place he had ever lived , and these local muslims the most peaceful people he had ever encountered .
the place was like a little america but without the violence , obscenity and unpredicted results of freedom : slavery .
he wanted to find out for himself what the place was like , the people , the daily grind .
a place called mallorys .
she had nt really been thinking about what being dead would mean when shed aimed the taurus at the ancient beech tree , only what people would say when they came to peek into her coffin and tell her mother how peaceful she looked and how grateful they all should be that she now resided in a better place .
there 's some real nasty stuff winging around this place between .
she stared into the entrance to the housing authority which , for a place she 'd always associated with old people waiting to die , was all lit up and welcoming .
the place was old and she was already imagining unsafe wells and dilapidated buildings that her adventurous son could hurt himself in .
darcy had places to go and gardens to see , so could nt afford to tarry long in any one garden after saying a polite au revoir to the woman behind the counter she wandered out onto the driveway .
come on , the days wasting and we ve got places to go , gardens to see .
so what did you think of the place ?
halley is quite sociable -she gets on with everybody- and she s totally infatuated with the place .
do nt suppose you want to come over and see the place for yourself ?
that was the whole reason tyler got kicked out in the first place .
the five of us changed clothes , cleaned up the place , and took off in the van for crabby petes .
this is way nicer than even the places we went to in l.a , bethany said , opening the curtain by the bed so she could get a view of the skyline .
( 4 ) you re lucky she did nt announce you to the rest of this place , peter said , reaching into a briefcase .
but it was the greatest place i ever lived ...
that town 's a strange place . ''
` ` we ' ve been studying this place .
` ` this place sucks .
i ve been to a lot of places growing up , but never to wyoming .
in this moment , that dirty , humble little place seemed like a fortress made of steel .
but you would go places alone ?
she 'd only been in london a few weeks and there were few places she 'd grown familiar with .
as far as i know , he has nt been seeing anyone seriouslyand its hard to keep a relationship secret in a place as small as new hope .
i d had vivid dreams of four or five children running around the place .
how dangerous do you think the swampy parts of this place are , vinnie ?
i ca nt say that sounds like fun , but this place is nt any better .
the place looks worse than what ll it be , fellas ?
this place is fine .
there are security cameras all over the place and everyone else as well .
you opened my eyes before to see that the world was a bigger place than a little town in montana , i just never dreamed how much bigger .
that place put the osh in posh , he answered .
clayton was so proud of that place .
` ` that attitude is why i ' m running the place , '' agnes reminded him .
whoo , you live in a nice place .
in fact , he writes several articles for my magazine about restaurants , and good places to travel to in order to experience good food .
so what do you think of this place , sugar ?
people would invite me to places out of pity .
the course of events that had taken place had so displaced my normal thinking patterns which were just working on automatic .
new york sounded like a hopping mad place , especially at this time of year .
but it was the cultural talent featured in these places that was the main attraction .
usually the first three or four months are the best because he s trying to impress , but you can stretch some of them to six months , if they keep it interesting and take you to nice places !
aiden was sineads boyfriend in ireland , the reason she was in new york in the first place .
seeing so many different places and how different peoples lives can be , can have the effect of making one feel that their own life is dull .
but he came to love the people and the place and when his mandatory year of service at the pleasure of the guards was up and he could choose where to be stationed , he chose to stay on .
they were dying to look at the tv crew but typical of many small country places , they would nt let it be seen that they were impressed by anything foreign !
a magical , mystical place that had given birth to legends of gods , heroes , fairies and nymphs .
i was not ignorant of the place .
i have heard great things about you and this place .
the world was a beautiful place , with all of gods creation but it could sometimes be just as cruel .
this place got a little busy for a minute .
this place has so much more to offer than that .
the asshole who basically told me to start swimming in the first place , and swimming brought on my fascination with maria , and that fascination turned into an obsession , forever changing my life , routine , and who i fantasize about during sex .
not a bad place to grow up , i thought as i unlocked and opened a side entrance to access the family dining room .
but the truth is i believe it was that type of thinking that got us into the war in the first place .
watch yourself , doctor , its easy to make enemies in a place like this .
when visiting time was over , she walked across the car park , glad to be out of that depressing place and into the fresh air again .
and even if she left the place alive .
it was a real job in a lovely place where she could look at flowers all day long and did nt have to take her knickers off .
layla said she had nt been out of london much except to places like southend and clacton pier .
she mentioned a name when she was talking about places and people she knew in ilford .
like him , she could go places .
you could always go places , if you had that strength of character .
she s gone to a place called the fizz club , said morrie .
he did nt like it there , but any place was better than home .
before i grew up and left home , i wanted nothing more than to work this place with my dad . ''
finally she said , ` ` are n't you going to tell me what you think of the place ? ''
cass overheard a man in a fishing hat ask leonard , ` ` you mean to tell me that this sculpture goes with the place ? ''
` ` no wonder you ca n't bear to leave this place , '' cass said .
there was n't a knit dress or a pair of high heeled shoes in the place .
i ' ve got to learn everything i can so i can be capable of running this place . ''
he was a kid too when it all took place .
part one was to get herself to the ocean , a place shed avoided because of the itchy sand , the hair - ruffling breeze , and its wild unpredictability .
the few times she and jeremy traveled or took day trips , he d liken the place they visited to somewhere familiar to him , which she supposed was a common thing to do , but the south african coast was like nothing shed ever imagined .
i had places to be , and the sooner i figured out if they would be helpful in figuring out where those places were , the sooner we could be on our way .
but the world is vast , as are the places outside of it , and in the desert places where the strange voices sing , perhaps there was some intercession on his behalf .
rol ing his shoulders back , he repeated what lindsay had said when they 'd first arrived in hurricane , utah , moments before they 'd found a nest of wraiths : ` ` this place crawls . ''
in the meantime , i stared out at the neighborhood where i had grown up , feeling disconnected from this place that had been a part of me as far back as i could remember .
she started walking , eager to escape the place that had too many dangerous memories .
` ` if i were alpha , i 'd tear this place apart . ''
she had plenty of friends around the place , and each summer she fell in love with a different o'hara boy but nothing ever came of it .
chicky must make sure not to annoy those who already ran bed - and - breakfast accommodation around the place , or who rented out summer cottages .
she worked so hard for one thing , and she said little of her life in the west of ireland in a small place called stoneybridge .
and nuala would n't be considered good enough for the o'haras or some of the big families in the place .
she did a few hours a week in a restaurant on the quays called ennio 's , where again she was involved in the place and they always asked her to try out a bowl of pasta for her lunch .
he was interested in the places she worked , and he said that the malones were looking for someone to help in the house and that they were a really decent family .
she said it was so strange how small it seemed now after so many years away from the place .
who else would have been able to come in and see the lie of the land and suss the place out except those three ?
how did people live in places like this ?
there was little time to make friends around the place and that was good too , as far as rigger was concerned .
surely his mother would be pleased to know that he was so accepted in this place where she had grown up .
you need to be able to shake a place off at the end of the working day . '
rigger , who helped chicky in the place , had become much less surly .
i ' m only saying what 's being said all around the place , that 's all . '
' in the hope that one day , not now , but one day , you might come back home here and help me run this place . '
' but that place is doomed , i tell you .
miss queenie could tell them what the place looked like in the old days .
we do n't want to have them saying that the place is phoney or tatty or anything . '
' hallo , we are talking about making this place acceptable , are n't we ?
they said it was rather twee , and , darling , if there was one thing that could let a place down it was to have an element of tweeness about it .
' it would be more than a human could bear to go before we had the first year of running the place over us . '
teddy was lucky to grow up in such a lovely place . '
' i actually like the wind and rain when the place is beautiful , and there 's going to be a nice hot bath and a good dinner at the end of the day .
years and years ago , when winnie 's mother was alive and the place was full of brothers and sisters coming and going .
tell me what the place is like .
it was easily cut off by the tide , so the boy and girl who wandered there had to stay for much longer than they had expected to until the seas had drawn back and let them go free ... after dinner , winnie texted teddy to tell him the place was charming and very different and that they had been made very welcome .
there was a gardener in the orphanage ; an old man who came from a place called salinas .
i ' m stuck in ireland , of all places .
frank was still driving round the place peering through his glasses , seeing nothing ahead of him or behind .
they saw places they would never have visited otherwise .
' i 'll miss this place , ' he said suddenly .
what could have persuaded him to stay in a small , lonely place like this where he knew nothing of the patients and their backgrounds ?
but then annie said it was tearing me apart and i would be no use to anyone else in the place unless i got over it .
sure , the place is coming down with them .
the conversation over dinner was filled with talk of the future : for a long time , it had been planned that after his graduation anders would spend a year in a big american firm of accountants , a place with a distinguished name where he would learn a great deal in a short time .
she seemed to see nothing odd about a young swedish accountant flying over to spend time in this deserted place .
even thought of setting up his own shebeen , but he thought better of it and decided to row in here to try to get the last few shillings out of this place , ' he said , shaking his head in disapproval .
he did nothing for himself in life but he 's got a good heart , and he deserves a crack at making the place work .
the woman on the telephone expected them to be very excited that they had won a week in this stone house place , and because the walls were basically polite people they tried hard to summon up some degree of enthusiasm .
partly because they still felt so raw about the loss of the paris trip , but mainly because they were flattered by the way their sons unexpectedly seemed so pleased with their decision to go to this godforsaken place .
they were better by far in this mad place on the atlantic , which they had thought was so disappointing at first .
what a happy home compared to this cold , bleak place .
there was great excitement all around the place .
' there 's a place called stoneybridge .
when he was a child , that story had kept miles from wanting to go anywhere near the place .
i 'd forgotten what it 's like in places like this . ''
as she waited at the restaurant , she kicked herself for joining the dating service in the first place .
if anything , it was more as if the place owned him .
without television , computer or phone , the most attractive form of entertainment left open to her son was playing with blackie , which was exactly what had gotten him into trouble in the first place .
what had made all of this bearable , all these years of tending flocks , of being his father 's lackey , his older brothers ' lackey , the one cared for least and burdened most , was the idea that one day he would leave this place .
the tales about this place were too dark , too persistent .
` ` it is a place that will make you a man , '' erec added , ` ` if you are not one already . ''
` ` this place is so stuffy and boring anyway , '' she said .
` ` so tell me , what do you think of this place ? ''
could argon really live here , in this desolate place ?
two more places to visit , maybe , before he went to fabienne 's .
chapter 1 in 1958 , beaufort , north carolina , which is located on the coast near morehead city , was a place like many other small southern towns .
it was the kind of place where the humidity rose so high in the summer that walking out to get the mail made a person feel as if he needed a shower , and kids walked around barefoot from april through october beneath oak trees draped in spanish moss .
i could n't imagine growing up in a place like this .
it was one of the better ones in the place .
` ` i know places can have their own spirit .
` ` i ' ve learned to go to places that would never occur to them .
those lessons were ones learned the hard way , and donovan was convinced this was indeed a woman who 'd learned hard and fast that the world was not a good place .
we want our grandchildren to have those same memories of the place their fathers grew up in .
i figured he was affixing something to a wall - maybe a poster of a hot girl with dark hair and dark eyelashes , the exact opposite of me - and i knew going up there in the first place was a bad idea , too stalkerish .
` ` i wanted to travel and see new places .
` ` is this place any good ?
it was n't a job she loved , but things had been tight around the place and when that happened , it was her duty to be there in whatever role they needed .
` ` this place is good territory .
this place is like magic for you .
now y' all have n't heard a damn thing about the place then !
and yet , somehow , he liked the place .
` ` and this place i love so much .
` ` i ca n't handle that place , '' he said .
all this time , there were real things to care about : real , good people who care about me , and this place .
colin pressed down hard on the accelerator , and he was thinking of all the places they might go , and all the days left in their summer .
liam knew that from now on his children would know that dark and terrifying truth , the one that he and mike had tried so hard to keep from them : the world could be a frightening place .
sunville was a small town , but even in so small a place , they traveled in different circles .
you used to pin all those fotografias up on your bedroom wall , pictures of faraway places .
i think every man in the place wished you were his .
second , there would n't be a bunch of look - e - loos wandering through the place and getting all hot and bothered about a genuine movie star in last bend .
it is a wonderful place , not like sunville at all .
they did n't have rates for ` ` any place that was n't seattle . ''
` ` say , dad , since annie 's doing the cooking for tomorrow night 's dinner , i thought i 'd help straighten up the place a bit . ''
` ` your head 's some place else these days . ''
` ` like i said , this old place is getting to be too much for me . ''
she 'd love this place . ''
besides , once you got beyond the ` ` soon to be a ghost town '' feel of the place , the town was picturesque , in a southern , spanish - moss - hanging - from - tree - limbs kind of way .
this place is tiny .
by the time the ides of march came and went , the town itself seemed brighter and more vivid ; it was as if his memory of how the place looked in winter had been nothing but a gloomy dream .
as much as he was ... getting used to boone creek , it was n't new york , and he realized he missed the place .
or rather , a place that lexie loved ; he , on the other hand , was still unsure .
` ` how on earth did you find out about this place , anyway ?
` ` she loves this place , '' lexie said .
getting out of the car , jeremy was struck by how different the place was without fog .
from what he knew of lady georgina , she was a lovely person , but the world was a cruel place with too many people looking to mock those they deemed inferior .
isabella had never heard of a place by that name , but it did appear to offer her the perfect alibi , so she quickly nodded and said , ` ` yes , that 's it - flemmington . ''
heaven help her but she 'd never talked to someone for so long about a place she 'd never been to , never mind heard of before .
she knew that gambling hells were not the sort of place a proper lady would ever set her feet in , and she was now wondering if it was n't precisely the sort of place where loose women went in search of protectors .
` ` still , i think that seeing the place for myself would give me some peace of mind . ''
she might not have been an innocent anymore , but there would still be those who would disapprove of a lady visiting such a place .
` ` you know i ' m not accepted anywhere socially , which is why i chose not to renew my membership to my club a few years ago - no point in paying extra to drink alone when i can do so just as easily in the comfort of my home or in places like this . ''
the thought that they were living in a place that held such painful memories for him was difficult for her to bear .
she could not imagine how awful it had to be for daniel to have to live in a place that represented so much loss for him .
in a place this ugly ?
` ` will you miss this place ? ''
the place was beautiful and made her happy .
but a lot of strange men are working around the place and i do n't want you alone there . ''
` ` i ' m not leaving you alone with a group of strangers working around the place . ''
and there are a few very disappointed ladies around the place , let me tell you . ''
` ` matt 's never liked this place much , '' he pointed out coolly .
` ` this place is fine the way it is . ''
` ` no , this place does n't suit matt .
` ` i have no excuse for what took place earlier .
that place is n't kid friendly , let alone dog friendly .
` ` i 'd better find jordan before he wrecks the place . ''
she wanted to enjoy her week in the exotic place and forget all about the real world .
chapter ten ` ` this place is beautiful , trinity , '' jasmine said with enthusiasm , as they walked from the front door together .
he was done with the place and she was leaving with him , even if he had to throw her over his shoulder .
she would gain control over her raging hormones and slip back inside and away from the party she should ' ve never attended in the first place .
it was a beautiful place and the project he was taking on was the biggest and oldest he 'd worked on yet .
sierra could n't imagine ever getting to a point in her life where coming to such a beautiful place would seem boring to her .
they 'd traveled a few more times to various places , none as far away as australia , but still beautiful locations .
` ` hmm , those are awfully generic reasons to like a place . ''
` ` a beautiful place . ''
` ` besides , a hundred bucks says you could n't even find a virgin in this place . ''
i do n't know why ; i guess i thought that if i did the hard thing and came here to this f**king place , she might forgive me .
maddy 's there and i ' m here and this place is f**king hell .
you 're emotional because of this place .
you can hear a pin drop in this place .
it 's just what this place brings to mind .
what i do know is she hurt her foot in the first place because of me .
i like to think that they 're in a better place .
jeez the tension in this place was thick .
' it 's a nice place , ' i shrug to myself , spinning my coffee mug on the counter .
' someone is very nosey , considering they hate the place . '
he 's knocked me for six with this place , his drinking , and now willingly being whipped .
this place was heaven for a geek such as herself .
i know you love the place .
no doubt it had followed the geese south , to places like florida and california .
it was a good thing because he actually had places to go and people to see .
` ` you do n't want to hear precisely what i think of this place . ''
` ` i ' m not saying i do n't love the place , because i do .
it turned out fall city became that place , '' she said .
i 'll be more excited to go to the places than trevor will be , '' emily added shyly .
sometimes the world was a cruel place and she vowed to never let her sister 's memory fade .
you can get pulitzer prize articles written in places like the village i ' m in , '' kinsey said .
i ' ve been places overseas that still give me nightmares , '' he said in a voice that made bree realize she did n't want to hear about those places .
there were security cameras and policemen all over the place .
he hated everything about the place , the smell , look , feel .
` ` we ' ve only done training so far , but yes , this place is the breast ... i mean ... um ... best ! ''
she had a mission - a mission to ask the man she liked back home out on a date - not to hit on every eligible bachelor in this place .
most places like this - kinda snooty , to tell you the truth - take one look at me and move on down the line .
she would miss this place beyond expression , but at least she 'd have amazing memories to take home with her .
this place was strict , apparently .
not cleaning , and not the technicalities of this job , but the place .
resorts , mostly , with a few casinos , and there were rumors they had share in other places , but that information was kept carefully secret .
i lived there , i knew , but from this vantage point it looked like an entirely different place .
it 's a nice place , though .
not just that , but i have contacts in many places .
wishing with all her heart that she 'd listened to her family and wyatt when they 'd begged her not to go to this fascinating yet frightening place , where military rule was often arbitrary and brutal .
` ` it 's a beautiful place , '' he said .
trapped , beating on the windows , screaming , their faces at the windows while the place burned . ''
or this place ? ''
but for now , i think you ' ve had enough of this place .
what 's this place going to run us ? ''
` ` i need to see the place , '' cybil said as soon as the story was told .
` ` sorry , but we ' ve got to clean this place up and get a story together . ''
` ` would n't you like to see the place ?
the place resembled a pigpen .
the world had become a smaller place , a crueler place , without her mother .
after i 'd been here awhile , i began to feel that no matter where i lived , this town , this place , was my home . ''
apparently both susannah and chrissie were willing to ignore the fact that someone in this abominable place had stolen her favorite gardening gloves .
other places , as well .
phoebe regretted having to leave this idyllic place .
i hung up and paused while i considered what had just taken place .
` ` you do n't belong in this place .
i was more than confused , i was completely bewildered by what had taken place between macy and me .
obviously , this place brought back memories for him , too .
if he were white , he 'd take a lot of heat for that earring in a place like miniwa .
i did n't like those places , avoided them if i could , but they were there .
` ` are you sure this place takes pets ? ''
` ` you like this place , darlin ' ? ''
` ` when i was in high school , '' he began slowly , ` ` i wanted so desperately to get away from this place that i could n't stand it .
he was an entrepreneur who was going places .
in another ten years this area would be a slum , and she 'd have moved on to some place that was pretty much on the same level this one was now , and she 'd have been okay with that .
from what jenner could tell , he gave his attention to the richest , most powerful men in the place .
` ` i 'd have just wired the place to blow and watched it burn from afar .
scars that told a tale of life in the darker areas of military service and beyond , places that did n't really bear thinking about .
from france to italy to america , she 'd barely catch her breath before jack would arrive , the expansion of his shipping interests causing him to visit all of the places she fled to .
the university of tennessee was a big place .
you have places to go and people to see . ''
` ` i ' ve taken several vacations in the past few years , '' olivia told him , ` ` and traveled in a number of different countries , but i ' ve never found any place more beautiful than seattle when the sun is shining . ''
` ` i 'll go see the place . ''
mack understood that she was bewildered and uncertain ; she did n't seem to understand the gravity of what had taken place .
she loved this beautiful place , this town that was home .
i do n't see that anything useful will be served by fining five senior citizens who were on a mission to make cedar cove a better place .
she 'd be filling a critical need and living in the sort of place she liked .
he 'd been the person who 'd recommended that bob contact roy mcafee in the first place .
` ` i ca n't bear to think what her life was like in one of those obscene places , '' ruth said .
she 'd accompanied him to various functions in sandy 's place , and occasionally held dinners for family friends .
meeting will jefferson had given her confidence , and she 'd decided to start applying elsewhere , presumably in seattle ; she had n't referred to any particular places .
his father had drilled into his head for years now what a fool charlotte was , how useless and easily influenced , and though he knew his brother disagreed - disagreed enough to come and live in this place and leave his family behind - it was a hard lesson to put aside .
` ` you understand , when i first turned over the institute to charlotte , i had some thought that a woman 's touch would be good for the place .
granville fairchild was one of the strictest men i ' ve known , and though he ran the institute according to the law , it was a cold , unwelcoming place .
` ` it looks like there 's a woman here who can put her foot on top of her- '' ` ` by the angel , this place is barely better than a penny gaff , '' gideon said .
quite a few of them are , hurrying through this place , looking for you .
` ` we can escape this place .
there was a hush over the place even though no services were going on .
she felt suddenly bodiless , as if she were the ghost of tessa , haunting this odd place so far from the life she had known in new york .
` ` well , no wonder the old man thinks he has the right to throw us out of the place . ''
` ` i was thinking how odd it would be to grow up in a place like this , so far from any people . ''
in yorkshire of all places ?
` ` oh , dear , not one of those places that 's run by ifrits , '' sighed charlotte .
it was most improper , but then nothing about this place could be considered proper .
they should be running , fleeing this place .
i married you because - because i knew i would n't mind how difficult directing this place was , or how badly the clave treated me , if i knew yours would be the last face i saw every night before i went to sleep . ''
` ` i am not fit to run this place , '' said charlotte .
` ` but , i have to say , it horrifies me to think that you were actually considering a job in bushwick of all places .
she wondered if these were places gavin already visited or if they were on his list of places to see .
` ` it sounds like a beautiful place . ''
` ` you love this place , do n't you , callie ? ''
it was a far cry from the hustle and bustle of new york city , and a year ago , if someone had told her that she 'd end up taking refuge here , in a place that still had n't caught up to the rest of the world , she would have laughed and said never .
he has a business to run and should n't be wasting time chasing you all over the damn place . ''
it 's not a place i went often , but that day i was lonely and hungry and for just a little while i wanted to be somewhere that filled both needs . ''
she remembered ryan 's statement that there was n't another place as pretty as the rockies .
later , perhaps i 'll take a cab to town , but for now , i want to explore this place where i have so unexpectedly landed .
the drive to town takes no time at all , but even in the mile and a half or so between there and here , i am blown away by the beauty of this place .
` ` i can see why you fell in love with this place .
i ' ve come to know the moods of this place , the feel of it when people are here , and when they 're gone .
in the new sunset magazine , i see a photograph of the hoh rainforest that makes me feel homesick for a place that does n't exist .
you should see this place , it 's ... '' ` ` i do n't want a travelogue .
the people of rain valley were hardy souls , able and willing to live in a place where it rained more than two hundred days a year and the sun was treated like a wealthy uncle who only rarely came to call .
in a place so small that everyone knew everyone else the boys could safely play outside while she kept an eye on them from the window .
once , to get some shotgun shells , but in a place like this people tended to remember anyone they did n't normally see every day .
but something was strange about this place , the deaths , even him .
` ` place is getting to you , '' i muttered .
` ` i hate that place .
this went a long way toward explaining why adam loathed the place .
such a pretty place , such beautiful music - of course there was something rotten beneath the surface .
not to mention several other places .
i hate that place , i wish it would rot , but de damn thing never will .
as much as we enjoy our time on earth and fight not to leave it , to her this place sucks . ''
` ` i thought you hated the place . ''
the invitation took away the last of her fear of the place .
it was n't hard to find sinners in a place like las vegas .
if it got out that there were monsters running all over the place , people would panic .
he was too crazy , even for this place .
` ` there 's more to this place than medical research , is n't there ? ''
there is trouble in a place called fairhaven . ''
` ` besides , we 'd have found tiny totems strewn all over the place .
` ` how did you manage to be outside when the place went up in flames ? ''
i 'd wanted to get away from a place where everyone had suddenly smelled like meat .
even with ancient ojibwe women buried in shallow graves , murder , mayhem , and a ghost wolf army on the rise , the world had still been a much cheerier place without billy in it .
it stood to reason that , if this was the good place and she did n't belong here , then she belonged at the bad place .
you remember that place ? ''
` ` those places all look the same , do n't they ?
until now , he had n't realized just how worried he was that she would n't find this place bearable .
` ` i keep forgetting how much i love this place , '' said caleb .
now the police are crawling al over the place , patroling her office every twenty minutes . ''
this place was going to go up like a torch .
the best way to protect him was to get him out of town , as far away from this place as possible .
this place was full of bad memories , and more were piling up by the day .
` ` nice place , is n't it ? ''
the place was crawling with women , though most of them had kids tagging along and rings on their fingers .
once trina 's body was found , this place would be crawling with cops , and they 'd find everything he left behind .
or maybe it was just this place .
she saw surprise flash through his eyes and nearly blurted an apology , but caught it back and instead murmured , ` ` forgive me , my lord , for what is about to take place .
her husband was a complete stranger , and her new home was a distant place she knew nothing about .
maybe because the judge said this place is - ` ` ` ` it 's not yet .
just how in the hell did you manage to keep a body like that growing up in a place with such amazing food ? ''
it had been what sent him reaching for a bottle of pills in the first place .
by the time jack and elizabeth had stumbled across it in 1999 , the poor place had become a jumbled mess .
how could she live in a place that was never quiet , where millions of people lived stacked to the sky ?
birdie , who loved color and texture and art , would label this place boring .
i have to show up alone and hear every white - haired lady in the place say , ' so , amanda , when will we be coming to your wedding ? '
` ` i guess i have to learn how to go places alone , '' elizabeth said , hearing the little catch in her voice .
but if you 're like me , you discover that the world is a big , dark place .
she tried to imagine growing up in this place , but it was hard to envision .
` ` that 's the first time you ' ve said ' our ' about this place , '' he commented .
` ` we ca n't run this place without you , christian ! ''
` ` boys i can handle - even in a place like aspen which seems too glamorous for kids .
if he did n't get things under control soon , everyone in the whole damned place would know exactly what he had on his mind .
lodges all over the damned place plus jarrod manor . ''
rich guys like him , with their perfectly tousled hair , flawless faces and gym - buffed bodies swaggered into town like they owned the place .
you 'd better ask him before you get excited about living in such a cool place . ''
somehow the thought of leaving this place made her anxiety level rise sharply .
soon they 'd go back into that harsh , cold reality , a place where people died , a place where people gave no thought to humanity .
soon they 'd go back into that harsh , cold reality , a place where people died , a place where people gave no thought to humanity .
in the wizard of oz - the book , not the movie - dorothy goes to this place called the dainty china country , and all the people are tiny and perfect .
we link arms and traipse off the boat as if we own the place .
` ` amanda , you 're going to have to improve your attitude if you want me to spring you from this place , '' he teases , motioning for the officer to unlock the doors .
apparently souls were scared of this place .
` ` i ' m applying to a few places , '' ben answered .
he lived in a place too rich for the town 's lawyers and doctors .
she did n't want to read about how everyone from her old school had already forgotten what had happened to her , what she 'd done to land herself in this place .
she longed to see her battered old car there , to sink into the fraying cloth seat , rev the engine , crank up the stereo , and peel the hell out of this place .
` ` it has to do with this place .
` ` this place is an absolute joke , '' she said , sounding cynical enough that her parents shared a troubled look .
` ` a chance to take the students out in the fresh air and explain the many marvels of this place - oh , i do love it .
` ` little backwater place down the river .
she could n't believe she was leaving a place she 'd hated but where she 'd had so many intense experiences in just a few short weeks .
` ` they really did a number on that place , '' mr . cole said , shaking his head .
` ` used to be a really nice place . ''
` ` anyway , i ' m not the star student here or anything , but i ' ve been around a while , and half the time i still think this place is pretty crazy .
seems like a pretty sweet place . ''
she and annabelle and gabbe had been hovering in a dark rain cloud on the outskirts of a place called canaan , watching a mortal celebration led by a man named abraham , when the angel appeared out of nowhere and hovered before them in the sky .
but in a place like this- '' ` ` people can see miracles , '' luce finished for him .
you know this place better than that , b . ''
` ` then get rid of some of those places .
` ` more than i go other places , i guess .
` ` there are still places like that .
because they remind me that we live in a place where you can still get away with , even get excited about , ugg boots .
she 'd have to discuss that with him after she punished him for making her go through this exam in the first place .
` ` this place is a madhouse , '' he said , setting his cell phone on the table and taking a seat .
her eyes were a mixture of sleepy and confused , almost as if she could n't quite process what had just taken place .
home was what you made it , and she and jack had made home out of some pretty barren places .
` ` nice place , '' jack muttered when she shoved him inside her apartment .
you know if that place is too much for you , your father could find you something that is less stressful .
the thought of going home , of feeling alone in a place that should be a refuge for her , with a woman who was supposed to love her , was suddenly unbearable .
outside , it looked like a postcard of seattle ; the kind of blue - skied , cloudless , picture - perfect day that lured out - of - towners into selling their homes in duller , less spectacular places and moving here .
there was a sad , faded stink to the place , a combination of sweat and piss , and old spilled coffee .
he knew about feeling both lost and found in a place as big and sprawling as uw .
more than four years ago - when she 'd finally accepted the idea of true change - this place had saved her .
but as she moved in this place that should have welcomed her with its dark corners and blind alleys , her headache intensified .
most of the sentences would sound ridiculous coming from her : she 's in a better place .
definitely the kind of place where everybody knew everybody and someone like her would stand out , even in new , clean clothes .
i 'd seen how they did it , in those places back then .
when she could n't stand it anymore - could n't stand the oppressive silence of this place without tully 's easy laughter and endless talking - she left the condo and went down to the ferry terminal .
shit 's going down all over this place .
this whole place gave her the creeps .
and it 'll sure as hell be a better place without maksimov .
adria had suffered in such a place .
` ` is that a place or a name ? ''
he was certain that most had tried , but he could already feel the numbing effects this place had on him .
this place is unbelievable !
there are down lights all over the place .
sandra 's death had taught her to be wary , had convinced her that the world could be a very sick place .
money talked in louisiana , more than almost any other place in the country , and damien 's family had a lot of money .
` ` the children were well looked after , but it was a sad place .
he shuddered , wondering why on earth a nice girl like miss mitchell would live in such a terrible place .
you know i hate those places .
` ` i know you hate this place .
i do n't hate this place .
at the beginning of the year , like every place in the world , the smithsonian was facing budget cuts , and volunteer services was one of the first departments to take a hit .
for two weeks , he 'd been in a constant state of arousal that had only been whetted by what had taken place between them .
` ` look who i found lurking about the place , '' de grenier drawled .
` ` maybe you 'd better go see the place , '' phoebe cautioned .
she wanted out of the old place as quickly as possible .
barbara , i swear to you i 'll personally give your phone number to every trucker who comes into this place if you so much as say a single word to nolan . ''
it 's a small place but they turn out some great little fillies .
i did n't explain that it was the romantic , softer stuff , and that the film company had won awards for being female - friendly - the features that had attracted me to working with them in the first place .
even through the rain , he could tell the place had gone to hell .
you ca n't run the place anyway , and at least then you 'd have money to live on until you find another meal ticket . ''
anyway , he 's been tearing the place up looking for you .
then you married some fancy - pants rich guy , damn you , and i felt like tearing the place down stone by stone . ''
at least there was something- someone - he liked about this place .
jees , ca n't get a break around this place .
are there any other men about the place ? ''
` ` this place is a disgrace . ''
` ` what future does this place hold for her ? ''
getting away from this place was exactly what she needed .
it simply wo n't do for three lovely young ladies such as yourselves to remain hidden away in a small place like hardington - not that it is n't a charming little town , but one simply does n't have the same access to culture and potential husbands as one does in london .
if there truly was such a place as hell , emily quietly hoped that there was a special spot reserved in it for charlotte .
she 'd been a newspaper reporter , and in the late seventies atlanta was a very exciting place .
if i stayed i was going to have to do something - at least paint , perhaps gut the place .
but there was also a second set of people feet all over the place . ''
` ` he got sick of the place and left .
they thought there were werewolves all over the place .
he 'd brought me out of the cold , scary place that had been my life , and despite the strange things going on all around us , i felt stronger , saner , happier , because of him .
i could see now why he 'd loved his job , this place , the people , so much , and i was sorry i had n't stuck around and at least given the job a try .
shame and humiliation were her constant companions , and now that he was dead she wanted only to be free of this place .
even when bowen had drifted into a contented slumber after spending many hours loving her , she 'd remained awake , focused on the fact that in just a few hours she would be rid of this place once and for all .
it was a nice place , he said .
two places today .
i do not need advice from daniel to know that i can not drag daisy out of this place .
` ` i do not like that place , '' i announce .
` ` you 'll miss this place , huh ? ''
as the ramifications of what had taken place settled fully on his shoulders .
the world we live in is not a happy place filled with flowers and chocolates .
it had n't mattered that nothing had taken place .
the place had a deserted air that all small towns get after the supper hour .
if the news got out that werewolves lived all over the place , it would n't be pretty .
anyway , there were germans all over the place .
people hitchhiking all over the place .
` ` you 'll love this place , '' she said .
some of these places , they tack another eight hundred dollars on the price tag of anything that 's ' for a wedding . '
something that 'll make the whole place smell good . ''
he knows you were only with him , in the first place , because of the money .
` ` such a beautiful place , '' my mom said , so quietly it almost seemed like she was talking to herself .
i ' ve always been a bit of an insomniac and actually , it 's why i started taking pills in the first place , years ago .
he had a little kid to raise and not only did he pretty much neglect me and spend every waking hour at work , but he uprooted me and moved me across the country to live in a place where i did n't know anyone .
this is a pre - war place ; they 're hard as hell to get .
` ` we were both working and plotting to get the hell out of that place , to move here .
and where better to seek a new start than a place called last chance ?
` ` bailed you out with my brother stony that time when you busted up the place ? ''
if it 's such a terrible place , why do you stay ? ''
she walked through the bus station wondering just how she had ended up in this place .
jane hugged herself against a cold that seeped into her bones and made a mockery of the bright sunshine breaking out all over the place .
the band had been getting gigs all over the place recently because tulane 's brother clay was sitting in on the fiddle .
who would believe that a little place like last chance would have a beautician with such talent ?
explain to me why tulane is so ashamed of that place . ''
and the best way to be prepared is to go and see the place up close and personal . ''
` ` oh , i ' m just waiting for the moment when you realize how horrific this place is . ''
where does it say that we have to grow up and lose the fun of a place like this ? ''
there is nothing cynical about this place .
` ` i had to see the place . ''
you saw that place .
all the times tulane had wished for calamity to strike this place , he 'd never stopped and really thought about how losing golfing for god might affect his father .
` ` so , you got anything worth drinking in this place ? ''
the place is a bit notorious , actually .
in fact , i would say the two places are quite similar . ''
the place needed his factory .
she looked at home , surrounded by bookshelves , tribal masks , and a wall filled with advanced degrees from places like princeton and yale .
that old place makes our town look like a bible belt backwater .
we ca n't be a picturesque place with independent shopkeepers , unless we have some bigger businesses providing good manufacturing jobs .
this is n't the same place your daddy visited in the 1960s and i ' m not going to stand by and let some fool yankee come into my town and stir up trouble .
that place changed my life . ''
that place helped me to remember that every day is magic .
and policing in a place like last chance requires the ability to manipulate churchwomen and hairdressers without them knowing that they ' ve been manipulated .
but that place was n't as weird as this one . ''
in the meantime , you could work on cleaning the place up .
little kids with easter baskets ran all over the place looking for plastic eggs , while the members of the sixth - grade sunday schools for five different churches ran after them providing hints .
` ` and i guess when he saw the place going up in flames - see , he 's a member of the volunteer fire department ? ''
the old place was going to rise from the ashes , quite literally , and he was happy about that .
many moroi had come from far off places , some to see the funeral and some to see the monarch elections that would soon follow over the next couple of weeks .
` ` one of the few perks of graduating was avoiding places like this . '
in a place like this , they probably had child marriages .
they smuggle drugs through the place too . '
he pushed her age , the danger of spirit , and the fact that her being there in the first place was a violation of the law .
that 's what is amazing about this place .
she did n't imagine many places in the world were .
then her mother gestured to the room with one hand and said , ` ` well , this place is certainly different .
like the coding errors , is this place just another distraction ?
it was how we got together in the first place .
` ` could n't get a flight - they 're being canceled all over the place because of the storm . ''
our relatives in other places think it 's strange that we have a tree , but trees are nice .
this place is made of too much magic .
no one came here as a volunteer , and surely she could sense the anger and pain of the place .
the angel was tan , quite natural for a place with no darkness ever .
my head still hurt , and the sizable knot above my left temple looked , the colonel thought , like a miniaturized topographical map of macedonia , which i had not previously known was a place , let alone a country .
i could n't fathom how the colonel grew up in such a small place .
and he must not forget that his first meeting with wainwright had been at lavender house , a place whose polished surfaces hid many secrets .
and there are too many voices from whitehall whispering in fleet street 's ear these days ; mine would n't be heard past the door of this place .
` ` it 's a gray place , aberdeen . ''
` ` if you 're sending poor john to ireland ... '' john grey might go to the devil with his blessing , let alone ireland , but what with the memory of quinn and his schemes lurking in his mind , the repeated mention of the place was beginning to give jamie fraser the creeps .
he could see why grey liked the place ; if you belonged here , it would embrace you .
but i wonder , sir , that you should so far forget yourself as to bring such a man as that into this place . ''
the place was cold as a tomb , and he did n't want her death on his conscience - let alone laid at his door .
it was n't homecoming , precisely - this place would never be home to him - but it was a place he knew , familiar in its daily rhythms , and with open air and the calm sweet presence of the horses always there at the bottom of it , no matter what the people were like .
the knowledge of the place settled on him , and the fragments of scotland and lallybroch cracked and flaked away , fragile as a skin of dried mud .
she had an open - faced belief that the world was a good place and that people could be trusted .
17 emmy once inside his hotel room , ben seemed to need to mark his territory , to claim me as his before anything else took place .
i 'd heard rumors , of course , and hugh - er , montrose - raved about the beauty of this place , but nothing equals actually seeing it with my own eyes .
we barely got out of there before the security police started swarming all over the place .
the place was beautiful , and the ranch house was one of the most cheerful places she 'd ever been in her life .
the evidence of what had taken place last night , christiana realized with a grimace and felt herself blush when grace 's sharp eyes turned her way .
` ` i have never cared for gambling and do n't even know how to play the games of chance in those places .
are these places all gone now ?
but look at this place .
' she just was n't built for this fucking place , ' she says , her voice warbling in falsetto .
` ` a small dark place , '' she said .
the whole place pulled at me , nick .
` ` why do n't you get out of this place for a while ?
bergamo was the perfect place for her family to grow up in , a combination of old and new world split into two tiers - citta bassa and citta alta - the lower and upper cities .
for the first time in her life , she understood the unique characteristics of a place to live and a place to thrive .
new york is a scary place .
for every pleasure , every ounce of bliss that she received , she was to always tell herself that he was the one allowing it all take place .
not that those roles came her way very often , which was a direct reflection of living in good riddance , alaska , the middle of nowhere in a state that was about as far as possible from where she longed to be - new york , the place where roles abounded .
he 'd wanted a change and , by god , this place seemed about as far removed from new york 's relentless hustle and bustle as you could get .
it 's a great place in a lot of ways , but i ca n't pursue my career here and that 's important to me .
you 're the sparkle in my life , not the place . ''
i ' m picking up the mail , taking care of the cat and generally keeping an eye on the place . ''
i assumed living in a wonderful place like this meant you 'd automatically have a happy childhood . ''
` ` you ' ve heard of the place ? ''
this place is a who 's who smorgasbord .
if sybil really wanted to run off with her artistic lover to italy or some other outlandish place , they might never find her .
she wondered how giovanni could bear this place alone .
` ` please , heal my heart -- - '' exhaling raggedly , she dropped her arm and admitted it was too much to expect - even from a place that had once been honored as the most livable city in the united states .
he had the feeling that if he 'd paid her the least bit of attention she would have run out of the place with her tail between her legs , but that was n't what concerned him now .
` ` we talk about dad a lot , and mom laughs now and she 's willing to do things and go places again .
` ` just trying to convince you the world 's not such a bad place . ''
` ` now come and take a look at this place .
that 's what can happen to folks when they fall under the spell of this place .
` ` they keep him on as a salesman because a real salesman would n't be caught within fifty miles of this place .
` ` you know , if this place was a little nicer , and i had the money , i 'd do it in a minute . ''
this place is full of idiots . ''
he 'd be so glad to get out of this godforsaken place and ditch this dopey rental car .
` ` i ' m going to miss everything about this place . ''
` ` when i ' m ready , we 'll leave for this backwater place called porcupine .
the hum of it plus the tremors moving through his hand brought back fond memories , but he had places to go and people to see .
` ` the place is full of bullies and tractor thieves ! ''
a town like porcupine did n't seem like a leash - law kind of place .
i plan to live that kind of life , taking risks , going to exotic places .
` ` nice place , rudy . ''
the place was a lawsuit waiting to happen , if you asked him , which nobody had .
` ` that tells you how dead this place is .
eve 's glasses were smudged from her frantic efforts to straighten up the place , but she did n't bother to tell eunice .
he had places to go , jobs to interview for .
he did n't care to raise his kids in a place that ranked in the top ten safest towns for its size .
` ` then think about something else , because this repair needs to take place .
considering what had just taken place , he thought she might actually welcome a suggestion that he go with her to south america .
without her he would n't be attracted to the place at all .
it was hard to be happy in a place where no one wanted her , no matter the effort she put into changing that fact .
this place has like one red light .
this place is small and everyone knows where the rock star 's son lives . ''
i 'd spent five hours last night driving all over the damn place searching for bethy hoping she 'd lead me to blaire .
she knew how dangerous it could be to start liking a place .
this was the kind of place where every kid got braces at adolescence and a new car at sixteen .
the world had become a dark and frightening place , and for years she 'd been unsure of her place in it .
if she did n't release eva now , her aunt would stay here , connected to this terrible place by a string of uncomfortable visiting days .
and do n't you let this place change that . ''
they were grownup places , and because her papa was a surgun - or something like that - people brought her books and juice boxes and gave her paper and crayons .
with saw grass speckling the rolling dunes and maritime oaks bent sideways with the never - ending sea breeze , it was a place like no other .
in his estimation , rodanthe was exactly what it appeared to be : an old fishing village riding the water 's edge , a place where modern life had been slow in coming .
this place had habits ; so did she , and over the years , she supposed they 'd meshed in such a way as to make her life more predictable and oddly comforting .
well stocked would be having something to do in this godforsaken place .
' i have forgotten none of what took place between us this afternoon , eleanor . '
' lovemaking which should never have taken place ! '
damn it , here he was , wallowing in self - pity - probably exacerbated by that overindulgence of brandy , the effects of which seemed to have dissipated entirely during the course of this current conversation - when the truth was his own father had been a hero of major proportions , his mother , too , when they had both decided to travel to places that were often highly dangerous .
` ` like ella says , this place rubs off on you .
you know what i got this year from this place ? ''
to let my mind go to places that they have n't gone before .
like he had the run of the place .
the little towns in maine looked like something from sixty years ago , with the occasional sign ` ` free wifi here '' telling you that there were no places that were true throwbacks to the ' 50s .
even determined city dwellers , who lived in glass and concrete high - rises in places with pretentious names like century city , found themselves veering into the nursery aisles of their local supermarkets .
that was when his hair was black as a crow 's wing and he never came home smelling like the bad place .
her daddy was in the bad place , the place that made him smell like cigarettes even though he did n't smoke , the place that made him come home with that scary look in his eyes and slam his bedroom door shut .
her daddy was in the bad place , the place that made him smell like cigarettes even though he did n't smoke , the place that made him come home with that scary look in his eyes and slam his bedroom door shut .
the place that made him walk funny .
it reminded him of the town he 'd grown up in , a dingy , forgotten farming community in iowa - a place he 'd worked hard to forget .
flipping up the collar of his overcoat - who in the hell wanted to live in a place where you needed an overcoat in late may ? -he strode through the pouring rain toward the phone booth .
this place had so little to do with his kathy .
there was n't a dom in the place who would n't kill to have the beautiful girl spread across his bed , legs open , ecstasy softening her features .
she could move to some place like boston or new york .
well , d ' ye see , ' t was one of the , er , lasses in the place , told me as she 'd been stolen from her home by outlaws who set upon the place one day without warning .
but i 'd ask ye to go canny about the place .
and he saw it , too , the gobshite , and when she went out , he jeered at me , saying now he was safe , he 'd fooled her into tending him and she 'd never let him be killed , and directly he was free of the place , he 'd have a score of men down upon us like vengeance itself , and then ... '' she closed her eyes , swaying briefly , and pressed a hand to her chest .
` ` oh ... it 's no such a terrible place , '' he said , unable to refute anything else in her statement .
had said goodbye to scotland at the rail of the artemis , knowing full well it was likely his last sight of the place .
` ` some say this place is like it , though .
` ` it 's an amusement park - for children , '' she added , knowing that while there were such things as amusement parks in places like london and paris , these were purely adult places .
for she had heard that africa was a heathen place where folk went entirely nak*d and killed one another with spears , like as one would do with a boar , and if one wanted to speak of nak*d , that statue of the soldier laddie on the lawn was shocking , did we not think ?
` ` i 'll go and see is anyone limping about the place , then . ''
and a good question , coming to live in a place where half the folk ye meet are strangers - and plenty of them more than a bit strange , too . ''
they 'd be safe in the twentieth century , perhaps in scotland , perhaps in america - but in a place where children did n't die of diarrhea and sudden fevers .
the public houses , taverns , ordinaries , and pothouses in charlotte were doing a roaring business , as delegates , spectators , and hangers - on seethed through them , men of loyalist sentiments collecting in the king 's arms , those of rabidly opposing views in the blue boar , with shifting currents of the unallied and undecided eddying to and fro , purling through the goose and oyster , thomas 's ordinary , the groats , simon 's , buchanan 's , mueller 's , and two or three nameless places that barely qualified as shebeens .
` ` it has n't been a fortunate place for them . ''
` ` it 's a miracle that ye ' ve not burnt the place to ashes long since , lass . ''
in a place with so many people , how could the loss of only four be so important ?
would n't i give them to you , if i had any , to save you wrecking the place ? ''
` ` it 's a lovely , quiet place . ''
` ` the thing is , ladies then did n't go about the place unescorted , and if they did , they did n't do it wearing print dresses and oxford loafers , '' i explained .
if charles is in england , it means he 's gotten sufficient backing from other places to get him to scotland , first .
and you frequent such places , do you , master raymond ?
but while dougal might lead men into battle , it was colum who held the power to say whether the battle would take place .
i thought you looked as though ye grew there , like one of the saplings - like ye 'd always been a part of this place .
you 'll ha ' me leave her to run the place alone , wi ' three small bairns at her apron , and but half the men needed ?
not that it would do me much good to try , i thought gloomily ; i 'd be hopelessly lost in the house after the first turn of the corridor ; the bloody place was as big as buckingham palace .
ye 'll learn nothin ' useful in that place , lass , i told her .
` ` the minister 's cat is scared stiff of that place , '' he said frankly .
` ` a place called river run , '' he was saying to the governor .
` ` i will say that if it 's a swampish place , at least it 's fine soil .
` ` it 's a verra big place , sassenach . ''
this place in its way was as strange to him as it was to me ; and yet he knew not only what people were saying - anyone could find that out , who cared to haunt tavern and market - but what they were thinking .
the thought was a rather daunting one ; it was a place of amazing beauty and richness , but so wild , it hardly seemed that people could live in it .
my backcountry patients came from many places , and many spoke neither english nor french ; there were german lutherans , quakers , scots and scotch - irish , and a large settlement of moravian brethren at salem , who spoke a peculiar dialect of what i thought was czechoslovakian .
` ` i have never seen such a place .
he went , the grief of the place clinging to him like the smoke that permeated clothes and hair .
two guests have come ... ` ` it will be a wild place . ''
it was a beautiful place , she thought .
` ` -and certainly not to a place like america !
why ought she to feel so strongly for a place she hardly knew ?
it 's a horrible place .
` ` infection , ruptured placenta , abnormal presentation , miscarriage , hemorrhage , puerperal fever - in most places , surviving birth was roughly a fifty - fifty proposition . ''
` ` you ca n't run the place alone , no more than miss jo can .
there 's not a man in the place who 's not half in his cups already , and they 'll be far gone in an hour .
` ` canna expect a great deal from such a small place .
it gave me an odd feeling to see the place again ; so little had changed .
above all , there was that same feeling of lurking strangeness about the place .
and if geillis duncan is goin ' about the place spreading such rumors - that woman 's a troublemaker , sassenach ; a gossip and a scold , if not the witch folk say she is - well , i 'd best see that he finds out , then . ''
i did n't know he was laird of this place ; i can only have married him for himself .
there was a smell about the place , which i imagined as the smell of misery and fear , though i supposed it was no more than the niff of ancient squalor and an absence of drains .
` ` given that ye did manage to get into wentworth , it doesna seem likely that sir fletcher would allow ye to wander about the place .
` ` and as for takin ' men into the place !
` ` this - the colonies - it 's a big place , jamie .
i knew what it would have meant in boston of the 1960s , but this was a very different place , and while in some ways society here was more rigid and less officially enlightened than the time i had come from , in others it was oddly much more tolerant .
no matter ; newspapers were as good as novels , in a place where reading material was almost literally scarcer than gold .
` ` what are you doing , skulking round the place at dead of night ? ''
i never read a word about governor tryon , or north carolina , or a place called alamance .
` ` i dinna think he kent what it might cost to be chief in a place like that - not ' til later .
' t was cold as charity in the place , and the thought of havin ' such a plump , hot , wee bridie in your hands - meanin ' no offense to ye , ma'am , i ' m sure , '' he added hurriedly , tipping his hat in my direction .
` ` storm the place , '' he said shortly .
bethany gave a thoughtful shrug and laughed softly at the thought of leaving her stepdaughter 's love life in the hands of crusty , outspoken ben - the man who also happened to be bethany 's birth father and the reason she 'd moved to hard luck in the first place .
finally , she sat down and composed a letter to erik erikson of pendleton , oregon , a place she 'd never heard of and certainly never dreamed of seeing .
when she arrived in pendleton , she had no idea at the time she 'd find herself truly thinking of the place as home .
` ` any ideas on why ashton would kidnap aundy , kill her sheep , shoot the boy , and try to run her off the place ? ''
` ` you 're going to have to set the place on fire , belle .
it 's like we 're playing musical chairs around this place . ''
some of my favorite brown memories are of this place . ''
this place is making me crazy !
not only because we heard that scorpion was disqualified for using brass knuckles at a fight the night before and because remington is in first place point - wise by a lot of points , but because i know that austin is the place where he was born - where he , in his head , believes he was rejected .
so now i ' m just trying very hard to go on with my life like i never intended to compete in the olympics in the first place , and the last thing i need is a man taking up time i could dedicate to building a future in the new profession i ' ve chosen .
' by the time i got there the place was an inferno .
` ` this place is awful , and strange .
` ` i keep that whole room like that to remind myself every day of my hatred of that place , of the betrayal , and the destruction .
in the meantime , she would need to reign in her abhorrence for the place if she was going to be of any use .
she did n't want to see anymore of that place than she had too .
then again , what had he expected when his squad gassed the place ?
of course cole wanted to take her far away from this place , from the first time he 'd laid eyes on the rundown house .
` ` that place scared me .
everyone had probably thought she was the biggest stuck - up bitch to ever walk in the place .
yeah , you ' ve been kind of grumping around the place for a few days , but overall something has brightened you up .
fuck , the whole place was watching .
` ` adam can run the place without me for a week . ''
not after he 'd asked you to have his baby in the first place .
he watched her retreat and realized how much he wanted to be away from this place .
he sometimes thought he was single - handedly keeping the place in the black .
with the holiday on a friday this year , everyone had places to go ... ` ` and people to do , '' she whispered saucily .
so you just happened to show up at wulf 's den the same time royce and i were there because you have now decided the women are better looking there than any place else .
we 'll be home before nightfall and that place is a fortress .
this place has already gone apeshit since helen arrived .
we could use a little humor to lighten up the place .
` ` there 's a kind of peace about this place , is n't there ? ''
if there was even a slight chance sibyl could help , she had to find her , no matter how horrible the place was .
even though it was a refuge for demons and killers , it was still a beautiful place .
` ` this place will do that to you .
not a place that tolerated her existence because zach needed her to live .
there was no way she could blow this place up , even if she did think it was the right thing to do .
then again , not much of anything had made a lot of sense in this place .
not falling in love with this place was going to be hard .
` ` i originally came here to blow this place up .
he tore the place apart in the middle of the day . ''
` ` is there any secret exit out of this place ?
lexi figured it was the least she could do after her willingness to blow the place up .
that 'll warm the place up soon . ''
i just thought it would be nice to visit a place i 'd never been to before .
` ` i ' m sure she wants to be out of that place as much as we want her out . ''
but there was no way she was going to raise a child in this place .
this place takes a lot of effort to keep running , and we all have to earn our keep . ''
if hope was right , then this place , this temprocia , was rustic but not terribly hostile .
` ` i never know what to expect in this place . ''
he would have guessed she hated people and that she 'd never go out of her way to actually hang out in a place infested by them .
fucked the place up and killed his dog .
i know you loved this place . ''
since it was highly doubtful she would ' ve picked up that level of sensual sophistication around a town of this size , where the dating pool had to be painfully small , he was even more curious about the time she 'd spent away from this place .
in a place like this , guardians did n't need to stay as close to their moroi .
they were sent off to places like st . vladimir 's , where they could grow up safely .
i 'd heard stories about moroi prisons , and they were terrible places .
children were sent to places like st . vladimir 's with the certainty they would be protected .
he was there when the escape took place and higgens and thornton asked me to join them in explaining everything . ''
` ` i do n't like the feel of this place at all , captain .
someone is understood to possess something if they can be said to own it or if it is within the place where they live .
kate milford when i moved to new york city , i realized i had to write about the place .
even places you know well can take on a touch of the unknown when you arrive there from a different direction .
cities are brimming with the potential to reveal the strange ; and it might not be that you 're suddenly transported to unfamiliar territory but that you suddenly discover that the city around you simply never was the familiar place you ( mistakenly ) took it for .
it makes such good sense in the books because these are places that feel unfamiliar in reality to anyone who has n't spent time getting to know them .
in stories like these , where the setting is a character , a major part of the protagonist 's evolution is the passage by which she , suddenly marooned right at home in a place that is n't what she thought it was , must learn to love ( or at least accept ) the city .
the final scene of city of bones is a lovely visualization of this : clary is presented with a panoramic view of the city , alive with all the things she can now see and sense but still visible and recognizable as the same place in which she grew up : and there it was spread out before her like a carelessly opened jewelry box , this city more populous and more amazing than she had ever imagined : there was the emerald square of central park , where the faerie courts met on midsummer evenings ; there were the lights of the clubs and bars downtown , where the vampires danced the nights away at pandemonium ; there were the alleys of chinatown down which the werewolves slunk at night , their coats reflecting the city 's lights .
no place is as drama - ridden as rosemary .
chapter 3 ` ` did you pick this place because of that harness ? ''
` ` i ' m going to miss this place , '' he said .
now that she was pregnant , her relief was compounded by the fact that she would n't bring her babies home to a place that still held so much darkness for rachel .
` ` sounds like home is a nice place . ''
blair looks at me with wonder as if a backhanded miracle just took place .
once upon a time i 'd have loved this place .
go see other places .
perhaps there were still places like mayberry in the world ; he would like to visit one someday , though of course he could never live there.mayberrys were not for him ; he just wanted perhaps to sit on a bench on the courthouse square , and breathe the air of goodness for a minute or two .
that worked so long as there was no need for credit , or a driver 's license , or you did n't try to work in a legitimate place that demanded a social security number .
` ` it sounds a delightful place .
where did you hear about that place ? ''
maybe once she sees the place , she 'll be hooked . ''
` ` which fits with the local lore about this place , '' alex said .
` ` i suppose that 's another way of looking at this place . ''
` ` in any case , those grandchildren will be lucky to grow up in such a beautiful place . ''
it would be stifling holed up in that dreadful little place .
there was always adventure and danger and excitement and journeys that took place in and around the small coastal town of beaufort , north carolina , the place travis parker grew up in and still called home .
it was a pretty place , especially the historic district .
there were a couple of restaurants with gorgeous views : old , homegrown places with local character , complete with covered patios and picnic tables that made customers feel as if they were on vacation in a place where time stood still .
it sometimes struck her as ironic that her ancestors from scotland and ireland had bypassed northern climates with similar cloudy weather to move to a place where prolonged exposure to the sun practically guaranteed melanoma in people like them - or , at the very least , wrinkles , which was the reason her mother wore hats even if her time outside was limited to walking to and from the car .
it was that feeling of engagement , she realized , that led her to embark on a relationship with kevin in the first place .
i think it 's a great place , and it 's one of the most beautiful cities in the south .
growing up , i used to think that this was the most boring place in the world , but when i think back , i realize that the corollary to that was that anything exciting meant that much more to me .
prior to those visits , his preconceptions of nursing homes were that they were all dimly lit , filthy places where confused , moaning patients wandered the halls in the middle of the night and were watched over by orderlies who bordered on the psychotic .
at least , not in the places he and stephanie visited .
` ` not your kind of place , huh ? ''
he had no idea what jim had done to entice her to a place like swansboro .
his only escape had been through the photographs in books by ansel adams , photographs that seemed to whisper of other places , better places .
hampton was n't the worst place he 'd ever seen , not by a long shot , but it was n't the best , either .
gramps ruled the place like an old - fashioned mafia don , and most people in town sang his praises and went on and on about what a quality man he was .
you walk across the country , you get to hampton , you say you like the place , and now you want to work here ? ''
since starting at the kennel on wednesday , he 'd spent most of his time with nana , learning the ins and outs of the place .
chapter 11 thibault in the fall of 2007 , a year after getting out of the marine corps , thibault arranged to meet victor in minnesota , a place neither of them had ever been .
` ` it came with the place , '' he said .
when i ask , you just say that ' hampton seems like a nice place . '
staying in atlanta , the place she 'd grown up , would have been impossible .
i suppose if i were younger and kyle was n't around , this place would drive me crazy .
in time denise came to see edenton for what it was , a place that operated on its own slow schedule , a culture tied to raising kids and spending sundays in church , to working the waters and tilling the fertile soil ; a place where home still meant something .
in time denise came to see edenton for what it was , a place that operated on its own slow schedule , a culture tied to raising kids and spending sundays in church , to working the waters and tilling the fertile soil ; a place where home still meant something .
people do favors for one another because they never know when they might need one in return , and it 's one of the reasons new bern is so different from other places .
it was an opportunity to take the trip of a lifetime to places that had lingered in my imagination since boyhood .
how many flights even go to a place like easter island ?
our country , warts and all , is a place that foreigners find both fascinating and intriguing ; they love some things and hate others , but everyone has an opinion about it .
all my friends had taken corporate jobs in new york or chicago , but those jobs also tended to be close to the places they 'd grown up .
our buses parked near the carved rock churches , and as soon as we stepped off the bus , we were besieged by teens ; unlike other places we 'd visited , they had no trinkets for sale .
` ` so what did you think of this place ? ''
` ` i think cat would have liked all the places we ' ve gone .
travel in the city was noisy , hectic , and , depending on the cabdriver , sometimes life - threatening , but as a born and bred new yorker , he 'd long since come to accept it as just another exciting aspect of living in the place he called home .
the place was otherwise as flat as the flounders he 'd heard about on the radio .
` ` so union pacific came through to set the railroad lines , which , of course , was supposed to turn this place into a big cosmopolitan area .
looks like the place is sinking , right , just like hettie said it would ?
it was written just the way he 'd expected - heavy on hype and sensationalism , with enough haughtiness to suggest that everyone who lived in boone creek always knew the place was extra special .
you live your life thinking that there 's no place in the world as special as new york and that no place else has anything to offer . ''
in many ways , it 's a lot like this place . ''
this was a party meant to honor someone who had nothing to do with the town and did n't give a damn about this place .
` ` do you know a nice place ? ''
this whole place is nuts , that 's what happened !
she understands this place better than you or me , and she has n't led me wrong yet . ''
he 'd never been interested in the nitty - gritty of jeremy 's work , and he finally convinced jeremy to drive him across the bridge to the paper mill so he could see the place himself .
who , according to mayor gherkin , ` ` knew everything there was to know about this place . ''
but the simple fact was that the town needed something to build on , something to get people to visit , something to make them spend a couple of days in town so they could experience how wonderful this place was .
but i did what i thought was right for this place and the people who live here .
in a place like this , i would n't want to find myself in the wrong sort of neighborhood . ''
hawaii , bali , new zealand , places like that ?
` ` i like places like this , '' she said .
there was no reason to be here in the first place , and the last thing i wanted savannah to think was that i was some kind of stalker .
i hated everything about the place , including my friends , and i realized that i always had .
instead of asking why a coin might be particularly valuable , she asked when and where he 'd found it , and she was treated to tales of boring weekends of my youth spent in places like atlanta and charleston and raleigh and charlotte .
there 's cutting - edge research going on in those places .
they 're doing biochemotherapy and clinical trials at other places .
the place we worked helped .
like everyone else in the restaurant , she 'd grown up in southport , which she described as being aparadise for children , families , and the elderly , but the most dismal place on earth for single people .
besides , the longer you live here , the more you'llunderstand that there are no such things as secrets in this place .
like you said , you'restarting over and what better place to start over than a place like this ?
my friend loves it here , but usually i ca n't stand the place .
a place like tarasov ?
it did n't have the depressing feel that tarasov had had , but this place 's stark and steel - lined industrial air did n't exactly inspire warm and fuzzy feelings .
i do n't want to spend the rest of my life in a place like tarasov . ''
he 'd told me and mom countless times about the places he had seen .
` ` you 're going to love this place . ''
i think this place is going to be much livelier from now on . ''
maybe all she 'd needed to remember the good times was to see this place again .
the story of us starts eleven years ago , in a place few of you have ever seen : the san juan islands up in washington state .
this place , summer island , is killing me .
in those days , in that place , they were still doing electric shock therapy .
the town was an enchanting mix of old , decrepit buildings and newer ones , built with a reverence for the past in mind it was a place where pedestrians and bikers were as liable to be in the middle of main street as an automobile , and the honk of a car horn was almost never heard .
no , not at all , '' she stammered , hardly believing that such an odd conversation was actually taking place .
there was also america to consider , of course , or perhaps somewhere like india , but both of these places just seemed so impossibly far away from the man she loved : ryan .
he was the master of moorland manor now - a place that had once been alive with music and laughter .
lucy wondered if a place worse than hell existed .
it was the most horrible place she could ever imagine .
he never wanted this pain - in - the - ass job in the first place .
he runs a very civilized place . ''
micah would look at her with those dark eyes and ask her what the hell a little girl like her was doing in a place like this .
she should n't even know places like this existed .
it was hard to feel cheap or tawdry in such a place , and maybe that was the point .
but i need to know you 're safe , and i 'd rather you not go back to places like the house . ''
i left miami because i wanted to start a new life in a place where no one knew me and i was n't faced with unhappy memories on a daily basis . ''
the world was a big , scary place .
murie had suffered little but misery in this place .
far from the pressures of school , in a place where no one knows me and a beautiful man is looking at me with desire in his eyes ?
` ` you never should have gone up there in thefirst place .
a man could not peruse accounts properly in this gloomy place .
sighing , she glanced around the room with distaste and moved quickly toward the door , suddenly eager to remain as close to radcliffe as possible until she was free of this place .
sawyer this place was like a frat house .
it had the requisite quaint downtown , complete with antiques stores , art galleries , and coffee shops , and the place had more weekly festivals than seemed possible for a town of fewer than a thousand people .
he passed through grantsboro and alliance , bayboro and stonewall , towns even smaller than oriental , and it struck him that pamlico county was like a place lost in time , nothing but a forgotten page in an abandoned book .
` ` i have n't seen the place in years . ''
in this place , with so much history surrounding them , she swore she could see the young man dawson used to be , but she tried to remind herself that they were different people now .
tuck used to swear by the place . ''
he wants us to have a piece of him and this place , too . ''
amanda was in a car with a man she 'd once loved , journeying to a place unknown to either of them , and she reflected that the idea would have struck her as preposterous even a few days ago .
after that , i came up here and saw the place for the first time in years .
by now he was sober , and though his concern for jared was apparent , he failed to make any mention of why jared had been driving through the intersection in the first place , or why jared had even been driving his father at all .
of course , in a place like irvin 's , any information had to be taken with a grain of salt .
she was drained from everything that had happened today , and this dreadful place made her feel sick and fuzzy .
` ` i bet this place is less magical in the day , '' she said , more to herself than anything .
on the one hand it was a relief not to have to deal with the mercurial panther , on the other , he was a part of the place .
it was a warm , earnest , busy place , full of hope and good cheer - and it was a farce .
audrey had grown up in every place but america ; her father was with the diplomatic corps .
` ` i dunno - when i was a kid i always hated this place .
reminding people of what the world had once been like , a savage place where humans were the prey .
this place makes me happy .
and she 'd rather her child live anywhere than here in a place where his or her safety would always be at risk .
` ` you have n't even seen the place . ''
he had entertained her when she was five years old with souvenirs from far - off places and magic tricks that had seemed real to a child .
` ` if this place is like a dream and we know we 're dreaming it , we should be able to change things .
by whatever weird laws operated in this place , she 'd already yielded julian the right to touch her hand , her cheek , her hair .
` ` it 's just one more weird thing about this place . ''
stay in this place long enough and you might forget which one is really you , she thought .
` ` i hate this place , '' zach said , looking at his own gray - eyed reflection .
` ` this place brings up bad memories . ''
this place really had changed .
they just thought they 'd look the place over , you know .
she and the others had stepped out of the mainstream , into a place where anything could happen and the only rules were their own .
` ` this place is creepy , '' audrey announced suddenly .
flashlights were waving all over the place .
jenny still had a very bad feeling about the place .
audrey and joey were well on their way to opening a catering business in maine , of all places .
` ` awesome place , like hawaii but without a crazy crush of tourists . ''
behind them , the precinct lights glowed yellow , offering comfort and warmth , odd solace for a place they rarely associated with either .
danny 's eyes were darting all over the place now , checking the perimeter .
it was the only thing that could explain why she was here visiting her dad , in this godforsaken southern armpit of a place , instead of spending time with her friends back home in manhattan .
last year , he 'd moved back here , to the town where he 'd grown up , a place he never thought he 'd see again .
talking about those places made her absolutely long to be back home instead of here .
she wanted nothing more than to get the hell out of this place .
but with marcus showing up ... she really , really wanted to get as far away from this place as possible .
she 'd had a lot of fun with will , or at least as much fun as she could have in a place like this .
the church ... it went up in minutes and the whole place burned to the ground .
it was n't as if he lived in los angeles , where celebrity kids could be found in every school , or was at a place like andover , where practically everyone knew someone who came from a famous family .
it was n't so easy in a place like this , where everyone knew everybody , and as he 'd grown older , he 'd grown somewhat cautious about his friendships .
he spoke constantly of how important the church was to pastor harris and how much the pastor missed preaching in the place that he 'd long considered a second home .
that 's why he started his charitable foundation in the first place , and that 's why i ' m going to work there after graduation .
` ` i think i 'd like living in a place like that . ''
i think she wants to remember this place like it used to be .
we ' ve been doing everything we can this past year to figure out how to squeeze some more money out of the place , but it 's just not working .
his name was jack audley ; formerly captain john audley of his majesty 's army ; formerly jack audley of butlersbridge , county cavan , ireland ; formerly jack cavendish - audley of the same place ; and formerly - as formerly as one could get , as it was at the time of his christening - john augustus cavendish .
her parents had lacked the funds to travel , but theirs had been wandering hearts , and the eversleigh home had been filled with maps and books about faraway places .
the place ought to be renamed corpulent babies , armed with quivers and bows room .
it was a quiet drive , but then the hollow was a quiet place , a splat on the map in the rolling western maryland countryside that got itself juiced up for the annual memorial day parade , the fourth of july fireworks in the park , the occasional civil war reenactment .
the place was clean , because the old man had been since april .
this place was a dump compared , not the kind of place he 'd want to bring a date , he thought with a glance around .
` ` did you get the thing from the place ? ''
but you can make this place live again , and to me , that 's giving twisse a major ass - kicking .
` ` i agree with that , and not just because this place is going to rock , '' quinn added .
` ` you 're in love with this place , '' cybil observed .
he 's a stranger here , just trying to fit in and get through his senior year in a strange and foreign place .
only the top - notch places did that .
the thing to remember about the south is that in little places like yazoo , you go to church .
you 're too special for a place like this , i ' ve always known that .
he stared at the buildings and the people , fascinated by a place as tiny and backwater as jackson .
i thought again , as we walked along the pearl river , that tre was wasted in a place like yazoo city .
not in any of those places .
` ` all those places . ''
` ` this place is a lot to take in for some people . ''
` ` this place has that effect on most people . ''
this place makes me a little nervous . ''
this place is going downhill . ''
i ' ve got places to go , people to see . ''
she needs to get out before she gets sucked into this place . ''
no offense or anything , but this place brings back way too many unpleasant memories . ''
maybe this place was just getting in the way of you . ''
her toenails are always pink during the summer months , and i recognize the flower design imprinted on her leather sandals ; it 's what mom purchased the last time she signed me out of the bad place and took me to the mall .
as my mother drives me out of maryland and through delaware , past all those fast - food places and strip malls , she explains that dr . timbers did not want to let me out of the bad place , but with the help of a few lawyers and her girlfriend 's therapist - the man who will be my new therapist - she waged a legal battle and managed to convince some judge that she could care for me at home , so i thank her .
i ask if i can go later that night , after i have completed my daily weights routine , but mom says i 'll have to go back to the bad place in baltimore if i do not keep my appointments with dr . patel , and she even references the court ruling , telling me i can read the paperwork if i do n't believe her .
i thank her for getting me out of the bad place , saying nikki is far more likely to come to collingswood than to a mental institution , and when i say this , mom starts to cry , which is so strange .
he never visited me in the bad place either , but he used to write me letters about how great his daughter , emily , was and i guess is , although i have not yet met emily to verify the letters .
veterans stadium - which we used to call the concrete doughnut - falls like a circle of dominoes , gray dust fills the screen , and it breaks my heart to see that place crumble , even though i suspect that what i am viewing is a computergenerated trick .
` ` how long was i in the bad place ?
yes , i had specifically asked for a new barbecue , but i ' m glad that i have the picture now , because it helped me get through all that time in the bad place and made me want to be a better person , and i ' m changed now , so i not only realize but appreciate that you put a lot of thought and effort into this present .
i do n't really want to hear ronnie talk his way out of this one , because ronnie is the only friend i have , now that i am out of the bad place , and we have had such a great day , and the eagles have won , and my father put his arm around me , and - ` ` i know tiffany and you went out to dinner , which is great .
scott tells me about his life , and it turns out that while i was in the bad place , he married someone named willow , and they actually now have three - year - old twins named tami and jeri - lyn .
esther attends the funeral , and the book ends just as she steps into a room full of therapists who will decide if esther is healthy enough to leave her bad place .
` ` mom actually tried to get you out of that place in baltimore for the mass , but it was when you were first admitted and they would n't let you out .
once outside , on the small patch of grass between the street and the sidewalk , i begin the same push - up and sit - up routine i used to do back in the bad place , before i had access to free weights and a stationary bike and the stomach master 6000 .
also , the way that huck and jim stuck together through bad times reminded me of danny and pat getting each other 's backs in the bad place .
cliff says that tiffany and i have a lot in common at this point and that you and i have very little in common , because we are in very different places .
on broad street i see a few black people , which gets me thinking about danny and how he always used to talk about going to live with his aunt in north philly just as soon as he got out of the bad place - especially whenever i mentioned my graduating from la salle university , which is apparently close to where danny 's aunt lives .
i wonder if danny ever made it out of the bad place , and the thought of him having christmas in a mental institution makes me really sad because danny was a good friend to me .
everyone in the bad place was pretty shocked when danny began speaking regularly the next day .
when did you get out of the bad place ? ''
jake helps me stand , and then everyone in our section is high - fiving me and slapping my back because over my coat i am wearing the baskett jersey my brother gave me when i first got out of the bad place .
` ` this is one of the best features in this place . ''
it 's a beautiful place .
` ` all of my life i remember my father waxing lyrical about that place .
ratty old place .
she 'd been very happy to be able to visit mindy in lubbock instead of having to go back to that place where she 'd been judged for her every move .
back then , tal had been in a bad place with piper .
` ` lots of women died in that place .
this whole place is going to blow , and there 's not a damn thing you can do .
redheads are so hard to find , and they do so well in the more exotic places of the world .
as always , lauren tried to imagine how it felt to belong in a place like this .
` ` this place has helped me . ''
` ` my daughter used to love that place . ''
she 'd dreamed of belonging in a place like this .
` ` if i 'd grown up in a place like this , with a mother like you ...
jamie had n't thought about the place in years .
a place he thought he 'd killed off when samantha had died .
she had a feeling , though , that whatever they were , they were tied directly to his identity and motive for committing these murders in the first place .
what made the dark and deadly so seductive when the motto of the place was laissez les bon temps rouler ?
blaire needed the fresh clean air in rosemary not this nicotine infested place .
key west was n't a big place .
with places like this why do people need me ? ''
he enjoys his job but after seeing this place i have no idea why he stays in dallas . ''
this place was super elite .
i saw a kindred spirit in you and i sent you here to keep you until i had the guts to come back and face this place . ''
` ` there 's no hope for this place .
` ` i met her in memphis that summer i worked down there , and it turned out she was from chicago too , which sort of bonded us together in a place far from home for the summer .
legend was indeed a horrible place , but that was what was so good about it : no one in his right mind would look for her or anyone else here .
for all that jeremy was only nine , he had seen a very ugly side of life , and he knew what jobs were open to women in a place like legend .
` ` hell could n't be worse than this place . ''
` ` montana 's a dumb place , '' evan told his father .
after living on a college campus , i had a new appreciation for just how much this place resembled a university more than a typical high school .
we should never have come back to this place , i realized bleakly .
people get so used to living in a place like this , they forget that the tourists who come here see it entirely differently . ''
` ` i do n't have to tell you what 's great about this place . ''
this place 'll get crazy once the fight starts . ''
one caught the whole f**king place on fire ... it 's bad , shep .
i hope you do n't mind , but i would just feel better being there to keep an eye on the place , and well ; it 's my home .
i think charleston is a great place , and i enjoyed growing up there , but myrtle beach is where my heart is . ''
i was n't into the farm thing but this place was n't half - bad .
over the next couple of years he 'd brought me stickers from places he went , or just random ones he 'd come across and thought i 'd like .
a place that her sister had come back to and from which she had now disappeared .
she just wanted to get the hell out of that creepy place .
she 'd been brought to this place to be poked and prodded .
this place smelted like a hospital .
luke is tearing the damned place up , and we have every cop in colorado prowling the highways looking for you . ''
lord , she 'd left los angeles , where she 'd always thought of life as being somewhat surreal , and landed in cajun country , a place she began to suspect was the south 's version of oz .
a pair of nurses passed in the nearby hall , obviously in the midst of a shift change , and paused to stare at the tableau taking place .
and maybe kimber had stuck around just to give him the ass chewing he deserved for getting her pregnant in the first place , then handling it so badly .
think about your immortal soul before you enter this place where the devil is at work .
` ` the place must have been an inferno by then ! ''
his money was on that place .
if he 'd gone to visit an old lady , why were there so many armed thugs and little baggies stuffed with white powder strewn all around the place ?
by the time i tracked her down at the hospital with her poor , sick mother , too many of your personal security buddies were crawling around the place . ''
every dom in the place will see if you are wearing a bra and they 'll know something is wrong .
` ` this place is teeming with sick f**ks selling women to abusers and rapists around the world who might be on to us , and you have to ask why i ' m uptight when you disappear ?
he would say that the place is silly with its lace and dolls and the singer . ''
the few places he 'd called ` ` home '' over the years had been mostly shitholes , barracks , or transient motels .
he 'd grown used to the freeways and skyscrapers of los angeles over the last few years , but decker was thinking that he could kind of get used to a place like this , even having a home for once .
i 'd taken off until january so that i could go on this boat trip with my dad , visiting a bunch of different places , but when we got back i was planning to open my own business . ''
he 'd grown up here and always thought of this place as a little slice of heaven , a refuge in the city .
and sweet pea might seem like the most submissive creature ever , but she can run that place like a drill instructor when she has to . ''
as far as i know , they did n't try to extort money from my dad or rob the place .
i mean , unless a person actually witnesses the horizontal mambo , they ca n't be sure that it really took place , now , can they ? ''
i figured you 'd come out of this stinking up the place .
` ` in the first place , i do n't think anyone knew my mother was pregnant except maybe my father , and he died when she left .
and then there was the issue of the general mood of the place .
if colin showed up with luna , and duncan invited a lively female friend , the four of them might be able to blow the cobwebs out of the dreary old place .
` ` i just want to warn everyone that george trevelyan has his eye on this place .
rest assured that if i had n't wanted to be seduced , no seduction would have taken place .
judging people 's financial status was tough in a place like polecat , where everyone kept a low profile , dressed casually , and drove dusty trucks and suvs .
search the place if that will make you happy . ''
furniture selection was limited in a place like polecat , so it was n't surprising that jake 's looked quite a bit like hers , too .
at last she understood that with every moment in his embrace , she 'd slip farther from the civilized world and deeper into the wild place that jake called home .
he tells her he likes naples even more than rome , because the people in naples are so intensely from the place they 're from .
she does as they have planned : she walks her bike down the path , trying to look calm , as if this is an ordinary early evening stroll through a place where peasants rarely go .
` ` comrade floppy does n't like this place , '' leo says , hugging his bunny .
no one in america can really understand this girl or the place in which she lives .
maybe it 's better to say it 's the sort of place you come back to , once you ' ve gone out and had your time in the big city , or the big bad universe .
was thinking about heading back out to marfa , but this place is kinda growing on me .
he 'd miss this place ... but he 'd miss one person in particular the most .
and rent in bluebonnet was a lot cheaper than most places .
later that evening , when he was in bed with elise , watching tv and thinking the world was sometimes a pretty perfect place , he got a text on his phone .
maybe $ 5 is an insult in a place like this ?
` ` why do you need a maid when you ' ve barely slept in this place for one night ?
elliott kept a light hand on her back and squinted up at the place , and glanced around the campus of collier county government buildings .
nothing remotely like love took place . ''
the place is a hellhole . ''
` ` this place has n't changed a bit . ''
you 're going to make this place your home , and we 're going to have pictures of our life together . ''
but something about this place made her sad , made her want to bring flowers and color and noise to his world .
` ` brock can come off pretty harsh sometimes , but it 's because he lives for this place .
seeing her innocence always reminded ethan of all the reasons he 'd joined the cia in the first place , back in his idealistic days .
` ` both places .
shannon , the whole place , carried an air of some kind of floral cleaner .
and yes , curious as hell about the place where tony had grown up .
this place screwed with his head , so much so he 'd actually brought up marriage , for crying out loud .
but no matter what he said or how far he got from this place , the medina heritage coursed through his veins .
there was a reason they called lilah ` ` the iron lady '' around this place , and she intended to keep her reputation intact .
` ` when our hospital staff first heard the news , the whole place went wild over the fact that one of our own surgeons had been leading a double life . ''
` ` actually- '' she tossed aside her purse ` ` -i intended to get you to pull over on a deserted side road - since this whole place is essentially deserted that would n't have been tough - and i would seduce you in the car .
this place had its differences from monte carlo , a more casual air to the high - end vacationers in sarongs and flowing sundresses , but there were still plenty of jewels around necks , in ears ... and in navels .
but so far , she liked the place .
she could n't help but be charmed by this place .
this place had never been the problem .
yet somehow , this place did n't quite feel like home anymore .
but he 'd been smart enough to know that an education from a place like emerson would look a hell of a lot better on a college application than the decaying public school he would have attended otherwise .
the other scholarship kids who were smart but poor and determined to end up in a better place than their parents .
` ` peyton , i did n't mean- '' ` ` once you start letting in the riffraff , the whole place goes to hell , does n't it ? ''
which was why he 'd been there in the first place , to rent a tux for emerson 's prom .
two sweet old southern ladies would find this place enchanting .
` ` the service in this place sucks , ava .
a nice girl like you in a place like that , i mean . ''
trolls and dragons like him would be completely unwelcome in such a fantastic place .
about how she 'd come to work here in the first place to research her dissertation and about being lauren grable - monroe , too .
he had been so sure that by winning scholarships to college and achieving academic honors , by writing celebrated stories for a celebrated magazine like man 's life , by geographically distancing himself from the place where he had grown up , by emotionally distancing himself from his sister and what few friends he 'd ever had ... by doing all those things , lucas had been so sure he was dealing with it .
that should be an enormous improvement over this place . ''
thinking back , he supposed he probably should have checked the place out before enrolling chloe , but the van meter academy had come so very highly recommended by everyone he 'd spoken to .
` ` i like places that are a bit smaller , '' he told her .
well , she 'd read about the place in esquire magazine - guess it was n't as little known as he realized - and how they employed their own weavers and designers , and probably even their own worms , so that their garments were each utterly luxurious and completely one - of - a - kind .
you 're so worried about people finding out you started off poor and disadvantaged , not even caring that it 's perfectly acceptable to have come from that- '' ` ` there was nothing acceptable about the place i come from , '' he interjected coldly .
maybe she was n't from the blue blood , gold coast society he moved in now , but it was obvious she did n't know the first thing about the sort of place he 'd come from .
hell , even visiting a place like this tainted his newfound way of life .
not if it meant coming back to a place like this .
something about a place like this made profanity seem , well , profane .
why could n't violet be as awed by this place as he still was ?
` ` i do n't imagine too many gold coast folks find their way to places like that .
and not only of being from a ` ` hot '' place .
` ` the place where i come from on the east coast i had to leave a while back , because i - i got into some trouble there . ''
it did n't take seeing him in a place like the windsor club to know how well - paid he was or how many perks he must have enjoyed .
she had grown up in this place .
that was the reason she 'd come to work for matthias in the first place , because she 'd been thinking ahead , to a better future .
she had a full week to spend in one of the most beautiful places on earth , learning about a new career that , she hoped , would be hers for the rest of her life .
this place was as far removed from the skyscrapers and concrete of san francisco as it could be , and the last thing anyone should think about here was work .
especially in a place like lake tahoe , where there were so few corporate concerns , and no one she could think of that barton limited did business with .
he reminded himself of a lot of things as he stood at the window looking at the place where kendall was n't .
if he had a dollar for every honors degree places like stanford and harvard issued , he could paper the whole top of his desk .
she would be coming back in a couple of months to see the place again .
she was determined to go places .
he offered comfort and safety in a world that had become a much scarier place .
they talked about the places that he 'd traveled to , and he regaled her with stories about strange and unusual fans and even weirder tabloid headlines .
in case word has n't reached your tender ears yet , dear reader , this town is abuzz with the news that the wentworth - dillingham wedding was crashed by none other than the marquess of easterbridge , who proceeded to make the astonishing claim that his short - lived marriage to the lovely ms . wentworth two years ago in las vegas - of all places ! -had never been legally annulled .
` ` bigamy is a crime in many places , including new york , you know . ''
` ` and i have no idea what would have made belinda we d a friend of yours two years ago , in las vegas , of all places , '' pia countered .
yes , this tub could take her to another world , a place where tyrants did n't exist and she was n't facing the toughest of choices .
she 'd hated the place at first , felt trapped and left with no choices , but then the castle had grown on her .
by the time you move on to your next subject , you should have a basic understanding of why this war took place , and the lives that it affected .
she 'd worked so hard not to be in this place , always being the top of her class , studying hard , forgoing dating , avoiding the social scene unlike so many other high school and college students .
we take pride in offering more discounted surgeries than other places , but we do have to set a limit .
this place must really suck for you , big shot , '' ashton said with a laugh .
was tripping the name of the game in this place ?
he was almost done with this place , and once his stint was over , he was done forever , so how could these two people occupy so much of his time ?
` ` i want to go home - where i lived with my parents , i mean - just to see the place , just for a few minutes , '' she said , choking on the last part of her sentence .
he 'd wanted nothing more than to get back to this place for almost a whole month , but he had to get away right now .
what was this place doing to her ?
she was soon being pushed from one rack of clothes to the next , and her arms were laden with things she knew she 'd never wear again after she left this benighted place .
this dang place was sure to ruin her !
` ` i will give you a chance when i think you honestly give a damn about this place . ''
but , since she was in this place - did the people of sterling have any idea what an in - ground pool was ?
she needed to just leave this place , a place that made her feel so bad about herself .
she needed to just leave this place , a place that made her feel so bad about herself .
no , she did n't want to be a tyrant , but if she was going to run this place , she had to draw a line eventually , and today was that day .
before she 'd arrived and even into her first couple of weeks here , she 'd have been pleased if he decided to take her away from this place .
` ` has it been a culture shock for you coming from a large city to this place ? ''
` ` you do know that with the dry weather , if even one of these jars tips over , the place could go up in flames , right ? ''
the place was nondescript , a bit seedy , in fact , and they had n't blinked when she 'd given them her false name , her poorly done fake i d .
although technically he did owe her - it was because of him that she 'd worn the stupid shoes in the first place .
she choked down her rising temper , not wanting to make a scene in a place like jacques - although it would be quite satisfying to embarrass zack in front of his peers .
` ` it was the worst place i ' ve ever lived in .
remember that place , mike ? ''
so i guess we 'll have to settle for this horrible place . ''