it 's what attracted me to him in the first place .
so i thought it would be better to convince him that he did n't want you in the first place . ''
they were n't married in the first place , '' i clarify .
but i should have believed brynn in the first place , '' nate says quietly , though i can hear the strength in his voice .
and you certainly do n't get to choose who your parents are in the first place .
another check in the plus column for this place .
and since she was n't small breasted in the first place , they became quite obvious in the dress .
she had the impression that they would do whatever they needed to in order to get what they needed , which was why she was in this position in the first place .
the puzzle slowly started to fall into place and his own eyes widened .
` ` but if it were n't for me , rob would n't have left in the first place . ''
he 'd work his way back into first place and he 'd stay there .
rounding out the group was jamie lassiter , a little shorter than the other two , a little slighter , as well , but he possessed a wiry strength and he 'd never taken last place when it came to getting the attention of women .
she 'd done a couple of years of track and field - she was a sprinter - and she had several second place ribbons , but no firsts .
that 's why gladys had caught his interest in the first place .
remember why we came here in the first place ? ''
` ` it was your bravery in speaking out in the first place that 's stuck with me all these years .
did n't they approach you to suggest the sale in the first place ? ''
she considered calling up jim and begging off the evening but then remembered how nervous he 'd been about calling her in the first place .
with her tan complexion , blonde hair , and blue eyes that resembled the deep southern sky on a summer day , she would have won the first place .
the fact that the necklace stained with blood was left behind could only mean they had never been here in the first place .
i do n't know why i bought that house in the first place .
` ` you 're just lucky i answered in the first place .
if he thought he would constantly come in second place to a ghost .
i knew it was a bit of a miracle that they 'd conceived in the first place .
` ` why did you get such a big house in the first place ? ''
i had n't really wanted to come in the first place .
` ` but are n't you mad that it was my fault he became that way in the first place ? ''
my eyes widened at her words , and like a lightbulb , everything fell into place .
it looks like i never had ms in the first place . ''
` ` and the good thing is , i can figure out why i was deficient in the first place .
golden did n't know what to do , not when it was her meddling that had brought this on in the first place .
` ` the marriage was never valid in the first place .
what you put arie through , it should never have happened in the first place .
it was what had sent her scurrying to this dive of a town in the first place .
` ` be that as it may , the question is , why would a man like you be heading for marfa in the first place ? ''
` ` you never had me in the first place , '' he said coldly .
i might not have even been in the storm in the first place .
a knock on the door told me what had awakened me in the first place .
first place .
` ` you did it yesterday and got first place in one of the most difficult competitions in the world , '' he said .
` ` in third place , with a time of forty - five hours , twenty - seven minutes , and twenty - one seconds is : seas the day ! ''
the announcer waited patiently until the applause died down to announce second place .
` ` in second place , with a time of forty - two hours , thirteen minutes , and forty - seven seconds is : the gauntlet ! ''
sarah smiled at everyone in the room , but grant looked as though he smelled something unpleasant as he took the second place trophy and then stomped off the stage .
` ` and in first place , with a time of twenty five hours , thirty three minutes , and two seconds : avery 's hope ! ''
` ` you 're the one who taught me how to dance in the first place .
we probably should never have been together in the first place .
` ` the ones you should have gotten in the first place ?
` ` why was n't derek second chair in the first place ?
` ` thanks , '' i said , knowing that i had n't done anything to help put stuff away in the first place .
a group of children had decorated each place card , adding a splash of color .
that was provided a person could be persuaded to get out of bed in the first place .
that 's what got me into this hell in the first place . ''
it 's not enough that i hold second place in your life , and your work is first .
i ' m the one who got us into this mess in the first place . ''
` ` why did you marry him in the first place ?
the boredom was what had led to the shooting in the first place .
three places .
but why had she gone that route in the first place ?
they were too new , in the first place .
the day drew had walked out on her had been particularly awful but this day easily made it into second place .
of course , a gentleman would n't have entered her house in the first place .
but since she 'd not planned on coming in the first place , it all seemed rather ... .commanding .
` ` one you never should have gotten into in the first place .
a real hero would n't have let you get into that position in the first place .
he nodded , finally understanding as the final piece of the puzzle fell into place .
and since there was n't a whole lot to lose in the first place , he would n't be shy about mentioning her health , a subject that he brought up constantly it seemed .
emma hated flying in the first place , always uncomfortable and cramped .
she wanted total privacy while reviewing this information , since she was n't supposed to have it in the first place .
besides , it was his fault she 'd gotten so sick in the first place .
` ` what would be your second place prize .
the pathetic jerk did n't even care that he was offered up as second place !
woman who dedicated her life to saving lives allow you to go into that kind of career in the first place ? ''
well , she understood that he did n't like the idea of her going out on a blind date in the first place , but she ignored that and tried to warm up to the man .
` ` why were you leaving with him in the first place ?
` ` how did you end up with such sterling characters in the first place ? ''
the idea did n't bother her in the least since she had n't wanted to talk to him in the first place .
and if they were installed , some had n't needed to be replaced in the first place .
well , actually , none of them would even dare choke or spit on him in the first place .
but it was dio 's fault all this happened in the first place .
in the past , he would never have admitted something like that because it would n't have happened in the first place .
` ` there would n't have been any trouble if he had n't made you leave our realm in the first place , '' he snarled .
she would never have looked like this in the first place .
there went my heart , racing all the way to the finish line of utter emotional stupidity and winning first place .
` ` i ' m surprised your momma ever let us be friends in the first place . ''
his cousin came in next to last place .
` ` what made you do something illegal in the first place ? ''
and she still could n't figure out why he was here in the first place .
but honestly , if he 'd cared , he would n't have been so cruel in the first place .
` ` but what made her health fail in the first place ? ''
` ` rose was the one to tell me to come here in the first place . ''
any love she felt for him was gone , and for it to have left so easily meant it had n't really been there in the first place .
it was shameful that these houses had to exist in the first place , but they were needed .
` ` who told you about the bills in the first place ?
he should never have contacted her in the first place .
i was n't voted in as president and there were no conditions in the first place , '' he said , silently cheering as her body relaxed against him .
it was bad enough she 'd apologized in the first place .
mostly because she did n't have a heart in the first place .
` ` why did n't you say so in the first place ? ''
he managed to unfasten her bra with one hand and smiled , like he 'd just won first place .
` ` just why the hell should i ' appreciate ' having a wife i did n't want in the first place ?
` ` well , let 's just say , those stories made the rest of the husbands in town come in a sad second place to you in the romance department . ''
oh , she never should have started this in the first place .
it was your idea in the first place !
to be quite honest , i shagged all other women after she and i broke up in the first place , and only thought about sienna .
five sienna we were in route to london and my thoughts dwelled on the events that took me away from there in the first place .
i suppose the videoconference was a three - way call since another man started speaking in accented english , in reference to the problem that had made this emergency call necessary in the first place .
this was our first night in rome and he was willing to spoil it for sienna and blake , our main reason for being here in the first place .
i was the main reason why these events all had happened to her , to us , in the first place .
those were the best kinds of crazy that made me fall mad for blake in the first place .
my wife , however , seemed to have thought of it , or it would n't have come out of her godforsaken mouth in the first place .
had i known about it , i would n't have pressured her the way i had in the first place .
` ` if devon could n't prevent this shit - storm in the first place , why should we give her half - a - mil ? ''
pretty amusing , since she had n't planned on writing one in the first place .
` ` maybe she thought it was wrong to get paid for something she never intended to write in the first place . ''
but tasha could n't understand why the family had gotten lecie the house in the first place if they just wanted to turn around and sell it out from under her .
` ` is this punishment for not telling tasha about the stipulations of the will in the first place ? ''
we should never have been in that war in the first place .
she might very well be thinking that their daughter now had first place .
although laura should n't have been having an affair with tony in the first place .
her choice of restaurant was very much a drop in place .
let him be mine , tammy begged whatever fate had worked so malevolently to make her pregnant in the first place .
it was sex that had drawn him into marrying tara summerville in the first place .
until after she won a third place with her second - string horse and george ponsonby decided she 'd be in a more accessible mood with this success under her belt .
i simply wanted to see you doing your thing , and i was about to congratulate you on your third place when george 's familiarity with you distracted my intention . ''
' i prefer the clients who trusted my advice in the first place . '
she was a bit of a neat freak herself , liking to know where everything was so she did n't get frustrated hunting for mislaid items , wasting time that would n't need to be wasted if a bit more care was taken in the first place .
' you 'd be surprised how often things have to be fixed because they were n't done right in the first place . '
when they moved away from the crowd toward the dance floor , nathan bent his head and muttered , ` ` i do n't know whether to thank you for rescuing me or throttle you for bringing me here in the first place . ''
the last square to place in the king family quilt of holdings .
he offered the first place that came to him .
he just had no idea that she was sabotaging the bargain she had proposed in the first place .
` ` not a single one of those people is the type to settle for second place . ''
he 'd always been a man unable to ask for anything - not even for help if he needed it - because he would never acknowledge needing assistance in the first place .
` ` would have if he had n't been too stubborn to go after you in the first place , '' she countered with a sharp nod that said , that 's all there is to it .
she suddenly felt bereft for a dream that had n't had a chance to come true in the first place .
she pulled her head back to stare up at him in wonder as the last of the dream slid into place .
this was why his cousin had called in the first place .
` ` i did n't want her in the first place , remember ? ''
i ' m sorry i suggested this bet in the first place . ''
looking back now , he could n't even remember why they had gotten married in the first place .
that 's probably what had drawn her to him in the first place , rose realized .
he looked at her for a moment or two longer before he said , ` ` never did understand why you married that guy in the first place , if you do n't mind my saying . ''
warren could be as mad as he liked , but it was the wrong damn attitude to take with the boss when it was your own blasted mistake that had caused the mess in the first place .
rafe and lucas had given him so much grief over getting married in the first place , the last thing he wanted to do was give them more ammunition to use to hammer at him .
which is why he had placed this call in the first place .
he was n't the staying kind of guy , which was exactly why she 'd come up with this whole night - of - wahoo idea in the first place .
` ` not on your best day , '' griffin assured him and asked himself why the hell he 'd come to cadria in the first place .
if that were true , she thought , she would n't be in this mess in the first place .
even though it was his fault her knees were weak in the first place .
he lowered his voice because he had n't meant to shout in the first place .
why fight so hard to be a part of something you never wanted in the first place ? ''
you 'd simply leave as you 'd planned to do in the first place and you would n't have looked back . ''
that two captives had been permitted to escape in the first place was a cause for embarrassment , not rejoicing , but that those captives were women was unthinkable .
she tried to think what mother ambrose would do in this situation , but she simply could not imagine anyone daring to abduct the dignified abbess in the first place , let alone toss her over the back of a horse like a sack of grain , and all the other things jenny had endured since coming here .
` ` well , we were n't discussing his looks in the first place , '' she said primly as she digested this information about her king , who was said to be as handsome as a god , ` ` we were discussing your ceaseless wars .
in the first place , lord westmoreland had not wanted her life , he had wanted her body .
` ` in the first place , i ' ve never heard of lunduggan or an abbey there .
` ` which , '' she pointedly replied , ` ` would not be necessary had i not been taken from the abbey in the first place and brought to you- '' ` ` cease ! ''
` ` mr . west - land , in the first place , you are no ' gentleman . '
` ` in the first place , my horse was running with a bad foreleg , '' whitney retorted .
in the first place , she reminded herself , clayton had avoided matrimony for years .
in the first place , duelling was illegal now ; in the second , whitney was terrifyingly certain that that bastard would kill her uncle .
in the first place , she was bursting with her news .
in the first place , he did not see why the hell he should have to go to the inconvenience of choosing a mistress and setting her up in a discreet home of her own , which he would have to do now that he was married .
` ` considering that he forced the duel on you in the first place , by calling you out in front of witnesses , it was very kind of you to pretend to miss your shot , in order to spare his pride . ''
she should never have embarked on this mad scheme in the first place , she realized .
that meant he 'd have to make his excuses to his sister - in - law and his mother , at whose pleading insistence he 'd come to london for the season in the first place .
and that was a very good thing , because in the first place , he did n't seem to be rating very high in her estimation , and in the second , her disinterest in the opinions of others would surely get her banished from polite society within a week , were she ever to set foot in it .
he hated him for ever offering for emily in the first place , for being a disgusting old roue who 'd stolen her youth and life , and for being too old to give her children .
` ` stephen could not forgive her for wanting to marry lathrop in the first place , not when she did it for his title .
leaning imperceptibly to the side to get a better look at sherry 's reaction to his last announcement and his next one , he added , ` ` i have another engagement next wednesday and will have to content myself with a later place on her dance card for that evening . ''
which is why , '' she finished with a confiding smile , ` ` i was sent off to france in the first place .
in the first place , most of the others had known each other since babyhood ; their parents were friends ; they 'd attended one another 's birthday parties .
` ` in the first place , '' she said , ` ` the school year ended yesterday , so the rules do n't apply .
in the first place , part of her longed for his approval .
her heart slowed to a normal tempo , and still she stood there , marveling at this fierce tug on her emotions that had sent her to him in the first place .
officially , o'hara was matt 's chauffeur , unofficially , he was his bodyguard , and far better suited to that role than the role of chauffeur - for when o'hara slid behind the wheel of an automobile , he drove as if he were jockeying for first place in the grand prix .
` ` in the first place , i have the feeling you 're going ahead with this deal because i led you to believe that we could make a quick , easy profit by reselling the land to bancroft and company .
` ` in the first place , we 'll have to pay for all the land whether we 're using it for the mall or not .
hesitantly , he said , ` ` since i ' m going to be in the front lines alongside you in this battle with bancroft , i 'd like to at least know how it got started in the first place . ''
in the second place , if you ever met anyone as strong as you , you 'd hate him . ''
` ` i do n't know why he wanted to marry you in the first place , and i sure as hell do n't know why he 'd want to stay married to you now ! ''
why in the hell had she come to the farm in the first place ?
` ` in the first place , '' he pointed out , ` ` i could have staged a public massacre in a courtroom for the five million dollars i ' m giving you if this does n't work out .
` ` second place in the match goes to miss lisa pontini , a friend of miss bancroft 's , who , we 're told , landed a right hook on matt farrell right after that picture was taken .
bancroft and company is an old and dignified operation ; the board of directors is rigid , and they did n't want me in the president 's office in the first place .
the point is , i ' m a woman , and i ' m young , and they were n't any too crazy about my becoming interim president in the first place .
and the fact that parker seemed to be adapting to that switch as easily as she made her wonder why on earth they 'd ever considered getting married in the first place .
in the first place , her foster parents did n't believe in whippings , but they did believe that lying and stealing were grievous offenses that were totally unacceptable to ` ` the lord '' and to them .
` ` but- '' ` ` in the second place , '' zack finished dryly , ` ` he was also in love with the potential victim of that gunshot , so he would n't have switched the shells in the gun . ''
` ` you did n't need to stay out in the car in the first place . ''
` ` why did n't paul richardson do something to stop all that from happening in the first place ? ''
` ` why did we have to buy his phoney stock in the first place ? ''
appreciate the warning , '' kate said , struggling to view her predicament unemotionally , without feeling mortified that she 'd let herself land in this predicament in the first place .
're not disappointed that the magic is missing , because you didn'twant it to be there in the first place , did you ? ''
` ` your mistake was in coming here in the first place , miss seaton .
why then had her cousin the duke brought her here in the first place ?
then he said calmly , ` ` in the first place , charles announced our engagement in the newspaper , not i. secondly , you have no more desire to be betrothed to me than i do to you .
` ` in the first place , you are a young , unmarried female , so no one will tell you anything even slightly scandalous for fear of offending your sensibilities or sending you into a swoon .
` ` in the first place , i would n't miss this homecoming for the world .
in the first place , thunder was past twenty , and in the second , she wanted to be sure that squire and mrs . helmsley had departed by the time she arrived .
in the first place , i was coerced into this marriage by - by circumstances .
` ` he never wished to marry me in the first place . ''
as i just said , he did n't want to marry me in the first place . ''
she realized he was trying to put her at ease but she could hardly be grateful when it was his fault she was so uneasy in the first place .
the questions tumbled in her mind , desperate to be voiced , but she could not risk asking for two reasons : in the first place , the answers , when they came , might make her i cry , and she would not give in to tears .
trying to retreat from a predicament into which she should never have put herself in the first place , elizabeth picked up her skirts , intending to leave .
how did that fish get to the market in the first place ? ''
in the first place , she had been foolish beyond words to want so badly to protect him ... and to be protected by him .
` ` she told me the reason for elizabeth 's going to london in the first place had been the necessity for making such a marriage - and that you destroyed any chance of that ever happening .
he 'd actually have preferred a public flogging to writing that curt message to his grandfather in the first place .
` ` in the first place , the subject never came up until last night .
in the first place , she could n't bear it ; in the second , she no longer believed there was the slightest possibility he was right '' ` ` i have to go to havenhurst tomorrow , '' she said reluctantly when ian finally let her go .
` ` and why , exactly , were you fighting in the first place ? ''
shame i ' m not supposed to be thinking about men in the first place .
it never should have started in the first place ( and i take full responsibility for that ) , but it also never should have ended the way it did .
pretending i never left home in the first place .
a big , ridiculous house that you never needed in the first place .
i should n't have responded to his email in the first place .
he 's the one who taught me that in the first place .
the girl that never really existed in the first place .
assuming they were able to follow our exact path in the first place .
just look how much effort it took to get her down to newport in the first place .
she had felt a little pressured into this meeting in the first place .
dylan did n't mention the role he 'd already played in convincing her to go in the first place .
he deserves to be someone 's everything , not second place to a man i could never stop loving .
hell , i would ' ve never left you in the first place .
` ` maybe you should ' ve tried knowing who fathered your child and we would n't have been there in the first place . ''
i wonder how they made the decision to have them in the first place . ''
it was n't hers in the first place .
if no thanks to his carelessness and recklessness that had caused the accident in the first place .
but my mother admitted her lack of business acumen was what led to our losing dad 's fortune in the first place , and that she 'd only lose whatever bill gave us again .
if i had known i 'd have to handle deadly bugs to win clients , i might not have taken this job in the first place .
i had to fight the urge to protest , running through all the reasons surfing made me nervous in the first place .
that 's how we got here in the first place . ''
things between us should n't have gone this far in the first place .
just walk away , pretend it was n't there , that there was no point to moving it to the top of the hill in the first place .
` ` and it should n't have happened in the first place . ''
` ` what were you doing in the health center in the first place ? ''
` ` okay , fine , but why were you in the hospital with ada in the first place ?
` ` do you know why this mess happened in the first place ?
if he did n't like my playing , it was his fault i was out here in the first place .
i 'd been afraid of this before , because i was the one whose insecurities had led us into our run in with darrel in the first place .
i was n't in control of them in the first place , and now that he 'd called me out , i felt awkward .
what was i even doing with this guy in the first place ?
it was exactly the reason i 'd frowned at the plan in the first place .
so , if we 'd both been smart enough to understand that we could n't dictate what happened emotionally , then why had we gone through with the plan in the first place ?
it was even more amazing that the accomplishment happened in the first place .
how dare he have beaten us in the first place ?
it 's not like you gave me much fucking time in the first place .
but that just illuminated the whole reason she should n't get involved with him in the first place .
maddie cleared her head of the ridiculous fantasy she should n't be having in the first place and started toward the camera , toward micah .
he should n't have done it in the first place .
the man had such a jaded opinion about romance in the first place , then to have someone use him like that ?
so she should n't have even been walking past micah in the first place .
` ` it should n't have had the same name in the first place .
i appreciate that you let me on the show in the first place . ''
i 'd just been informed that the man i should n't have been f**king in the first place was probably trying to f**k with my head as well as my body .
i could sense he felt as responsible for the death of celia 's unborn baby as for its conception in the first place .
and the only reason i 'd planned to be at work in the first place was because hudson had conveniently arranged for me to be .
if i 'd only come to hudson in the first place , he would have arranged a deal like this and i would n't have put anyone - myself - in a precarious position .
` ` and my boyfriend ... '' how to bring up my current situation when i was n't quite sure why i was in it in the first place was tricky .
like , how had stacy happened to make a video in the first place ?
` ` do they know what caused this in the first place ? ''
either i meant it or i was n't worthy of him in the first place .
` ` why were you in his arms in the first place ? ''
the memory of the anxiousness that had driven me to david 's arms in the first place turned my tears bitter .
why did she get her degree in the first place ?
and just how is it that you have companies to run in the first place ? ''
` ` if it had n't been for you , she would n't be so enamored in the first place . ''
your game against me that summer was what began this in the first place . ''
this was why i sent david away in the first place .
the bigger question was why dylan had gotten so riled in the first place .
` ` as most of you know , overbrook lodge is located in what is considered a ` ` hot spot '' for paranormal activity and it 's probably that which drew our visitors from space here in the first place .
` ` let me guess , you 're the dufus who crashed it in the first place ? ''
why on earth is he with jade in the first place ?
my mind kept flashing back to what had led me here in the first place .
if i did n't , i would n't have asked you in the first place . ''
` ` let him have first place , durante . ''
but with gemma , he had n't only dropped his guard - it had n't been raised in the first place .
why did n't they just ask for it in the first place ? ''
` ` but any woman , once she 's carrying my name , might use my need to keep up appearances , the reason that drove me to marriage in the first place , to milk the situation for more .
he should n't have called her in the first place .
` ` i do n't want to leave new york in the first place .
when he had n't bothered to ask if she 'd like to come in the first place ?
suddenly , looking into those eyes that could be glory 's , everything fell into place .
what brought you here in the first place ? ''
she should have never been with you in the first place . ''
` ` how did you find out in the first place ? ''
then it all fell into place .
or were those powers of undetectability why he 'd been sought for the position in the first place ?
he should n't have been in her heart in the first place .
he was sorry he 'd even had sex with sherman in the first place .
after all , luis had n't done anything wrong in the first place .
that 's why he 'd asked for three hundred in the first place .
luis apologized for not mentioning he had a twin brother in the first place ; he explained all about how he and his twin brother had always been at odds with each other and how they 'd never gotten along .
luis remained quiet , sipping his fourth martini and eating some kind of alaskan king crab dish he could n't quite place .
she could n't meet his gaze as she continued adding to the lie that had gotten her in this mess in the first place .
how had he ever mistaken her for a whore in the first place ?
` ` why did you open the door to my bathroom in the first place ? ''
frustration removed any remnants of a filter that had never existed in the first place .
another piece of the puzzle fell into place .
are you sorry you had to tell me or sorry you were so selfish in the first place ?
the rest would have to fall into place .
the movie director , katrina ip , had started the trouble in the first place .
only terror , because i wondered what my life had been in the first place , if it could be snuffed so utterly of my consciousness .
miss irene would n't mind a bit ; she did n't want to send me out on my own in the first place .
it 's impossible to imagine anyone as dry and joyless as mrs . horne having given birth to anything , or doing what you have to do to get with child in the first place .
he 'd almost forgotten why he was here in the first place , why he 'd picked her out of the crowd .
and when she looked back , she 'd see that loving him could n't have been possible in the first place .
and he was n't interested in another lecture about how they should n't even be having sex in the first place .
he had n't even wanted a stylist in the first place , but his agent had insisted .
ty 's final words played on repeat inside her brain ; ` ` none of your damn business '' jostling for first place on the leaderboard of shame with ` ` you want to know why your dates are n't interested in you , babe ? ''
maya studied the photo , taking in the fact that jenny was looking at logan with naked adoration , and all at once , that niggling feeling that had been dogging her heels all day clicked into place .
piece of shit rookie was lucky to score me in the first place .
he never should have asked her for an explanation in the first place .
after all , it was his idea in the first place .
that 's why she was in his room in the first place .
` ` most people do n't have the courage to consider being a firefighter in the first place , '' ginger said softly , ` ` let alone go back to it after something like that . ''
another puzzle piece slid into place .
she 'd never had a first date like this one , where they almost had n't made it out of her apartment in the first place because they were so tempted just to jump each other instead .
to let pleasure strip away everything that should never have been there in the first place ? ''
` ` is n't that what got us in trouble in the first place ? ? ''
and the way he always saw reason once he calmed down and thought about whatever had upset him in the first place never failed to impress her .
he was n't repeating the mistakes that had led to it in the first place .
but if she 'd been honest with him in the first place , he would n't have had reason to .
` ` i would like to remind you that i did n't want to go out in the first place , but our mothers insisted i find a christening gown . ''
but if i ' m going to be late , i 'd like to remember your sexy little mouth wrapped around me while i drive my way out of last place . ''
elec was having an amazing race , sitting in eighth place out of forty - three cars at three hundred and fifty - three laps , which had him on the radar of the announcers , who kept referring to him over and over as the up - and - coming rookie .
nails digging into her jeans - his jeans - tamara finally remembered to breathe when ryder and ty crossed the finish line one and two , and amazingly enough , elec came in third place .
he would not have asked you out in the first place if he was n't interested .
and he used to toss me onto my bed at bedtime , then tuck me in and tell me he 'd crossed the finish line in first place when i was born . ''
evan asked , not really answering the question of why he had n't offered her one in the first place .
he just moved into tenth place .
` ` it looked to me like the lead car started out slow when they lifted the caution flag , and when you have all these cars sitting in tenth , eleventh , twelfth place , they jam up on top of each other when they ca n't get enough speed .
then since she was curious and he did n't appear to be leaving her car at any time , she asked , ` ` but why are you asking about marriage in the first place ?
i ' m in fifth place right now . ''
he 's in third place now . ''
was she upset because she had lost ty or upset because perhaps she 'd never had him in the first place ?
it was a mistake in the first place . ''
when she heaped that on top of the fact that ryder had never intended to marry her in the first place , she 'd felt like his assistant with sexual benefits , not the woman he loved .
next season promised to be brutal and challenging , given that he had finished a heartbreaking second place in the race for the cup this season .
so it had been stupid to kiss her in the first place .
then again jackson was the one who had never followed up on the paperwork in the first place .
you never wanted to marry me in the first place , you only did because i talked you into it , and you 're happy as a clam without me .
maybe not talking is what got you here in the first place . ''
i ' m not sure why you gifted me with it in the first place , but i liked it . ''
she could see at least three cars battling to get into sixth place , and she narrowed her eyes , concentrating .
` ` monroe brothers are jockeying for fifth place now and it 's some damn aggressive driving . ''
hot and exhausted , kendall winced as she heard the words , but thrilled at her own eleventh place finish .
` ` thanks , i was driving yesterday - i came in eleventh place , by the way , which is pretty good - and then i had to fly here overnight and i did n't get any sleep at all , but i do respond well to concealer if you want to dab a little of that under my eyes- '' jonathan cut her off .
elec monroe was in first place with two hundred laps down .
diesel was running in fifth place and tuesday studied his powerful black car , like somehow she could see him , the man , behind the windshield and the net and the helmet .
which was why she was an idiot to have broached the subject in the first place .
which did n't explain why she was here in the first place .
actually , if she got hurt it was her grandfather 's fault for setting up this bullshit game of emotions in the first place .
he was n't sure how he had missed it in the first place , but now that he 'd noticed , he did n't like it .
she wanted to spend her life with him , regardless of the reasons they had come together in the first place .
the field was running clean and he was sitting in sixth place .
` ` please tell me you were n't running in first place when you quit the field , '' she said to her boss .
` ` well , maybe it is if the only reason she 's here in the first place is because she 's hired to be . ''
it does n't matter that i never wanted the relationship in the first place .
why the hell did he care if his half siblings showed up or not when he had n't wanted to invite them in the first place ?
he cared about her and always had , which was part of what had sent him running in the first place .
finally , all the pieces of the puzzle that was amanda fell into place .
never should have brought you into the casino in the first place .
and she was n't , since words of love were n't nearly enough to make up for not returning those words after he 'd uttered them , and for leaving him in the first place .
hell , he had n't wanted to accept a reward in the first place .
the rest would fall into place .
he let out a groan , recalling why this conversation had begun in the first place .
if the house had been locked , it could n't have happened in the first place .
` ` she never should have married rick in the first place .
` ` well , now that you mention it ... '' ` ` was n't it that kind of thinking that got you into trouble in the first place ? ''
they 'd farmed out some of his other jobs ( since he had n't really been doing them in the first place ) , but we still needed another vice president and head of marketing .
` ` why were you even with him in the first place ? ''
` ` okay , we 're not going to talk about this any more , and we never talked about it in the first place .
i did n't want to make a big deal of it , which was why i did n't tell you in the first place .
sorry this whole thing happened in the first place .
i did n't know he 'd take it quite that far , but it was my own fault for having this idea in the first place .
and this is the last time we 'll talk about this particular issue , seeing as how he is no longer employed by this company , and technically was n't in the first place , since he was using an alias .
that 's what got them here in the first place .
how 'd you end up in the underworld in the first place ? ''
i did n't want to go on this little trip in the first place ; and if i did have to go , i would n't want to know that i was probably the one who was going to not make it back .
he 'd completely disregarded the fact that it was his fault they were here in the first place .
he was the reason she had gone to relinquish control in the first place .
was n't that the reason she 'd opened the doors to relinquish control in the first place ?
she should never have been in that position in the first place .
i did n't know why they ever got married in the first place .
let 's remember that i did n't want to go to the f**king thing in the first place , brynne .
london of centuries past was not as pleasant as it was now in the modern age , so it made sense as to how all the big country mansions were built in the first place .
i should n't have said anything in the first place . ''
especially when i did n't know what those dreams were in the first place .
not really the best choice of words , since you should n't have even been in my life in the first place .
if there was n't guilt there in the first place , that protection really was n't necessary .
a long shot , but it was all i had at the moment - and with a fresh burst of excitement i sprinted up the stairs to my door and hoped like hell that all the pieces i needed would fall into place .
` ` sloane 's a detective , '' tyler added , and suddenly all the pieces fell into place .
` ` he only invited me , but if you two ca n't play nice together then you should n't have jumped into bed in the first place .
mostly , i wish she had n't fucked him in the first place , especially since he 's been making hints about wanting her again .
` ` for christ 's sake , carl , why did you come here in the first place ? ''
no , my regret is that i asked blaine and mr . stark to keep my identity confidential in the first place .
` ` no , you helped me get the job in the first place .
` ` damien , '' i say , my temper rising as each piece of the puzzle falls into place .
` ` i refuse to talk about it , and your hands should not be going there in the first place . ''
remember why he was here in the first place .
` ` but i 'd do my damndest to make sure that fight did n't happen in the first place . ''
or worse ... what if it was because of her emotional and psychological stress that she was having such a powerful reaction to vic in the first place ?
maybe it was the dampness he found at her neck , or maybe it had been the sensation of the tremors that periodically shook her body that had awakened him in the first place .
i went after you this morning because i knew i 'd been wrong to judge you in the first place .
` ` how did you get into boxing in the first place ? ''
shayla bit her lip and looked away , perhaps not wanting to deal with the something else possibility that had brought her here in the first place .
the reason he 'd gone to see michelle in the first place .
is that why you came to me in the first place ?
but hell , this was why he came to see her in the first place .
` ` i hope you do n't mind me asking , why did you see a psychologist in the first place .
he 'd gotten into this business in the first place because he believed in pleasure , and all the different routes to it .
` ` i meant , why i was even meeting with grant in the first place ?
hell , that 's why he 'd reached out to casey sullivan in the first place , trying to strike a deal with joy delivered .
she 'd have no choice but to work with him , as she should have in the first place .
my head began to throb , which i suspected was all part of kane 's intention in coming into my office in the first place .
no matter how appealing jordan had made that sound , it still seemed like second place .
i just wish there had n't been a reason for us being there in the first place . ''
` ` well , in the first place , i should never have taken you to top , but i never took you to club x because you meeting chase was bad enough .
they 're probably wondering who the fuck you are in the first place , no need to make a spectacle of yourself and her .
dad wanted to know why she 'd been airlifted in the first place if all she had were a few broken bones and i explained that they 'd thought her head injury was more severe from the on scene examination .
` ` that 's rich , that 's how i got mixed up with these guys in the first place . ''
` ` well i had to figure out what made it work in the first place so i could see what stopped working . ''
i strap it on tight , as if falling off the back of this death machine would be worth living through in the first place ; but it 's time to live a little .
there 's no reason something like that should happen in the first place .
` ` you dodged a bullet there , '' kassie agrees , ` ` what the hell were you doing with a guy like him in the first place , kel ? ''
i ' m suspecting that 's what brings you here in the first place . ''
leo did n't even want to abduct kassie in the first place .
wyndi smiled inwardly , one more piece of the puzzle falling into place .
` ` the rest , '' kristen countered , ` ` is what got me into this situation in the first place . ''
of course she was attracted to dane , he was the one who had picked her up in the first place .
it was that realization that allowed him to forgive graham in the first place , even though technically graham had n't been in the wrong to begin with .
we should never have gotten married in the first place - that was the mistake .
amidst all the tough exterior held a man who was sharp , business - oriented even though he pretends he did n't care about it , but what i liked about luca di medici was the very fact that he did n't ask anything about callum , knowing quite well that was the reason i was here in the first place .
how sure could he be that it was n't his in the first place ?
this was exactly the reason why david had punished me in the first place .
he 'd been so hopped up on pain meds he barely remembered it , and he could have done without the loving family act in the first place .
having the girl who 'd pierced him in the first place change his jewelry from bar to ring was less fun .
first the fight , which - in spite of all sam 's best intentions to disapprove - was hot enough to keep him from falling asleep like usual , and then how ian and tierney had become friends during college in the first place .
that 's why you became a writer in the first place . ''
she had n't been too thrilled with the whole idea of tristan in the first place .
it 's my own fault for being so impulsive - and for ignoring dad 's wishes in the first place .
i felt bad enough about borrowing them in the first place .
i never wanted that responsibility , and honestly , they should n't have given it to me in the first place .
there i go , getting caught up in silly romantic notions and forgetting why i ' m even here in the first place .
it was n't fair of me to ask that in the first place . ''
the last place had two michelin stars .
` ` i never forgot about you or our date in the first place , '' i say .
` ` maybe that 's because you lied to me about your financial position in the first place ! ''
it 's his fault you ended up like this in the first place . ''
because when it came right down to it , that was the whole reason he 'd stooped so low as to buy a woman in the first place .
i was a horny fucker without morals , hence the purchase of a human being in the first goddamn place .
my guess was that scott knew david 's arrogance was what had gotten scott into this predicament in the first place .
i feel terrible for not doing this right in the first place , '' i said as i pulled the navy - blue velvet box from my pocket .
said that if i had kept my boyfriend satisfied in the first place , he would n't have to f**k another man 's wife . ''
it 's my fault you 're in the situation in the first place . ''
i had n't thought much of the details , what with just getting used to this charade in the first place .
my instinct was to lie and tell him i had n't come running in the first place .
not that he needed my help in the first place , but ... ` ` what do i do , gwen ? ''
` ` not put a target on your back in the first place . ''
killing her would make me no better than johnny , and that 's not the kind of man your daughter loved in the first place .
they all go back to acting as if the exchange had n't happened , and ray drops the subject like he had n't been about to address karissa in the first place .
` ` she just made me realize there was n't anything left to salvage in the first place .
the security guard has both my arms behind my back so he knew i could n't take it in the first place .
why was n't he looking out for my company in the first place ?
remember that if you had heeded my advice , you would never have gotten yourself into this position in the first place .
why is he so successful at such a young age and why in the world did he go to that auction in the first place ?
splurging was coming on this trip in the first place - i would n't waste the precious money i had on first class airfare or a fancy hotel room .
` ` you would n't have to cancel it if you had n't booked over our trip in the first place . ''
but it ca n't wash away the guilt i have over coming here in the first place .
of course he did n't ask permission to join the party or explain what he 'd been doing wandering around in her alley in the first place .
marion hardwick would never put herself in a situation like the one with ronin in the first place .
` ` why did n't you just tell me that in the first place ? ''
but you ca n't even be bothered to ask me any questions in the first place . ''
an odd thought clicked into place .
you did n't want me here in the first place , and i pushed my way in , so it 's best if i leave . ''
she still had n't shared with her friend and officemate chaz why she and ronin had broken up in the first place .
` ` excuse me , but you 're the one who suggested my company for the project in the first place .
at that moment , the last piece of the puzzle fell into place .
` ` the company is infested with the greedy fucks i 'd wanted to take down in the first place . ''
never in a million years would anyone she grew up with believe channing would enter a wet t - shirt contest , let alone win first place .
the score put colby in second place .
as tara reynolds , reigning barrel racing circuit champ , cemented her first place in the standings by an 11.9 run , channing tried to recall whether she 'd heard gossip about colby or trevor taking tara and her tiara for a tumble .
cash and brian wound up in first place in the team roping .
here you are , in the wilds of wyoming , stuck in a crappy camper , forcin ' yourself to get a job , and probably feelin ' ignored by the person who brung you here in the first place . ''
what 'd he been thinking , marrying her in the first place ?
` ` i never said congratulations on second place .
ended up in third place . ''
might as well be at the bottom of the heap rather than stuck in second place . ''
i ' m thinkin ' of a repeat of the one we did in tulsa after we won first place , where you 're layin ' on your back , kinda spread - eagled .
` ` i do n't mind sharing you , especially since he 's brought to life the part of you that 's always been missing , a part i never had in the first place .
` ` it was your fault that the damn thing got away from me in the first place .
` ` why 'd you barge in here in the first place ? ''
kyler took the lead , whooping and hollering , with colt running in fourth place behind the boys , taunting them .
a sad situation for a western state with precious few architectural treasures in the first place .
and for the record , i was against hiring them in the first place .
wrong to insist you go to that stupid cocktail party in the first place .
she opened the picture message from kane , showing hayden receiving his third place ribbon .
but then i realized i never had it in the first place . ''
first place gets a big blue ribbon . ''
hayden won third place and a red ribbon .
why casper hated me so much in the first place . ''
ended up fourth in the county semifinals , but third place is the cutoff for finals so i did n't get to go to state . ''
now he 's sittin ' in second place . ''
but he was n't in top form and finished in fourth place , out of the money .
darby janeville had an amazing season last year with that second place showing in darlington- '' ava held up her hand .
he scaled the risers to watch the remaining action ; aware the cameras would keep cutting to him because he was sitting in first place with only seven riders to go .
you deserve to be in first place and have a good shot of winning the whole event . ''
did it escape your notice that you 're in first place ? ''
would chase mckay give up his big comeback , his chance to win an event , especially riding in first place ... to deal with family issues in wyoming ?
the middle child but in last place . ''
which was why ben had n't wanted to talk to him in the first place .
` ` we got second place .
i won first place .
i should ' ve been on the roster for the upton rodeo in the first place .
what bad taste demon possessed you to buy it in the first place ? ''
our families have forgotten the actual event that caused the feud in the first place , but they ' ve kept the hatred for generations ?
why did you ask her to marry you in the first place ? ''
why did you propose to me in the first place ? ''
` ` why did you want to marry me in the first place ? ''
then everything started to fall into place .
in two places .
` ` i ca n't blame you , it 's that level of feeling that got me involved with the brothers in the first place .
` ` i never wanted it in the first place , remember ?
at that point he knew there was no use denying what he 'd begun to suspect ever since inviting layla to stay with him in the first place .
his own moment of good humor evaporated as well , and he once again cursed himself , this time for giving a damn what she thought in the first place .
` ` if i had known any of it , i would n't have gotten involved with you in the first place . ''
they kissed so long , that he forgot why they 'd gotten into this argument in the first place .
but apparently dale had never wanted her to be with rafe in the first place .
it had been a little disappointing but not surprising , given wolves were n't naturally inclined toward wooing in the first place .
` ` no , '' he answered , knowing from long - experience it was easier to answer kenji 's questions , rather than ask him why he was asking them in the first place .
` ` i never should have let you put all your eggs in this basket in the first place .
and it all started to fall into place .
his mind reeled , trying to take all this in , even as more and more things started falling into place .
not when you made the agreement in the first place .
` ` da , i will talk with her while we wait , '' the hockey player answered , like he was doing her and jose a favor by only holding her up a little bit , when he never should have given the order in the first place .
it was n't like he 'd asked her to come here in the first place .
eventually everything else would fall into place , with or without nikolai 's blessing .
believe me , if i 'd thought it would be a possibility with you , i would n't have agreed to the marriage in the first place .
you 're the one who got me into this in the first place . ''
but then it was the power of her that had lured him to her in the first place .
why do you think ash brought tory here in the first place ? ''
that 's because it was exceedingly rare for them to glow in the first place .
why did kizira let you go after those alterants in the first place ? ''
` ` you keep expecting me to put my trust in people like brina , who screwed me in the first place , and the tribunal , who do n't give a rat 's ass about any of us . ''
` ` if your kingdoms are so important , then why 'd you lose them in the first place ? ''
everyone assumed he knew - simply because he 'd been the one to sink her in the first place .
because he 'd put her in that situation in the first place .
except that the valkyrie had sent them there in the first place !
only because of her did we have the alarm in the first place , and then she warned everyone .
it 's in these moments i find myself wanting to congratulate past - me for doing or saying whatever it was that caught ansel 's attention in the first place and - by some act of god or alcohol i still do n't understand - held it .
if possible , this is even more insane than my coming here in the first place .
i ' m sure staying married to me is at least somewhat about that - no matter how much it was my insistence in the first place .
the irresponsible thing was going to france in the first place .
` ` considering that you ca n't go with us in the first place .
` ` how do you plan to get out of here in the first place ? ''
since he unwisely allowed the vampire into idris in the first place , he 's taken responsibility for his return . ''
` ` you never had him in the first place .
getting her mother to agree to let her pursue shadowhunter training had been a long , unpleasant argument in the first place .
but i can not control the clave , and there are those among them who will choose what they see as safety , and yet others who hate the idea that we allied with downworlders in the first place and will welcome a chance to refuse .
` ` if you had n't betrayed us , i would ' ve avoided all of this in the first place . ''
` ` how do you think i got mutated in the first place ? ''
i moved closer to her - not that i was far away in the first place .
but the alphas were n't too pleased with her in the first place , and after she hooked up with samael , they punished her .
and who knew a crown prince of hell could be uncomfortable in the first place ?
` ` i never meant to hurt her in the first place . ''
okay , obviously she was n't the brightest because she was in this situation in the first place .
anger flashed through her , warring for first place with the unease building .
it was like finishing a dance number at a competition and walking off that stage knowing i was going to take first place .
i 'd picked up almost every trophy and tried to remember what it had felt like when my name had been called for first place or best overall , but the emotions had seemed cut off from me - a well i could n't access .
` ` five places today .
which was why i had n't wanted to tell him about my heart in the first place .
fate happens , and it 's better than what you had imagined in the first place .
if it were n't my last friday night in michigan , i would have said no in the first place .
` ` why were you out partying before exams in the first place ? ''
` ` as if any human would get a chance in the first place , '' bishop muttered sarcastically .
this was what i was worried about - why i did n't tell you how i felt in the first place .
wondering if i was an idiot for believing in the first place .
` ` but ... why do it in the first place ?
though disappointed it had been mortimer and not caden walking me back to my room , at least now i understood why caden was n't here in the first place .
how he got there in the first place , one must wonder . ''
` ` and if you were looking out for your sister in the first place , maybe she would n't have gone missing . ''
` ` the right thing would ' ve been staying out of the city in the first place , '' he said .
that 's why they had n't heard me in the first place .
basically , how much i can tally up to earn enough for a decent ' 69 plymouth barracuda , which is why i came in the first place .
she says that in a low voice , like she knows she was n't supposed to ask livie in the first place .
ironic now , given that he basically thinks i ' m a preprogrammed drone who should n't be here in the first place .
` ` it should never have happened in the first place , '' i say , my voice cracking as his muscular arm reaches toward the bottle of lotion on the counter , pumping a small amount onto his fingers .
that must be what woke me up in the first place .
i had watched the guys with balled fists as they rowed in to first place standing - their movements synchronized , powerful , graceful .
lizzy should n't have been there in the first place .
and if i had just stuck to my policy and stayed away from her in the first place , she would n't have ended up with her head bashed in just steps away from my office .
but , then , why would he own one in the first place ?
then again , nate should n't have been there in the first place .
` ` look , i do n't have a lot of time and i sure as hell should n't be here in the first place .
is that , perhaps , why the dark sisters captured him in the first place ? ''
it 's why they wanted me in the first place . ''
if they were virtuous , they would be little use to you in the first place .
` ` in fact , it was mortmain who put the idea in charlotte 's head in the first place that de quincey was the magister .
` ` disregarding why she was killed , '' i said , ` ` why was she sent there in the first place ?
` ` so we take second place .
the most obvious reason was that he would never put arlene 's corpse in the dumpster right behind his business in the first place .
it 's these musings about names that led to the tobias / four divide in the first place .
now , of course , some folks hereabouts told me not to take on so , and that it was inevitable that you would have gone off to the lands beyond , of course , it being your nature , and you being from there in the first place , but , somehow , in my heart , i knew i was at fault , and that , one day , you would return to claim me . ''
this was why he 'd come up with this stupid idea in the first place .
` ` and how are kobolds going to chopper out here in the first place ? ''
as if a final puzzle piece clicked into place , her mind saw the whole picture clearly .
but ... ` ` it 's because of you and your trickery ... that i am here in the first place ! ''
you saved me , yes , but you put me in this situation in the first place .
she 'll never pay cover again- '' ` ` why did you let holly go with cadeon in the first place ? ''
` ` maybe if you had n't screwed over chase in the first place , huh ? ''
it was what had attracted her to him in the first place , as he had strolled past the grapes , trailing joy like the wisps of the symphony he 'd been humming .
diana 's urgent , hushed , and utterly one - sided conversation with ms . temson was an uneasy backdrop as will signed the last place and handed the pen back .
that would be a good second place .
` ` yeah , okay , '' jenks said , but i was surprised he 'd taken trent 's side in the first place .
she knew by my expression that he 'd gotten away , and yet she thought nothing less of me , either , for failing to kill him or because i 'd tried in the first place .
` ` that 's why the museum was set here in the first place .
we 'd all like to see her brought down a decimal place or two . ''
that 's what got us into this in the first place . ''
it was n't as if trent minded talking to quen with me listening , but i knew trent was n't happy that quen had called in the first place , prompted by trent 's text that our visit to al 's had been nixed in exchange for a personal visit out to my ley line .
i never should have tried in the first place .
that 's why they taught me the charm to fix a soul to an unwilling body in the first place .
` ` but you have enough pull with their masters or you would n't have used them in the first place to try to kill ivy . ''
i was never for their creation in the first place , but you do have to admire the pure savagery of it all . ''
never should have touched her in the first place .
and if they did n't , if they failed , well , she 'd kicked noelle 's ass for daring to agree to this shitty idea in the first place .
why do n't you tell me why you helped eenli in the first place ?
` ` why was he displeased with you in the first place ? ''
to use force to obtain a place in line was to lose all rights to the water .
` ` if he does n't kill us for being here in the first place , '' someone retorted .
even as he spoke , a dark thought slipped into place .
seeing her like that , a memory clicked into place .
all of that , on top of the first painting reyes had seen ... his mouth fell open as the answer finally , blessedly shifted into place .
that 's why he existed in the first place .
then again , she probably would have taken his head if ordered , so she would n't have sacrificed her future for a little time with him in the first place .
they were the ones who wanted me dead in the first place . ''
what he 'd wanted to do in the first place .
a smart man would never have given an enemy his back in the first place .
paris should have resisted kaia ; he desired someone else , and kaia deserved better than to be second place .
then he could n't recall what he 'd been upset about in the first place .
` ` if you did n't wish to inform me of something , all those thousands of years ago- '' he was careful to keep his ire out of his tone ` ` -then why did you summon me in the first place ? ''
if that happened , though , you had to hope and pray you had a good showing at the other three events , earning at least third place each time , or you would n't stand a chance .
if we are , we 'll be out for good with no hope of winning third place , much less first prize . ''
` ` they won first place this round .
` ` the name of the second place ? ''
no matter what happened next , there were now only three contenders for first place in round four .
` ` how 'd she get it in the first place ? ''
she did n't have to consider the problem long before the answer slithered into place , a boa ready to suffocate its prey .
but okay , yes , as hot as his temper had appeared to be , he might just be able to slide into third place without any real effort .
a puzzle piece slid into place .
disgust layered his tone , as if he could n't believe he 'd even made the offer in the first place .
he should n't have taken off into the forest in the first place , should n't have- ` ` fuck . ''
thinking about rome rather than my case was what had gotten me in trouble in the first place .
` ` the old belle would have told memory man to go f**k himself , that you 'd lied to him and he 'd gotten what he deserved for his actions in the first place .
or would the future lexis had predicted finally begin to fall into place ?
` ` we would n't have had to climb in the first place . ''
he ca n't possibly be satisfied with second place .
` ` come to think of it , why am i in your office in the first place ?
i do n't remember why i came here in the first place .
someone so young should n't be dead ; should n't even have been here in the first place .
actually , i ' m not sure why you were friends with her in the first place ; she always seemed a bit erratic to me . ''
how did she even know about it in the first place ?
all of this is supposedly happening underwater , though i do n't bother to argue the logistics of how one would lasso a person mere feet above the ocean floor , or how a laser - or whatever it 's supposed to be - would work in this scenario in the first place .
` ` why the fuck did you bring me into this in the first place ?
it had kept josh from going after her in the first place .
` ` if you cared about grace the way you just claimed to care , you would n't have married her in the first place . ''
` ` since this is going to be a highly competitive season , everyone gets twenty - five grand just for being on the show , even if you 're in last place .
i ' m tired of second place - in everything . ''
the two teams that are in last place in the competition will be nominated for judgment by their peers .
` ` it says ' challenge today , do n't be last place .
the two teams in last place were alys and chris , and jendan and sunnie , who only won the one round .
` ` yeah , but if it gets you to first place ? ''
nevertheless , kip and i performed well as a team , and we ended up in second place , safely out of danger .
to my relief , jendan and sunnie pulled into fourth place .
in last place were emilio / leslie - team seven - and jerry / saul - team 5 .
like it or not , it looked like we were in first place .
i gave a little moan of distress when the team in first place - jendan and sunnie - won blankets and the team in second - kissy and rusty - won pillows .
the judgment challenge had been another obstacle course followed by a slide puzzle at the end , and we ended up in first place by a mile .
he 'd gotten those guys riled up in the first place with his little talk .
` ` this sort of indulgence is what got us into trouble in the first place . ''
in fact , there was no explanation for their link in the first place ; no one had ever inherited a bond .
why work with the maaskab in the first place ?
she felt like a prisoner , the annoyance only exacerbated by the fact no one would tell her why she needed guards in the first place .
how did you even know about me in the first place ?
that was the reason he 'd wanted to talk to niccolo in the first place .
my mind fell into place .
the goddess who led him to the tablet in the first place ?
she was going to die , already had twice , three times if she counted that he 'd come to save her from dying from something in the first place .
but how had ashli found his sister - what's - her - face - in the first place ?
it was that reason that i had chosen the college in the first place .
i picked up a trophy and read the inscription : first place all county debate tournament , 2008 .
` ` no , i just want a say in the first place ! ''
i nodded , feeling foolish for suggesting it in the first place .
which is weird considering how much i had fought coming here in the first place .
given the reason i was here in the first place , i should be thankful i was n't in a straight jacket at a psych ward .
thoughts of his wife and child lay heavy on my heart , and i remembered how we had gotten here in the first place .
after what seemed like hours , we headed to the last place on the list .
you know it was those legs that tripped sam up in the first place .
even if i 'd never come back to phoenix in the first place and my coming had never changed the direction of aly 's life , i hoped she would have at least found this .
never had a chance in the first place .
` ` god , elizabeth ... '' how could i respond to that when i 'd been the one to leave that void in the first place ?
that 's why telling you about leaving in the first place was such a big deal . ''
i could n't fix how hurt i was that he pushed me away in the first place .
` ` i bet he was pissed when the council arrested me in the first place , then . ''
` ` if that were so , my love , they 'd not have committed a crime in the first place . ''
falcon would overhear , then tell mike what i 'd said , and then it 'd all get back david , who 'd be mad at me for talking to morgaine in the first place , since he clearly had some underlying reason he did n't want me to .
` ` which is why you ran in the first place , '' he said smugly .
maybe , in her opinion , being careless enough to be on a lighthouse and fall in the first place was betrayal .
how do you think he ended up on the core in the first place ? ''
` ` yes , but his reasons for ` ` dancing '' in the first place were n't the same as mine . ''
i think she 'll take first place , '' a sister says .
` ` if you felt the same way about school , you would n't be in this position in the first place . ''
i said , which was n't what i would have said had he let me speak in the first place .
i ' m happy to see that ellis is as annoyed as i am , but i ' m working really hard not to get paranoid about why ellis said anything about people thinking i ' m g*y in the first place .
` ` anyway , you 'd have never known if i did n't tell you in the first place .
` ` he 's the one who found out about the job in the first place . ''
he was the jerk who got you into this in the first place . ''
` ` yeah , well , you were the one who insisted on it in the first place . ''
i mean , sure , fooling around was what got me into this mess in the first place .
` ` look , she should n't have been putting you up for those roles in the first place . ''
she had been the one to remind alice in the first place and show her a postcard from them , just the other day .
she should n't even be a part of this world in the first place .
kaspar had warned me away from him in the first place .
' in fact , why did she even come in the first place ?
then why tell them in the first place ?
` ` wo n't hurt worse than the getting hurt in the first place , '' he said as he pointed at ty , catching the curtain just in time as it fell away and yanking it shut , blocking the flow of cool air .
there was an old football with faded writing on it , as well as several ribbons that signified first and third place finishes , but they did n't tell what they were for .
but hearing the words from nick , receiving the promise that he would n't make another advance , that he regretted doing it in the first place , it did ease some of the worry in zane 's mind .
` ` you 're the one that cut it off in the first place ! ''
` ` you would n't have been there in the first place , '' beverly said .
a lasso was the last thing zane had expected , but even if they came in second place in this event , they would still win the whole thing .
who would have thought to guard the dead bodies in the first place ?
i was stupid to say anything in the first place .
not sure what i was doing in the first place .
and then maybe i can get her to confess how the f**k he convinced her to take it in the first place .
you can not tell me things simply disappear , and i ' m supposed to accept it - especially things that have no business existing in the first place .
none of this would even be necessary if he would believe me in the first place .
i type in $ 250 and hit ` ` place bid . ''
and i ca n't lose this place .
last i heard his cancer was in remission , but looking at him , you 'd think he never went through hell in the first place .
14 the long good - bye ally who the hell throws a good - bye party for someone you never want to see leave in the first place ?
and , in light of that small legal victory , kendall dubbed this a ` ` double '' celebration , but i was never planning to celebrate in the first place .
do not incite the maniac who thought it was a good idea to kidnap you in the first place .
she 's still out of breath from our trek over the roofline to get here in the first place .
she stops at the foot of the forest , examining me , but she does n't scream or run or flip dudley the bird for inflicting such damage in the first place .
it was liam who sacrificed his life to get me here in the first place .
` ` and we have our very first place . ''
i ' m tempted as hell to plunge deep inside her , but the first thing i want penetrating skyla 's perfect body is another part of my anatomy , one far more worthy to land there in the first place - and eager as hell .
i need to focus on the fact i was lucky to have been born in the first place , to have been destined for skyla in some small way .
she peers out as if uneasy to be here in the first place .
logan has crossed the chasm , and my final request was denied at the hands of the one who had brought us together in the first place .
while we 're here i should press charges against her for being such a round - the - clock ass**le and getting me into this debacle in the first place .
she 's probably the one who suggested my treble be revoked in the first place .
` ` what i want to know is , who would be stupid enough to consider you in the first place . ''
why would you leave logan oliver in the first place ?
` ` you should never have coerced her into removing the necklace in the first place .
` ` that 's what got us here in the first place . ''
what they do in that room will only reflect the reason for this visit in the first place .
gage could care less that logan is standing less than three feet away - that they 're like brothers , and if anyone should trust him it would be the one asking the question in the first place .
how did we get there in the first place ? ''
if she were really chloe 's friend , she would never have gone there in the first place .
god sets them on fire , and i watch as they burn to the ground like defunct fireworks that never really took in the first place .
it 's one of my father 's competitors - his only competitor , and the last place on the planet i want to be .
` ` i should have believed you in the first place .
i do n't care if adrian wakes up ; he 's the one who wanted us to sleep in the same bed in the first place .
if you did n't say no in the first place , i would n't have ' nagged ' you to come over . ''
who said i ' m being forced into marrying you in the first place ?
that 's the reason this thing was hosted in the first place , remember ? ''
i ca n't believe i played along with your stupid game in the first place !
mason winked , before placing a kiss on my cheek and ruffling adrian 's hair - who did n't even bother to get it styled in the first place .
` ` because i do n't understand why he 's interested in me in the first place . ''
` ` i should n't have let you go in the first place . ''
` ` why was she your friend in the first place ? ''
` ` i do , but why in the world would you do it in the first place ? ''
he never did anything wrong in the first place . ''
` ` it 's been hard to slide into second place on your priority list . ''
` ` i know you did n't really need me in the first place .
what surprised me was the fact that it had happened in the first place .
` ` because it 's my fault you were in that room in the first place .
` ` how did she end up with him in the first place ?
that none of this would have happened in the first place if i was n't determined to destroy myself and everyone around me ?
it was n't any of my business in the first place , but you told me .
` ` that should never have been created in the first place . ''
it was only me who brought you together in the first place , '' fazire grumbled .
i also tried not to think about my many bad traits which maybe got my fool self into this mess in the first place .
if i 'd had time to think about it , it would have embedded itself in my head so it would be all about if i was doing it right , out of practice , or never really had the skill in the first place , and if benny liked what i was doing .
` ` then we 're gon na eat chinese , '' i informed him of something that was his decision in the first place .
the first time was out of his control when the condom broke when he was with gabby and it was now not debatable that he 'd f**ked up nailing gabby in the first place , drunk or not .
she changed the subject , not that she introduced the subject in the first place still she changed it .
i do n't know why she stepped under it in the first place .
he did n't know he should have never made her go there in the first place .
` ` i can obviously see that you 'd see it that way but since i did n't actually wish to go to dinner with you in the first place , i do n't see it the same way . ''
the drakkar awaits and all know he is impatient and does n't want to be where he 's standing right this very minute in the first place . ''
and further , she was the one who introduced the subject in the first damned place .
it was a miracle i got him to sit in the first place .
and maybe this magic had brought me to this world in the first place .
` ` your feelings for them , my feelings for them , that was why we we d in the first place . ''
he was losing patience , not that he had much in the first place .
enough to get in a passionate verbal battle in the first place much less feel the hurt after it had happened and further to feel pain that the reason it happened was because she may have wounded him .
she does n't know how lucky she was to trap him in the first place , '' monique had declared when she 'd heard the divorce was made final .
douglas had wondered distractedly why julia had settled for the bastard in the first place .
and why did he want julia in the first place ?
before this dawned on her , he turned into a car park that was two doors down from the club and she was forced to admit to a secret relief that she would n't have to trek for miles to get to his car ( even when she did n't quite understand how she 'd managed to get herself in the awkward position of accepting a ride from him in the first place ) .
around her neck and shoulders were tendrils that had never made it to the knot at the crown in the first place .
he did n't like that she 'd announced she ` ` needed the money '' which made him wonder what the money was for in the first place .
if he knew , he 'd think she lost her mind , if she ever had one in the first place .
sibyl 's ` ` girls '' did not win , but came in second place to a young lady who recited a poem so precociously , with her talent and a great deal of luck to get out of her dire surroundings , colin could see her in the west end .
she regarded him warily then she said on a heavy sigh , ` ` i know you wo n't believe me , did n't believe me in the first place , but that woman they caught today was not the dark soul .
fiona did n't particularly relish the fact that prentice took bella outside in the first place , seeing as he never did that with her .
it was an actual miracle i got her to go up there in the first place .
i do n't know why i went out with him in the first place .
that 's how the mcphersons got started in this business in the first place .
it 's my shit that brought everyone out in the first place .
then i could n't believe how stupid i was for believing in the first place and set myself firmly in denial , which was a good place to be ... for a while .
i was anti - violence that was one of the reasons why i was in this mess in the first place .
his eyes were on me and there was something in them i could n't read , something familiar , even precious , something i remembered from a long time ago but had n't seen in so long , i did n't remember where i saw it in the first place .
maybe it 's because we do n't want to get got in the first place , '' i explained .
i let him in my life in the first place . ''
and of course there was also the anger that it was my fault she was in this position in the first place .
my knees almost buckled when she met me halfway and gripped my hand in hers , our fingers linking like they 'd never been apart , my body responding like it could n't imagine that reality in the first place .
if you asked the question in the first place , then it is safe to say you never were a rake to begin with .
it was his order that she accompany us in the first place . ''
here it is : do n't be dumb enough to get caught in the first place .
for some reason his body felt such loss at her leaving that he had forgotten the reason for their secret jaunt in the hack in the first place .
yes , it seemed everything was falling into place quite nicely .
` ` stupid kitchen 's the reason for this fiasco in the first place , '' kessen mumbled , but christian must have heard , because the corners of his mouth lifted into a smile .
christian sighed ; it was n't fair her name was being dragged through the mud , especially because it was mainly his lack of self - control which got them into this position in the first place .
the same duncan and nick who , upon further inspection , were never planning on climbing in the first place , considering they forgot their gear and could only send two people up at a time .
after talking with duncan , they decided this was the only way to deal with the situation , especially since it was their fault in the first place .
but if you care that you 're losing it in the first place . ''
it 's that you do n't even realize you had it in the first place .
and i do n't think that 's what girls want in the first place .
and again , arousal disappeared faster than it had appeared in the first place .
` ` my most secure childhood memory was when i got second place at the science fair .
all because i was reaching for something i never deserved in the first place .
i hate disappointment , but it 's only by those i deem worthy of approval in the first place .
she 'd run to the woman who 'd brought us here in the first place .
even though i was the idiot that put us in that zone in the first place , i still wanted him to want me ... as ridiculous as that sounded .
we should never have involved you in the first place . ''
` ` i ' m pissed you introduced me to them in the first place .
you take shelter , but what if the shelter is the reason for your downfall in the first place ?
lisa sat on the bed and wrung her hands together while i stood and tried to hide the fact that her mouth was so damn arousing i was having trouble remembering all the reasons i could n't have her in the first place .
hell , it was a bad idea even coming down here in the first place . ''
` ` there wo n't be any pieces to pick up , lisa , because you wo n't trust me enough in the first place to give anything , let alone leave it in my hands . ''
i did n't deserve it and part of me wondered if i ever really wanted it in the first place .
it was as if he knew my soul and was able to explain the depth of my heart without actually asking me in the first place what i was trying to communicate .
when i asked how she could feel my hand in the first place , she said she could n't , but she did still have two eyes .
that 's like saying i ' m setting a caged bird free without ever being given the bird in the first place .
so many words rushed through my head , things i could say that would n't actually make anything better because at the end of the day , our worlds should have never collided in the first place .
too angry to truly look at the man earlier in the evening , and embarrassed that she 'd been looking in the first place , she had n't a chance to admire him fully .
it was important she not forget her reasons for escaping the palace in the first place .
` ` and that statement alone brings great sadness , for war without love is n't worth fighting in the first place .
besides , it is possible that he was the spy in the first place .
but hunter had stopped talking and was doing exceedingly well in making her forget what she 'd been so worried about in the first place .
` ` why would you obtain a wife in the first place ?
how can you earn such things in the first place , dominique ? ''
going to bed late meant he had no use for his valet , not that he found much use for one in the first place .
` ` he 's a dreadful dancer in the first place .
` ` all based on a letter that should have never been sent to you in the first place . ''
for was n't she part of this whole debacle in the first place ?
it was his fault that things had occurred as they had in the first place .
` ` you never told me what you were doing out dancing in the snow in the first place , nor the identity of your invisible dance partner , rosalind . ''
why it would be on the contract in the first place was beyond him .
or maybe not even a choice in the first place .
eventually you forget you actually had a destination in the first place .
i moved within her , slowly at first , giving her body time to adjust to me , shocked that it needed to in the first place .
after all , it was phoenix who 'd come to me and sergio in the first place .
hell , i was too weak to tell her i probably was n't going to survive the commission in the first place .
as if the tex i knew had never existed in the first place .
` ` which means only one thing ... you do n't have access to the funds because my father never named you in the first place .
loses her freaking mind because she was n't ever supposed to remember in the first place ? ''
we had successfully brought down an empire that should have never been erected in the first place .
before long , mom did n't remember to pick him up from school in the first place .
she doubted a slip of a girl like nadia caldani represented any real danger in the first place ; any complications from nadia 's crush on mateo would be minor and easily corrected with spells of forgetting or compulsion .
apparently mr . perez was too overwhelmed to ask himself why she and ginger would have been in the er in the first place .
i mean , we ' ve shut it down , and dell is going to be hearing from our lawyers , believe you me , but how could that happen in the first place ? ''
the trick was not to stop her in the first place .
i shook my head instead and asked , ` ` why would he assault me in the first place ? ''
we needed to find out how she 'd found out about horizons in the first place .
there was nothing to end in the first place , but i told london we were n't going to work .
like she never existed in the first place .
sometimes i think the only reason victor ever chose to hide in the first place had everything to do with izabel .
` ` i do n't want you to feel as if i ' m putting you in second place . ''
` ` how did calso get the coin in the first place ? ''
` ` it was salmon loaf , and since i never wanted to cook for you in the first place i hope it gives you food poisoning . ''
that was , when they bothered to notice women like her in the first place .
having the hots for this vampire surely came second place to imminent peril .
` ` can you at least help us discover who was responsible for the curse in the first place ? ''
it was , after all , the reason he had come here in the first place .
` ` no more strange than waking up a vampire in the first place . ''
then again , would it be any less stupid to allow herself to be rescued by a werewolf who had started all her troubles in the first place ?
is that not why you took the woman in the first place ? ''
` ` speaking of which , why was darcy here alone in the first place ? ''
` ` in the first place i ' m not a demon , '' she pointed out , her hands clenched tightly in her lap .
she growled , as annoyed by jagr 's cool reaction to her obvious danger as being shot at in the first place .
` ` culligan swore the dogs were the ones who gave him the baby in the first place . ''
it was only luck that we stumbled across the were 's trail that led to this lair in the first place .
and of course , she now knew how culligan had managed to get a pureblooded were in his power , if not how the curs had gotten a hold of her and her sisters in the first place .
nor had he forgotten that it was styx who sent him to hannibal in the first place .
that 's why i approached viper in the first place . ''
the name clicked into place .
` ` how did you get here in the first place ? ''
` ` why did you not say so in the first place ? ''
` ` so long as you 're around i ' m always going to come in second place . ''
` ` second place ? ''
not when he was drained from his shape - shifting , not to mention the effort of mist - walking with two curs and a witch to get to this wine cellar in the first place .
roke had n't wanted to come to chicago in the first place , but the anasso had insisted they needed his rare talent for reading prophecies .
was n't that the reason she 'd retreated behind the veil in the first place ?
it was the portal that the imp had formed to bring her to nevada in the first place .
beautiful women were what got me into this whole mess in the first place and i 'd once rather have a blond on my arm that could n't form a sentence than a bespectacled brilliant nerd .
it 's not like i would ' ve worn jeans to sleep in the first place .
` ` how then were you going to get there in the first place ? ''
i wished i 'd never let her go back in the first place .
only my father and brother really ever felt the need to use the titles in the first place .
i do n't know what happened to him or where he is ... '' i found it hard to recall why i was there in the first place .
i grimaced , remembering why i was so distraught in the first place .
` ` it 's unfair , the pressure i ' m putting on you with all the responsibilities that should n't be yours in the first place ... '' i frowned .
` ` how did they manage to get to earth in the first place ?
that 's how i was turned in the first place .
after all , if it had n't been for her hot - headedness , he would n't have been on this island in the first place .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' she said quickly , desperately wishing she 'd never opened her big mouth in the first place .
she hated hearing the excuse come out of her mouth , but for as fatalistic as all of this seemed , now that she 'd actually blown the very thing she needed to get right , serena was struck hard with a fierce need not to give up on everything that she 'd had to fight so hard for in the first place .
the issue is getting the retailers to stock it in the first place .
especially given that she should n't have been in them in the first place .
for his whole family - especially his parents , who should never have lost it in the first place .
he 'd been crazy to tell ben to do a background on her in the first place , almost as if he 'd been looking for a way to sabotage his own happiness .
after all , it was why she 'd gotten on the ski lift in the first place .
not when she felt terrible about leaving her dancers in a bad situation like this in the first place .
but then , was that really such a stretch from his noticing her at all in the first place ?
and as his hand slid over the thin lace of her thong and he cupped the sensitive flesh between her legs , she could n't think , or worry , or even remember how those thoughts got there in the first place .
he could n't help feeling that he 'd just lost something vital ... even though he 'd never had her as anything but a friend in the first place .
he needed to pick the reins back up , rather than let the beauty standing before him keep taking him for a ride they should n't be on in the first place .
and how the heck had he even gotten her to agree to a week in the first place ?
and not to always be last place in your life . ''
she 's got that bruise pretty well covered up tonight , but how 'd she get it in the first place ?
the rider with the fastest timed clean round would then win or , failing any clean round , the rider with the lowest number of faults would take first place .
in the first place , she was alive .
guess they 'd screwed their way through the first place setting of the day - which was how they 'd rolled ever since ... god .
if he had n't been witness to that , he probably would n't have lain with layla in the first place .
although , hell , without her , he probably would n't have bothered doing anything about ascending in the first place .
travis said she 's from kansas ... that 's why he got that breed in the first place , blah , blah , blah . ''
i do n't want to be here in the first place , and if you do n't want me here either , that makes it really easy .
` ` my dad was the one who helped develop them in the first place .
they 're too unstable to create in the first place . ''
why were you searching avery 's office in the first place ? ''
that was the whole point of the ultraviolet catastrophe hypothesis in the first place . ''
then again , she 'd learned most of her fashion sense from them in the first place , so perhaps she was n't so far off .
hell , she could go back and stop myka from being kidnapped in the first place .
` ` a smart woman would n't need one in the first place . ''
what the hell was the doctor doing in the first place ?
` ` if someone inside myth was working for navang , it would explain why they were able to get a hold of myka aldani in the first place and how they knew about his ... alterations . ''
` ` what makes you think they 'll let you inside in the first place , with or without me ? ''
i ' m starting to think i was wrong about refusing this position in the first place .
i do n't know if we ever had a real connection in the first place . ''
` ` the next day , the teacher who had caused the fuss about his cd player in the first place had to go sheepishly to the principal 's office and tell him that there had been a mistake .
i just wished i had n't gotten involved with her in the first place .
` ` it 's not our fault that it 's a cycle in the first place . ''
` ` you 're the one who told her where to meet me in the first place .
but it had been my entire fault in the first place .
` ` i ' m sure my first place will be a pigsty . ''
there was nothing special about me - i was just another extra who should never have been born in the first place .
` ` if i were a i , we probably never would ' ve met in the first place . ''
but you deserve to have that choice in the first place .
` ` if you already knew my name , then why did you ask for it in the first place ? ''
and why had daxton killed her in the first place ?
` ` you should never have left in the first place , '' said augusta .
` ` you 're the one who decided to do it - you 're the one who decided to get rid of lila in the first place , so it is n't that .
everything i 'd done , all the risks i 'd taken to live up to her ghost , and she had n't even wanted to do it in the first place .
` ` lila should n't have run away in the first place . ''
it was n't his fault that benjy was in danger , but he was the one who 'd come up with this stupid plan in the first place , and if anything happened to benjy , i would never forgive him .
he did n't remember who i was or how he 'd come to be in the coma in the first place .
there were hardly enough students to bother building one in the first place , let alone keep it running .
and like hell i was going to let it claim another victim right in front of me , especially when it was my fault ava was here in the first place .
` ` or like henry , never alive in the first place . ''
i sighed and collapsed on the bed , trying not to think about how long it would take them to search the manor - or how ava had known to be suspicious of the poisoned present in the first place .
and maybe if calliope understood , she would n't feel so guilty about letting it happen in the first place .
i felt a stab of pity for him , but there was nothing i could say to make it any better , not when i did n't understand it in the first place .
then again , he was n't supposed to be capable of getting injured in the f irst place .
glancing at his ripped jacket that was now soaked with blood , he frowned , as if he 'd forgotten he 'd been injured in the f irst place .
it was a miracle he was still alive in the f irst place .
it had been my idea to come in the f irst place .
most of the others in the underworld had either avoided us or had n't seen us in the f irst place , and when we 'd spoken to them , it had been brief , and ava usually handled it .
it would n't change how much he 'd wanted to kiss her in the f irst place .
as hard as it was for me to bear the pressure of living up to my mother 's expectations , i 'd never considered how diff icult it had been for persephone to go against them in the f irst place .
` ` it 's my fault kate 's there in the first place .
` ` it 's a miracle henry got you out in the first place , and he risked everything for you .
my stupid mistake had forced henry to release cronus from tartarus in the first place .
` ` you should not be fighting in the first place , '' he said .
` ` walter should ' ve never sent her in the first place . ''
i 'd dismissed it as a consequence of my vision , of him barely hanging on to this world in the first place , but what if it was n't ?
i 'd been the one to suggest going to the parthenon in the first place .
` ` why does there need to be a war in the first place ?
do you know what it took to contain him in the first place ? ''
it is a miracle she managed to get out of there in the first place . ''
` ` what i need is for you people not to step on my flowers in the first place . ''
you 're the one who showed me how to be a fighter in the first place . ''
as far as my mother is concerned , the day i was born i was already in second place .
and preston did n't want them along in the first place .
for his outspoken criticism of mark , which had put her on that plane in the first place ?
and how come she was wandering around the mountains of idaho , penniless and homeless , in the first place ?
if only cierra had paid more attention to the details , she might ' ve arrived at baker 's in the first place .
there had to have been a reason he was convicted in the first place .
` ` because you 're not interested in me in the first place . ''
` ` for the same reason skinner requested it in the first place .
none of this would be happening if he had n't joined up in the first place .
` ` no , '' she said , but then she tried to be more honest , since that had been her intent in the first place .
` ` you caused the problem in the first place , remember ? ''
what astonished her was that she 'd risked her job in the first place .
` ` if they knew it was because of you westy got to that faggot in the first place , they 'd fire your ass . ''
virgil was the one who 'd joined the crew in the first place .
it was more dangerous not to have it , which was why virgil had given her the sig in the first place .
they were the very emotions he 'd hoped to escape by taking oxycontin in the first place .
the disapproval in those words told vivian that sonja ivey had forgiven ellen for the murder , if she 'd ever held her accountable for it in the first place .
or he was n't home in the first place .
that had to be where claire had gotten this stuff in the first place .
` ` leanne said it was my fault for going there in the first place . ''
` ` it came from his office in the first place , did n't it ?
i ' m the one who told you to stay away from alana in the first place .
which was difficult to do in the first place .
it was marrying her in the first place .
remembering every kiss , every touch , she made no effort to hide the admiration or the longing that had brought her to his bed in the first place .
` ` if wythe took them in the first place , he had to have somewhere to put them . ''
he had tried talking linley into staying in the first place .
he averted his gaze as if he had n't really been looking at her in the first place .
he was n't about to fall back into that pit now that he was free of it , but whatever had drawn him to her in the first place was still lurking beneath the surface .
she 's had it hard enough since skip died without me going around blabbing about her personal problems - especially to her employer who did n't really want to hire her in the first place .
` ` that 's what i was hoping to help you avoid in the first place . ''
that was how they 'd found the mine in the first place .
and what if he had n't pointed out the jepson mine to cody in the first place ?
imagining the repercussions made noah angry - angry with those who 'd feel superior enough to put him down and , perhaps illogically , angry with baxter for being vulnerable in the first place .
she told them she 'd forgotten her swimsuit , even though she had n't brought it because she had n't planned on attending the party in the first place .
that was the whole reason he 'd been in a position to be attacked in the first place .
somehow , since levi had appeared on her porch , she had n't even thought about getting naked with kyle , except to be mortified that she 'd let the situation interfere with her good judgment in the first place .
levi would n't , could n't , leave callie alone until he knew she 'd be safe - not when it was helping him that had endangered her in the first place .
she 'd been foolish to buy it in the first place .
` ` of course not , '' she replied as if she had n't been avoiding him in the first place .
kyle was mad that he 'd left in the first place .
` ` i had no business spending that money in the first place .
not telling would be unfair , almost as unfair as what anita had done in the first place .
` ` what made you pick it up in the first place ? ''
and he doubted he would ' ve gotten into it with aaron in the first place if he 'd had a little more patience .
dylan was n't sure why he 'd come in the first place .
` ` that 's the reason she came here in the first place .
and you 're the one who destroyed my business in the first place .
` ` i ' m a good actor but even i ' m not that good , or i would n't need to be doing this in the first place .
three different people had hailed him since he walked in , which was what had drawn simon 's attention to him in the first place .
that 's why she came to me in the first place . ''
he would not want ` ` i love you '' in response when he 'd warned her not to take their relationship too seriously in the first place .
` ` but you would n't have been hurt if i had n't sent him there in the first place . ''
` ` i did n't want to come here in the first place .
without the money and cover provided by the preacher , he would n't have done it in the first place .
forget that he 's the one who was dealing drugs in the first place . ''
` ` what made you approach him about his ex - wife in the first place ? ''
irene had n't wanted her to bring hunter to stillwater in the first place .
no more regret for failing at a marriage i did n't want in the first place .
if joe had planted it , where did he get it in the first place ?
` ` i never planned on moving back home in the first place . ''
` ` when you have a man who never wanted a child in the first place , you do n't get a lot of support . ''
he was n't sure why he 'd returned in the first place .
and it was easier to avoid the answers to certain questions if she did n't ask them in the first place .
the trial would n't be fair in the first place .
who told him it was you in the first place ? ''
silently cursing the weak will that had brought her here in the first place , she pivoted on the flagstone path leading through the tulips and irises of kennedy 's parklike yard .
ava did n't think she had what the job required and had n't agreed with hiring her in the first place .
sebastian believed mary was the reason he 'd come to california in the first place .
that would depend on why he was contacting me in the first place .
she could n't remember why she 'd bothered with that old man in the first place .
but he supposed recording what he said was n't any riskier than meeting with her in the first place .
` ` if what paris had to say has no bearing , why 'd you track her down in the first place ?
i got the impression she was showing off by suggesting it in the first place .
she 'd tried to talk him out of using it in the first place , and when that did n't work , she took other steps .
she should never have been taken away in the first place .
` ` and you two would have gotten along fine if you had n't been insufferable in the first place . ''
` ` but you never had him in the first place . ''
` ` how did franky know you in the first place ? ''
since he had n't wanted her to go to southern california with jonathan in the first place , she expected his next question to be about their sleeping arrangements .
this was why he 'd been trying to reach her in the first place , what he 'd secretly been hoping for all along .
with her hair dyed an unlikely shade of red and teased into a stiff globe , and makeup thick enough to be reminiscent of onetime tv personality tammy faye baker , she was n't particularly attractive in the first place .
but what he said was certainly possible , since she had no idea why she 'd been singled out in the first place .
it was her fault jason had been at rocky point in the first place .
she refused to interrupt their lives , since this had been her own decision in the first place .
if you married a man like cain , you 'd wind up divorced and miserable - if he even married you in the first place .
but why would he attack her in the first place ?
rather fatalistic and subdued , he 'd accepted what she said without blaming her for not being able to tell him more - or for coaxing jason up to rocky point in the first place .
` ` cain came to me a little while ago to ask where i 'd gotten it in the first place .
it was the fact that he 'd allowed such a despicable human being to get control of his daughter in the first place that hurt .
` ` without the physical proof he discovered , there would n't have been enough evidence to charge moreau in the first place . ''
would n't the average person be more concerned with how jasmine had come to be in the cellar in the first place ?
` ` no stranger than my brother going to prison in the first place , '' susan said , unable to resist pushing romain a little further .
` ` how 'd she get involved with huff in the first place ? ''
` ` what got huff involved in the first place ? ''
he started for the door , but when his cell phone vibrated , he remembered that was what had awakened him in the first place .
is that what broke up your family in the first place ?
` ` she had no business snooping around in the first place .
i do n't think he 'd bother with revenge and risk going to jail if he had what he wanted in the first place . ''
i do n't understand how it happened in the first place .
` ` why did you marry me in the first place ? ''
` ` what brought you to town in the first place ? ''
if isaac had any choice in the matter , he 'd never get close to liz in the first place .
` ` you would n't have married me in the first place .
the only joke , to hannah , was that she 'd ever been stupid enough to marry russ in the first place .
he had n't asked for this job in the first place .
` ` and how 'd you see this chair in the first place ? ''
he 'd been stupid to buy them in the first place .
she doubted she could catch him in the first place .
he could tell she 'd had a difficult time appearing on his doorstep in the first place .
still , there had to be some reason she 'd trusted him in the first place ... . getting up , he decided there was nothing he could do but take the same risk she 'd taken .
he probably should n't have come here in the first place .
` ` you were never going to washington in the first place , were you ? ''
` ` why did you tell holbrook about the journal in the first place ? ''
it felt too seedy , too dishonest , to have stolen it in the first place .
road signs did n't matter much when you did n't know where you were headed in the first place .
` ` but where did you get them in the first place ?
` ` he would n't , '' katie said , still thinking of possible motives for booker to have called mike in the first place .
` ` your family did n't want you to marry me in the first place , '' she said .
` ` you 're the one who tripped me in the first place . ''
he probably had n't planned on coming in the first place .
but anyone who could be talked out of marrying rebecca did n't stand a chance with her in the first place .
in the first place , he had no proof that she was the one who set the fire .
in the first place , he was n't convinced his lukewarm response was really her fault .
in the second place , mary was n't used to criticism .
` ` we should n't have gone out there in the first place . ''
rebecca had n't even heard from him since the night he 'd said all those crazy things , things she was sure he did n't mean in the first place .
and rebecca would never admit to being hurt in the first place , so they could n't discuss it openly .
but most of all , she wanted to kick herself for causing this disaster in the first place .
` ` why did you go to boise in the first place ?
she did n't want him coming to her out of the sense of obligation that had led him to marry her in the first place .
we should n't have let her live here in the first place ! ''
anything less could be construed as forcible entry ; finch and hunsacker had n't been pleased to learn they were coming out here in the first place .
` ` they had no business breaking the law in the first place . ''
` ` you should n't have arrested me in the first place . ''
sophia emphasized his title to convey that he actually had no rank , no business being involved in the first place .
` ` but what brought him here in the first place ?
muttering a curse for letting his father talk him into returning to bordertown in the first place , he piled his trash on the plastic tray .
bordertown was nothing if not conservative ; it was surprising they 'd promoted her to chief of police in the first place .
later , with any luck , he might even tell her what had set him off in the first place .
` ` how 'd he lose track of junior in the first place ? ''
` ` what made you join the covenanters in the first place ? ''
she could n't stand the thought that she might ' ve hurt his feelings or damaged his ego when she was the one who 'd instigated everything in the first place .
marigold had almost forgotten why she 'd approached north in the first place .
lana and his mother are supposed to be asleep , too - i do n't think they have any idea i ' m coming , and only have a vague idea of who i am in the first place .
though the church would n't be sharing a venue with these carpetbaggers in the first place if i had n't destroyed their barn .
which , rumour has it , is n't that big in the first place . ''
the short programme is first , and we 're excited when cricket 's twin , calliope , bursts into first place with an acrobatically powerful performance .
i 'd thought it was because the machine was old , but now i realized it was because the dishes were never being cleaned in the first place .
it was the reason why he 'd written the letter in the first place .
` ` just one last place . ''
` ` that depends on why we were on the island in the first place , and we still do n't know why . ''
the others , they 're nothing- '' ` ` if they are nothing , then why did you bother with them in the first place ? ''
where they went or why they 'd been here in the first place , i was n't sure , but i 'd never been so grateful to anyone in my life .
most important , she 's the one who made up these ridiculous virtues we 're all tested on in the first place , as if she 's followed every single one of them herself ( hello , pride ) , and she 's the reason daddy had to lie to get me a seat on the council .
either way , he 'd made his choice ; he 'd had one to make in the first place .
yet you do n't respect him enough to keep your hands off his wife in the first place ?
` ` you 're the reason that me finding a bit of happiness is so deplorable in the first place , '' i said .
celia , lila 's mother and daxton 's sister , was the reason so much of this had happened in the first place .
` ` i ' m just saying , we 're here because none of us believes in the rank system in the first place .
` ` we never approved an assassination in the first place .
` ` if it ever existed in the first place , daxton would have made sure it was destroyed by now , '' said knox , his expression stormy .
` ` it was never in any danger in the first place . ''
but i 'd be damned if i wasted this chance to make the difference i 'd risked my life for in the first place .
no matter how friendly anyone seemed , i could n't forget that this was all a game of survival , and i was in last place .
i do n't know why anyone would misbehave and risk winding up here in the first place . ''
he was here to watch me die , not to save my life when he was the one who 'd put me here in the first place .
was that why daxton had n't killed me in the first place ?
he never loved me in the first place .
make an example of a few , and the rest fall into place . ''
` ` i ' m keeping you safe for the same reason you were chosen to replace lila in the first place .
knox and benjy were right - if i was caught searching for them , i 'd be dead in seconds , and this time my face would n't help me , not when everyone thought lila was leading the rebellion in the first place .
if she figured out it was me in the first place .
but why she had been worried about me in the first place , i could n't fathom .
she 's the reason we have the codes in the first place .
what had caused my mother to lie down with death in the first place ?
` ` you mean , else you never would have betrayed the duchess in the first place . ''
` ` if not for me , you would not have had life in the first place .
none of this would have happened in the first place . ''
it 's my f**king fault that any of this happened to you in the first place .
but she just said she had never understood why nina and i were together in the first place , and that i deserved much better than that .
that was a tempting idea , actually , but playing judge , jury , and executioner had gotten dred sent here in the first place .
since i did n't want him dating avery in the first place , i could hardly argue , but it seemed odd that he was more bothered by what she said about me than by her condemnation of his own behavior .
in the intimacy games , rob and i were well into first place .
` ` you know i was against that in the first place . ''
there 's no way some scrawny biker prospect should ' ve been able to get that good of a lick in the first place .
then no one would have to worry about bleeding on the floor in the first place . ''
i was going to kiss that sassy mouth until neither one of us could breathe , until my head stopped hurting , until i forgot what had put me in such a vulnerable , sorry state in the first place .
` ` i think that 's what got you into trouble in the first place .
` ` it 's not you getting me off that worried me in the first place , nash .
after all , there had to be an offense and a defense in order for there to be a game in the first place .
it 's the fact that you felt like you had to freak out in the first place .
most people who lived in places like this did n't have anything worth stealing in the first place , and most single girls forced to live like this invested in better locks .
i was staring at the darkened ceiling , wondering exactly how i got myself into this mess in the first place .
i tuck a bookmark to save her last place read and then flick off the lamp .
` ` a lot of guys would have kicked you out of the house in the first place , before you did anything , '' i snap .
i never should have missed so much work in the first place . ''
` ` it probably was n't such a good idea in the first place ... you and ... '' i shake the thought out of my head , because i want it too much .
my mother 's still not saying how he got there in the first place .
and why did someone want him dead in the first place ?
i 'd been the one to plant the bug at peyton in the first place .
forget the fact that i 'd been ordered to date jack in the first place , and the fact that the two of them had been over long before i 'd come into the picture .
` ` this is the most dangerous , most important mission you ' ve ever gone on and will ever go on until you 're actually old enough to be doing over - eighteens in the first place , and you missed the debriefing . ''
1st place .
why did i get the feeling that first place was the only place that brooke or her mother understood ?
` ` even if we take amelia down , if we do n't find the person who stole the weapon in the first place , i ' m screwed . ''
obediently , i turned in the direction of the history room , and suddenly , the correct anagram of the scrambled letters fell into place .
i did n't know whether to be angry that she was implying i was n't good enough to attend the meeting , or deeply offended that she thought i wanted to be there in the first place .
why had she come here in the first place ?
chase turned the conversation back to the event that had brought us here in the first place .
in fact , the only thing surprising about this was that he 'd thought maddy might be the rabid in the first place .
after a long moment 's consideration , i left lucas under maddy 's watchful eye , confident that , if nothing else , she would n't let him slip off into the night unnoticed , leaving the rest of us to explain to the senate exactly how i 'd gone about losing a wolf that i 'd already admitted to having , one who another alpha was within his rights to want back , once i 'd dealt with the matter of trespassing in the first place .
i was the one who 'd torn ali 's marriage apart in the first place .
i tried not to think about the fact that ali , mitch , devon , and lake might not be able to fight it in the first place .
and why would they have agreed to give him anything in the first place ?
the only reason i 'd lasted this long as the cedar ridge alpha was that the others had chosen me to lead in the first place .
he was the one who 'd taught me to play it in the first place , but at the moment , he really did n't seem to be in the mood for a ` ` surviving pack life '' tutorial on obfuscation .
for that matter , there were very few werewolves far enough gone to provoke their alpha 's wrath by attacking a human and risking exposure in the first place .
they were ordering me not to concern myself with the rabid - the reason i 'd come here to chase in the first place .
callum , who 'd given me to her in the first place .
i also knew that if you had a secret , you did n't come to the wayfarer in the first place .
with a smile , i took my pen and circled the tiny slices of the map that fell between boundaries , grateful that i 'd managed to remember and that callum had told me in the first place .
the way devon had been furious at me for putting myself in danger by going to see chase in the first place .
` ` how did he track us in the first place ? ''
it 's the reason i got the job in the first place .
how did someone like amy get involved with that loser in the first place ?
i do n't know what made me even say anything in the first place .
she 'd hate me for it , considering she could n't stand the bitch in the first place and also , somehow i was on the track to sleep with someone that ty had been with before .
i should have never even tried this convoluted idea in the first place .
i ca n't believe you 'd do that in the first place . ''
he did n't even want to be with her in the first place .
you never should have been in that basement in the first place .
you should have never been with a guy like that in the first place .
if i had n't been such an idiot , i would have never lost her in the first place .
he never wanted her in the first place .
for the life of me i could n't figure out how in the hell i had gotten myself into this mess in the first place .
i could n't explain it , but it seemed like i 'd forgotten what i was there for in the first place .
life would have all been so simple if i 'd just made the right choices in the first place .
what was he in washington , d.c . for in the first place ? ''
sure , i 'd come far from how i shot the year before , but i wanted the candy pot and first place was where it sat .
i felt like if i was doing my job being a wife , then he would n't have had to do it in the first place .
in sky 's eyes , it was wrong for me to have slept with ash in the first place .
knowing her , she 'd already suspected that i 'd spent the night with sky and that 's why i was n't home in the first place .
i just ca n't lie about it , because it 's what ripped us apart in the first place .
i knew i was n't making sense , but it was difficult to explain when i did n't want to talk about it in the first place .
` ` because he 's the reason i was naked in the first place , dad .
now i had to just find a way to tell them that i 'd screwed up my life , and that i was pregnant by a guy they did n't want me with in the first place .
plus , it was hard for her to even have visions concerning family in the first place .
sometimes , i just did n't know what was right and wrong anymore , or what i was even supposed to do with my gypsy gift in the first place .
maybe i should have gone straight to metis in the first place , but i 'd forgotten all about the professor even being at the bonfire in my rush to get daphne and drag her back to the library so the valkyrie could heave the dead prowler off logan before it completely smothered him .
if , you know , he just did n't go ahead and sacrifice that person to loki in the first place .
i wondered , but i did n't want to look stupid and ask , especially since i did n't know what daphne was doing here in the first place .
no alarms sounded , and the sphinxes did n't leap down and rip me to shreds , if they could even do that in the first place .
i hate that you have to go to that school in the first place . ''
` ` how did you even wind up here in the first place ?
` ` the reason samson slept with her in the first place .
besides , grandma had always told me that she wanted me to make my own choices and chart my own destiny , instead of acting on a possible future that might never come to pass in the first place .
it was bad enough to know reapers existed in the first place .
i wanted to do big things with my gypsy gift , even if i did n't exactly know what those big things were just yet - or how i was even going to do them in the first place .
and who had sent it after me in the first place ?
i did n't want to ruin their day by going on and on about just how big , bad , and evil the wolf had seemed , especial y when they were n't real y concerned about me seeing the creature in the first place .
i 'd have to ask daphne about the librarian , and if , you know , vampires actual y existed in the first place .
otherwise , what was the point of me being at mythos academy in the first place ?
but mainly for not tel ing you about the reaper in the first place .
` ` but how did the seals even get broken in the first place ? ''
i 'd never quite figured out if the rumors were true or not , or how logan would even manage to do that in the first place .
how did you even find me in the first place ? ''
the statue did n't move , did n't blink , did n't twitch , did n't do anything to indicate that nike was in there somewhere - or that the goddess was actually listening to me in the first place .
i could n't understand if they would n't tell me what was going on in the first place .
still , despite the pain , i could n't help wondering how she had gotten down here in the first place past all the doors and locks .
i did n't know how the reaper girl had gotten past all the security measures to get down to the prison in the first place , but if she 'd been smart enough to do that , then she had to have thought out preston 's escape as well .
i do n't see why we 're even doing this in the first place . ''
i wondered how my mom had found it in the first place .
` ` i could n't keep the reapers from freeing loki in the first place .
my screams echoed through the amphitheater and then rattled up into the sky and the heavens themselves , but no one cared , and no one came to my defense or rescue - not even the goddess who 'd chosen me to be her champion in the first place .
i just wonder who made these accusations against you in the first place .
it was difficult for grandma to have reliable visions about family or friends in the first place , since her feelings for someone could influence what she saw .
` ` well , why did n't you say so in the first place ? ''
he was the one who 'd taught me how to fight in the first place .
if i was dead , then obviously i would n't even get the chance to try to kill loki - as if i even knew how i was supposed to do that in the first place .
especially without even asking her in the first place .
` ` and i ' ve known ever since the incident at the garm gate when loki was freed in the first place .
i figured it was n't actually a lie , since i did n't know how to use the bracelet to kill loki , or if it could really even hurt him in the first place .
if you do n't have an escape plan , you ca n't risk taking the candle to the reapers in the first place .
` ` if i 'd known that they were going to be destroyed , i never would have started playing in the first place .
was n't the parent supposed to be protective about their daughters running around late at night , where they had no business being in the first place ?
i could see us graduating college and buying our first place .
i was ashamed of my actions , so much that i could n't admit to ever being with him in the first place .
i have a reputation and i like hearing a pin drop ... the reason i heard these ass**les enter my studio loft in the first place .
true , they all gave me enough evil eyes to give me a lifetime of bad luck - but it 's not like i ' ve enjoyed much great luck in the first place , so i might not even notice the difference .
why the hell did jandj go after him so aggressively in the first place ?
with luck , ogilvey and his staff will conclude that the reason you were seeing them in the first place was because you were over - medicated .
he also knew that each was endowed with a very broad streak of personal ambition and a remarkable non - paranormal talent for the sort of political maneuvering that had gotten them onto the council in the first place .
i never should have in the first place . ''
could he ask this of her , when he was the one who had ruined her good name in the first place , and not another man ?
` ` how did you end up on it in the first place ?
once eubanks is dead , things will fall into place very quickly .
` ` maybe not , but it 's definitely way ahead of whatever is in second place . ''
` ` but what about the reason you went to arizona in the first place ?
` ` out of sheer curiosity , mind telling me how you got involved with brad mcallister in the first place ? ''
not that he 'd ever played the game that well in the first place .
` ` but my life would be vastly simplified if you did not get picked up in the first place , '' judson warned .
that leaves us with the question of how he found louise in the first place . ''
it did n't cost me a damn thing in the first place , and you 're saving me the cost of having it carted away by the garbage company .
my guess is , there was probably a damned good reason why that dog was in the pound in the first place . ''
what made you choose this burg in the first place ?
she had n't wanted brandon in the first place .
in the first place , it was n't like him .
in the second place , she was n't even his type .
and he never did like me in the first place . ''
` ` i should never have gotten into it in the first place . ''
` ` you would n't be going through it in the first place , if it was n't for me . ''
how could his staff have known that their man 's forthcoming announcement of his intention to run for the u.s . senate seat would take second place to the latest development in the harte - madison feud ?
` ` but what was she doing there on the trail in the first place ? ''
` ` but why were you always so sure that it was murder in the first place ?
what gave you the idea of going after my client files in the first place ?
in fact , i probably should n't have come here in the first place . ''
` ` you have to wonder why nick and jeremy were playing pool together in the first place .
besides , the plan is to avoid being in a situation where i have to use the taser in the first place . ''
no car was completely damage proof , not even a tank , and the best strategy to keep your occupant safe was to not get shot at in the first place .
in fact , i should n't have called you in the first place , so i ' m trying very hard to rewind time . ''
why did you implant them in the first place ? ''
he was not in a good mood in the first place because life had changed drastically for him a few days earlier , when martin belvedere had dropped dead from a heart attack .
well , hell , why did n't you say that in the first place ?
` ` why on earth did you buy it in the first place ? ''
` ` hell , i could n't handle a screwy relationship like that one in the first place , much less figure out the rules . ''
i ' m the one who turned you on to your psychic potential in the first place , remember ? ''
` ` why would they be attacking me in the first place ? ''
that 's why you 're here in the first place . ''
he had no real intention of believing her in the first place .
that 's why i did n't go to the authorities in the first place ! ''
` ` should have come to us in the first place , '' he told honor firmly .
we should never have listened to you in the first place . ''
but the interesting part is that we seem to have a bond so strong that it requires such internal control in the first place .
the pact was made by sniveling cowards who thought they had to make an alliance with a bunch of stupid colonists who should have died in a lightstonn in the first place . ''
desma tried again , saying mildly , ` ` why did you come looking for us in the first place , severance ? ''
above all there was the mystery of how she and severance had been led here in the first place .
` ` you 're wondering how the black - ops people knew about this shelter in the first place , are n't you ? ''
that 's why jandj referred rand to me in the first place . ''
that 's why it was founded in the first place . ''
which is , of course , how conspiracy theories work in the first place and why they manage to stay alive . ''
he should n't have in the first place , but the whole virgin thing had just been the icing on top of the huge portion of guilt cake he 'd been served .
you were never in the game in the first place .
` ` and , uh , seeing as i did n't know she , uh , lost her v - card with you in the first place , i kind of needed a second to absorb that . ''
over him ... if she even needed to get over him in the first place .
he gave an irritated sigh and stepped forward another place in line .
why was he lying outside in the cold night in the first place ?
finding the treasonous enforcer would take second place to finding a leader , by far .
the fae made the swords to have the same technology as the collars - they taught my dad how to make the collars in the first place , and he taught me .
but the fountain 's water was how they 'd gotten into this mess in the first place .
she agreed with ben that she needed to collapse it - this place was dangerous for humans and shifters alike , and humans did n't need to ask questions about why the hole was here in the first place .
` ` she also got graham into trouble in the first place , '' norval said angrily .
the stones did n't affect eleonore - she had put them there in the first place .
its best strategy lay in speed and in not being detected in the first place , which is where the cloaking device would come in handy .
that 's how i got you in the first place .
did n't dylan invite you here in the first place ? ''
if we bid , helena will outbid us , and we never intended to bid in the first place anyway .
i was right in the first place .
clearly it was not , or ian would have purchased this bowl in the first place .
if she had never put urow in danger in the first place , clara would n't be missing a leg .
my guess is they were low in their packs in the first place .
ben o'callaghan was put in charge of seeing that the felines followed liam 's strictures , ben 's penance for having joined the felines - only movement in the first place .
they were never alive in the first place . ''
` ` how do you know he did n't conjure the beasts in the first place ? ''
she should n't have done it in the first place .
they ai n't gon na send a battalion to help us out , because that would mean they 'd have to admit that duke 's psycho brother made off with their supersecret apocalypse machine , which they were n't supposed to have in the first place .
` ` cassidy warden did n't intentionally break the law in the first place .
diego still blamed eric 's stupid trackers for cassidy getting nabbed in the first place , but they could battle that out later .
` ` shifters were never bred by men in the first place .
it 's what formed us in the first place . ''
` ` sassenach , if you believed marriage was for duty alone , you 'd never have eloped with me in the first place .
win , place , or post ? ''
` ` if you were a saint , you 'd never have married me in the first place . ''
` ` did you consult me when you decided we would have a separation in the first place ?
` ` and you try to win by shouting about everything but what it is you ' ve done to make me angry in the first place !
` ` why did you marry john douglas in the first place ?
` ` but why did you marry lady elizabeth in the first place ? ''
cameron heard the words spill out of his mouth , naughty syllables that had led to this situation in the first place .
hart realized that was why ian had let her come here in the first place .
or even what there was to be missing in the first place ? ''
or perhaps elliot was mistaken , and stacy had never been there in the first place .
but we have to have a hook to make them come in the first place . ''
the rushlight on the other side of the room , which had n't emitted much glow in the first place , burned out with a sharp smell .
` ` why 'd you save me from those lads , woman , when ye 'd led me to them in the first place ?
edward concluded that i was the man she 'd eloped with in the first place . ''
and probably not quite as cool , if such things could ever really be considered cool in the first place .
` ` well , you might have thought of that before showing up without calling in the first place , '' said annie .
but she also knew that to say those things would be to seem as bullheaded and stubborn and hasty as the person who was driving him off in the first place , and because she was determined to seem different - to be different - she closed her hands into little fists at her side and bit the side of her lip and waited for him to go on .
she was suddenly surrounded by all the many people who cared about her , in the place where everything had started , which was all she 'd really ever wanted in the first place .
` ` you went there in the first place , '' he said .
nobody cared about who her father was or why they 'd come to this town in the first place .
dream job or not , four months had seemed like such a long time to be away , and if it had n't been for mom - who urged him to go , who said it was his dream , who insisted he 'd regret passing up such an opportunity - dad would never even have met charlotte in the first place .
if they really wished you were there , they 'd have invited you in the first place , right ?
if not for their differences , they probably would n't have noticed each other in the first place .
it 's why i 'd left on that assignment in the first place .
i swallowed the bile rising in my throat and tried to fix the f**king mess i 'd made by opening my mouth in the first place .
we 're not broken in the first place . ''
an even bigger mistake than accepting this assignment in the first place .
or why he 'd been naked in the woods in the first place .
and god only knew why she 'd left in the first place .
as i watched cynthiana start to heal with only the regular abilities that all vampires had , the final piece of the puzzle fell into place .
that was how i 'd been thrust into his life in the first place .
and if she 'd listened to him , she would never have been on that dangerous road in the first place .
she certainly would be , if she were he , though what she intended for nathanial was so much worse than that ... denise reminded herself that she had nothing to do with nathanial making the bargain with raum in the first place , but the rationalization felt hollow .
` ` cute '' had gotten my attention in the first place , but mature and handsomely devilish - looking would definitely keep my attention .
you baited her in the first place .
` ` you told us you liked the kicker for east in the first place , instead of the quarterback , '' she said .
i 'd been so thrilled when josh won third place in his boys ' division .
` ` the prize for winning first place in the competition is lessons with daisy delaney , right ? ''
` ` i won third place in the junior boys ' division ! ''
in front of us , the guy who 'd come in second place in the older boys ' division yesterday sped through the pipe , which was basically the bottom half of a tube buried in the snow - an enormous tube with eighteen - foot sides .
` ` you do n't know how mad i was at you in the first place .
who 's named frances in the first place ?
` ` but i did n't start this in the first place .
` ` you stole rachel from him in the first place , just to make him mad .
you were the one who told will about this party in the first place . ''
you should do what you were doing to get voted biggest flirts in the first place .
no , it 's because you ran for vice president in the first place .
` ` you 're sweet to come get me in the first place .
` ` is this all because i did n't say yes to your job in the first place ? ''
but when you did n't say yes in the first place , you made me mad , and i went and found something to hold over your head .
the more i did , the more he was likely to get in mine , which was how i 'd gotten in this mess in the first place .
why did one of you take one place and one of you take the other ?
i do n't know what he saw there - my stupid jealousy of molly , maybe , or my sense that he 'd betrayed me in confiding all this to her instead of me , when he and i had never been friends in the first place .
` ` why did you want to start flying in the first place ? ''
i would n't have gotten so angry at him in the first place if there had been less of him .
mr . hall knowing jake regretted it , and feeling responsible because he 'd driven jake to that point in the first place .
` ` then why did n't you tell me that in the first place ? ''
he wondered again whether she was southern , and tried in vain to remember what had given him this impression in the first place .
he could n't remember how raskolnikov had gotten himself into this guilt - ridden fix in the first place .
it 's tuesday , the awards show is on friday , and colton and lorelei both seem hell - bent on continuing along the path that led them to this mess in the first place .
but i was n't the one who was irresponsible in the first place .
i exclaimed , relieved , and almost angry that they 'd bothered to tell me in the first place .
` ` the trombones would still be badgering him about it , but if mr . o'toole had come clean and told drew he lost the election in the first place , he would have gotten over it . ''
like my dad trusted me when he told me in the first place . ''
nor is it ladylike to take such an interest in horseflesh in the first place !
in fact , he would not risk his job , his fathers job , and this country justice you mention for a girl in the first place .
that s how he d developed the muscles in the first place , but surely my grandmother had nt made him work for his keep all summer long .
but i d never intended to call him out in the first place , and i certainly would nt write another story about him now .
first place , seventh - grade math tournament .
first place , tenth - grade science fair .
` ` i did n't arrange all that in the first place , '' peter said quietly .
we always have to remember why we liked each other in the first place in high school . ''
` ` obviously you are , '' kaylee snapped , ` ` or you would n't be at the casino in the first place .
or being a cop in the first place ? ''
it was a wonder i 'd gotten all that out of dudley do - right in the first place .
that 's why they had a fight in the first place . ''
into the laughter , i asked , ` ` why 'd you start dating her in the first place ?
` ` meg , you 're doing exactly what you got arrested for in the first place . ''
just as i 'd told him in the first place .
not like this was a bizarre proposition for him to make in the first place .
was n't that why people vacationed in florida in the first place ?
that 's how you got so banged up in the first place . ''
if it had n't been for doug confusing me about my loyalties and priorities , i would n't have been mad at brandon in the first place .
we both sprang up , blinking under the dome light , as if we should n't have been lying down together in the first place .
' awards ' were going to be given out to the first , second , and third place teams of this event .
i was a little hopeful that i would be put on a team that did place , because more than likely whatever was in those award bags i could sell and have enough rent for three months .
` ` i believe my wife put some in the first place bags . ''
i dug through my first place bag , sitting on the grass in the midst of the lion security 's group where i had tagged along since there were so many ' unfriendlies ' in the crowd now that they all knew my face .
just around the corner , '' i mumbled , licking over his lips as my hands ran over his heated skin that was smudged with dirt from our first place win .
and odder still that kaiden thorne , who looked as fit and healthy as a young stud horse , needed a tonic in the first place .
and if you knew , how did you have the nerve to go there in the first place ?
why had he made such a ridiculous promise in the first place ?
` ` this was your idea in the first place ! ''
most of the vampires who resided here were n't very powerful , which is why they came here in the first place .
of course , if he did n't want her poking around , he should n't have brought her here in the first place , or left her to fend for herself !
trusting people was what had gotten him into this mess in the first place .
she wondered what had made him think vince was a vampire in the first place , then put the thought from her mind .
he 'd never wanted to date her in the first place .
in the first place , i still was n't sure how i knew ; in the second place , something told me i 'd be better off if no one else knew about it .
in the first place , i still was n't sure how i knew ; in the second place , something told me i 'd be better off if no one else knew about it .
` ` in the first place , we do n't know anything about him , and in the second place , he 's a shape - shifter , which means he 's not entirely human . ''
` ` in the first place , we do n't know anything about him , and in the second place , he 's a shape - shifter , which means he 's not entirely human . ''
` ` if i had n't been there , you would n't have been in that alley in the first place , and the man 's life would never have been in any danger . ''
was it that difference that drew him to her in the first place ?
was n't he the one who brought me here in the first place ?
` ` so how did she get down there in the first place ? ''
i ' m sure it 's the same story that brought you here in the first place .
why 'd i have to sleep with colt in the first place ?
` ` why is there a third place setting at the table ? ''
i ' m sure they 'd love to know what you were doing with yours to lose it in the first place . ''
she was one of the reasons i 'd joined delta mu in the first place .
i did n't mind - going out in the first place was a big step .
i think that 's more important than the fact that you did it in the first place . ''
that 's probably why she got messed up with that idiot tim in the first place . ''
` ` we were all trashed , but it had been my idea to go to that party in the first place .
it would be a smart thing to conceal the body - which was beginning to shrivel - but that had to take second place to removing bill .
if russell had just done that in the first place , it would have saved everyone a lot of grief .
saved my life , though when you thought about it , it would n't have been in danger if i had n't been dating him in the first place .
i had no intention of leaving an injured man in the path of whatever had injured him in the first place .
` ` someone who did n't want to become a shifter in the first place .
all this , for a vampire who did n't really need a kitchen in the first place .
` ` it would have helped if your ho of a cousin had n't killed him in the first place ! ''
` ` why were you here in the first place ? ''
i was only astonished that you married him in the first place . ''
barry was fuming at the disrespect he 'd endured , and he did n't even want to go in the second place .
` ` i asked eric to come here in the first place .
` ` in the first place , that 's not likely , '' thing two said .
if you had n't come up with this band - b idea in the first place -- '' ` ` i know , ` ` said philip .
later , going into the fourth round of the water - volleyball tournament , we 're in first place .
i know i should have prevented it from happening in the first place , but i did n't , so i made it to where it would never happen again . ''
not only that , but why in the world would you want to put him off in the first place ?
he would n't have had much of a future among your people , which is probably why he risked the service fair in the first place .
especially the left ankle , which was never damaged in the first place . ''
` ` that 's what got me into this in the first place , '' daemon muttered .
but he 'd known when they left grayhaven that theran wanted kermilla to rule and cassidy 's court would break when cassidy 's first escort , the man who had brought her to this land in the first place , walked away .
` ` how did this man manage to get his hands on khollie in the first place ? ''
and ranon did n't want him in the first place . ''
or would one of those warlord princes have honed his knife on her bones over something that should have been overlooked in the first place ?
unless it was their idea in the first place .
they should n't have been in this fight in the first place .
table , chairs , and a rug that had swirls of colors that had been muddied by age and dirt - or had been like that in the first place .
anyone who was blood probably made the transition to demon - dead and is now an enemy , and there must have been predators in the house in the first place .
she could n't thank luthvian for the hospitality since she 'd more than earned her keep while she 'd stayed at the cottage ... and had n't felt welcome in the first place .
` ` of course , if you 'd thought to put a shield around yourself in the first place , she could n't have landed a blow at all . ''
` ` then ... how did jaenelle create the illusion spell in the first place ? ''
because they never got to the territory in the first place ?
he may have yielded about letting you go in the first place , but if his balls still work , he wo n't let you go again no matter what your grandmother says ! ''
did he really expect her to buy her way out of a contract she had n't wanted to sign in the first place ?
and since she did n't know how she had made this link in the first place , how was she going to sever it so that her thoughts were private again ?
that 's what had drawn alexandra to the hourglass in the first place .
` ` whatever possessed you to tell her about it in the first place ? ''
she did n't need to be there , wasting her time on a thick - skinned , hard - headed male who did n't want her there in the first place .
he used craft to remain standing and cursed himself for a thrice - times fool for not activating the shield in the first place .
which was why lucivar had insisted that daemon come with him to arceria in the first place .
that told him more about her temperament than anything else she might have done - and also explained why this had happened in the first place .
if you lose your place , the counting will begin again . ''
it was the least the little bitch could do , having caused the trouble in the first place .
` ` we should never have started this in the first place .
you 're the idiot who got me in trouble in the first place .
in a way , it felt like the last piece of the puzzle had fallen into place .
` ` impossible woman , '' he muttered , straightening his tie and picking up the picture that had brought him here in the first place .
spells and incantations- '' one of the puzzle pieces fell into place .
another puzzle piece fell into place .
if it had n't been for you and scout- '' ` ` you would n't have gotten hit in the first place , '' he finished .
` ` and had i not been down in the basement in the first place ... '' i did n't finish the sentence , letting the blame remain unspoken .
the puzzle pieces fell into place .
you can bind the spells in the first place .
you had to have some kind of latent magic in the first place . ''
that 's why they took me to the sanctuary in the first place . ''
he 's the one who got you into this mess in the first place , and you 're talking to him ? ''
` ` and yet they let you into the club in the first place .
i was supposed to offer ethan my ` ` polite regarde , '' treating him with deference and respect and generally meeting his requests and demands with gratefulness that he 'd deigned to make them of me in the first place .
` ` it would have been nicer if you had n't been a jackass in the first place , but a girl always appreciates a nice dose of remorse . ''
henceforth , because you were apparently not doing so in the first place , you will consider yourselves representatives of cadogan house within the human world .
it was easy to help someone in need , but it would have been nicer if the need did n't exist in the first place .
no - a visit to navarre house seemed like one of those things for which it would be easier to apologize later than get permission in the first place , especially with a grouchy gp leader in the city .
she 'd have created a monster , and there was no point in grieving for something that never should have existed in the first place .
they were hurt because of me in a fight they did n't want to wage in the first place . ''
` ` sometimes i wonder why you do n't just ask me the questions in the first place .
but why were they linked together in the first place ?
her people bound dominic and the others into the maleficium in the first place .
it alowed us to remember what al the fighting was about in the first place .
` ` any other demons who did n't bond would have been puled into the maleficium in the first place and were destroyed when it was .
i ' m sorry it was taken from you in the first place , and glad i can return it . ''
this was one of those situations in which it was better to forge ahead and seek forgiveness later than get permission in the first place .
` ` should n't have waited so long in the first place , '' he grumbled , and headed into the kitchen .
he typically preferred a lecture about my having gotten into danger in the first place .
it was the first place hit , and i think there 's a reason for it .
she 'd done it to help , and because her magic had created the problem in the first place .
the first attack by harpies , which were n't supposed to exist in the first place .
puzzle pieces fell into place .
i probably should have advised him to do that in the first place .
` ` you do recall that i had to move into cadogan house in the first place because you invited catcher in ? ''
that 's what got us to the magic shoppe in the first place . ''
it was n't surprising at all he was very successful and opening a second place .
but what made it worse was that i could n't understand how i could feel the absence of someone who had never been present in the first place .
i could n't even remember what hurt in the first place .
` ` hell , i ' m the one who kissed jenna in the first place .
` ` i never thought it was you in the first place , '' i answered , shaking my head .
` ` i ' m the one who told her that in the first place . ''
` ` i was the one that lead china to you in the first place .
he was blackest of black , which made it harder for him in the first place .
after all , that is why you took this job in the first place , is n't it ?
i went from scheming up ways to get out of the situation i found myself in , which was between him and rosalyn , to lecturing myself about getting involved in the first place , and then it seemed i always circled back to the way it felt to be in his arms .
she should have listened to me in the first place .
i have no clue how she even got a license in the first place .
` ` why was she so suspicious of me in the first place ? ''
maybe they did n't lie , but if claire had n't bound him in the first place , he would n't be stuck feeling so damn much for her .
he ran now , having gained a better feel for the path , and the mind that had set up the horrendous obstacles in the first place .
nor did he understand why he went beast in the first place .
if endelle was right , if grace had been right in suggesting this scheme in the first place , then another kind of spectacle was about to hit the air .
but you ' ve never talked about your college years much or how it was you got sent to the convent in the first place . ''
what right did he have to bust thorne 's chops about the need for more dead death vampires - and what the f**k was he doing risking his life by attacking them in the first place ?
whatever thought had stunned the levitation power into existence in the first place now fled her , and she plummeted .
yet the reason for going there in the first place was .
she thought back to how she 'd gotten there in the first place and a very simple truth settled into her brain : pure vision .
thorne had made his confession about marguerite explaining that his sister , grace , shared marguerite 's cell , which also explained how he had met his ladylove in the first place .
then suddenly all the pieces concerning the attack at the convent fell miraculously into place .
not just because she resisted the idea ; she also thought it possible she would really struggle to learn the skill in the first place .
imagine what i felt having to ask for your help in the first place . ''
if he 'd known that rith would be knocked out of stride by losing control of the mortal - with - wings , he would never have agreed to julianna 's plan in the first place .
havily laughed because she did n't know where to begin except to wonder what had brought her to ask the question in the first place .
add to that a subsequent four months of having sex with him in the darkening , acknowledged or not , and connections had been forged between them that should never have been built in the first place .
he went to the safe in his library and spun the combination until the right tumblers fell into place .
other thoughts intruded , thoughts beyond battling , the reason he 'd left the warriors in the first place , the reason he no longer lived on second .
but what he really did n't understand was how greaves had found them in the first place .
* * * marcus took up last place in line to go into dinner , waiting until santiago completed his visual sweep of the exterior .
he 'd started this whole damn fiasco by pursuing her in the first place and all because at his first attempt , when he 'd caught her in the corner of her gallery that first night , she 'd told him to ' shove it ' .
she 'd never been happier or felt more fulfilled , as though life boiled down to this moment , to a deep connection , and everything else took second place .
the vision took her with ethan , something that made sense since his appearance in front of her at the prave had set the strange vision off in the first place .
in one sense , that was n't a bad idea since vampires gave her the creeps in the first place .
he 'd left his bed , not wanting to leave the woman , the human that which he should n't have been with in the first place .
` ` is she with one of the universities that she was allowed to be here in the first place ? ''
though he had to admit he was curious as to why she was at the hospital in the first place .
` ` and how did you get in here in the first place ? ''
she never would have married him in the first place if he were satan in italian shoes .
gwenna would get off on nursing him back to health , which would totally defeat the purpose of shooting the bastard in the first place .
see , this was what had gotten her in trouble in the first place .
that was what had attracted him to her in the first place , had made him forget himself .
but even more to the point , i would n't have approached her in the first place . ''
that 's why i came in the room in the first place . ''
it had been a mistake to leave in the first place .
otherwise , there 's no point in even having the laws in the first place . ''
` ` and i did n't leave you on the street dead because it was my fault you were there in the first place .
and why did she want topenetrate him in the first place ?
and i am sorry i ever met cara in the first place . ''
that should be ample punishment for daniel for taking cara and kelsey to the club in the first place .
he wondered briefly if donatelli was going to drink the coffee , why older vampires could drink liquids besides blood , and how the italian had gotten his status as major vampire player in the first place , before he became fully aware of what donatelli had even said .
` ` he 's the one who pushed me in the first place ! ''
it was no smarter than me going up in the first place .
` ` you 're the one who brought up that particular body part in the first place . ''
it had been a risk to come to the casino in the first place since it was likely they had ringo on tape , or had security on high alert because of the shooting .
his brain could n't seem to process why she was in her underwear in the first place , and he could only manage to defend himself with halfhearted blocks while gaping at the see - through red bra , her ni**les puckered tight against the material .
on why atelier had been banished in the first place , and what that might mean for now .
but then i had no time for them because riley finished the race in first place , looking barely winded .
because if you could look back on sex with someone and say it was like it had never happened , then it never should have in the first place .
she did n't even ask why i was in jail in the first place .
it rivaled flowers , stars , and hearts for first place .
that 's what i got for bringing up my butt in the first place .
ten minutes after he pulled out , it was like he 'd never had sex in the first place , but women were wired different .
how did benny even end up hanging out with you guys in the first place ? ''
` ` still does n't explain why katie is now a vampire and why benny was even with us in the first place . ''
following the man in the first place had probably been a fool 's errand , and the longer she stood out here , with people wandering everywhere , the more she could feel that underlying hunger building deep inside her .
bottom line , why had lizzie been here and how had she gotten that letter in the first place ?
i did n't mean to say anything in the first place and i can see what 's it 's doing ... you 're getting that look again . ''
your existence is confirmed by the fact that you can ask the question in the first place .
then why did you want to come here in the first place ? ''
why did you ever marry the putz in the first place ? ''
i never should have married beau in the first place . ''
because i would n't have a car to drive for one thing , after i got my license , or to actually learn how to drive in the first place .
it was her nature to be honest , which was why she 'd spoken up in the first place , but now she was left trying to figure out how to explain to boston that she was a cold fish , incapable of pleasing herself or a man .
it 's no secret between us i never wanted you to leave in the first place .
if ghosts really even existed in the first place and it was n't all some explainable coincidence .
no , she should have never left him in the first place .
he was perfectly content without one , like every person in america had been before the things were invented in the first place .
i should n't have brought it up in the first place . ''
you brought her here in the first place . ''
that was your idea in the first place , not mine , and i did n't really care one way or the other , so truthfully , i think it was your dream for me , not mine .
` ` if you do n't have faith , then why did we decide to come here in the first place ?
that 's what got us into this situation in the first place . ''
you should never have come with us in the first place .
but not as depressed as she felt about the idea of learning how to fly in the first place .
if i had n't turned you in the first place you would have died from the bullet wound .
she knew she 'd made a mistake to take the shot in the first place , but with all the pressure from her friends , she found it hard to resist .
he never wanted you to leave in the first place .
this is why i left in the first place - the distance .
` ` why was she alone with him in the first place ? ''
he always said to fight for what you believe in , to never give up and never forget why you believe in the first place .
~ bing people are exes for a reason , and when i look into the pleading puppy dog eyes of my ex , heidi , i wonder why the f**k she was ever in the position to become an ex in the first place .
it was dumb as fuck in the first place .
she was never near me in the first place . ''
hell , her stubbornness is what put us here in the first place .
you ca n't cure a broken heart with anything but the love that broke it in the first place .
` ` you do feel - you must have felt to go in the first place .
i will never understand why you took it in the first place , not when yvette mayfair offered you a job in her restaurant . ''
i ' m so f**king scared of what i was avoiding in the first place .
` ` you could have just said that in the first place , you know ? ''
` ` you should n't have been here in the first place , so just forget you ever came . ''
ajaya was the one who 'd told stella about the code in the kanga cloth in the first place .
then remembered why she was here in the first place .
i probably should have called them in the first place , but i cut so many ties when i left the search and rescue field ... '' she shook her head , frustrated with herself that she had n't thought of the cops and fbi agents she 'd met during some of the more high - profile rescues .
right back in with the osi and whatever made liam haul her out of there in the first place .
or never left in the first place . ''
and her heart was shattering over relinquishing a child that had never even been hers in the first place .
she did n't understand the why s and wherefores of anyone knowing about her presence in the first place .
it was safer that way , especially when she was still so unsure about the reason for the attack on her , on ted and madison , in the first place .
she also did n't like to think about why he 'd made the choices he had in the first place that led him to hide out here .
god yes , which is why he did n't understand why he 'd done it in the first place .
except if she had been up - front with him from the start they would have never even been here in the first place .
he should have guessed that right away , since fear of misty leaving had driven sunny up this frozen hell on earth in the first place .
rex scanlon loved his dead wife , and livia did not intend to compete with a ghost or settle for second place in any man 's heart .
as an undercover nsa agent , he had been instrumental in the undercover op that had got chuck out of turkey in the first place two years ago .
` ` what was it you were doing out there in the first place ? ''
of course that was the very reason the military had n't wanted him in the first place .
webber had never pushed the button in the first place .
that 's the reason we started here in the first place . ''
this was n't denial , damn it , because she refused to believe it was true in the first place .
a big part of why he 'd chosen the guy in the first place .
` ` you were only saying what you thought , which i wish you 'd done in the first place . ''
something he damn well wished seabrook had done in the first place .
he , however , had lost too much of himself over the past five years to be a better man , when he had n't been enough for her in the first place .
he issued instrumentation updates , keeping himself grounded with his reason for being here in the first place , to check up on paige haugen and her daughter .
she was the last woman he would choose to sleep with , given the mess a year ago , and no doubt he would be last place on her list .
except that did n't explain why kirstie gave seth and vic the slip in the first place .
luckily the storm that had sent them into the cave in the first place was likely keeping the bad guys away for now .
talk about a freudian slip in buying the thing in the first place .
she should have stood her ground in the first place .
other than not come to him in the first place , but then that was as much his fault for closing the door between them years ago .
not that they 'd ever really dated in the first place , just shot straight from pals to nonstop sex .
where had the whole name request come from in the first place ?
as always , the commander finished in first place .
if she were a gambler , she would bet he had n't even been the one to place the call for a flight surgeon in the first place .
` ` stupid , i know , since i set the boundaries in the first place .
why had he ever agreed to this in the first place ?
she 'd existed that way her entire childhood , with an unsure future , holding second place to her parents ' jobs .
besides , right now she was getting more details than she 'd ever imagined from lydia mccarthy , and pieces were finally starting to fall into place regarding paul and the money .
was n't that the reason i came back in the first place ?
why did he come to see you in the first place ? ''
` ` if it were n't for me , none of this would have been set in motion in the first place .
add to that the location , which made him uneasy in the first place , and kevin thought he had a good argument for switching to a private doctor in a suburban hospital .
` ` is it possible to come close if you never intended to marry in the first place ? ''
we blamed ourselves for attempting to get it in the first place .
mike listened as all the pieces fell into place .
that 's why he came to the baines ' house in the first place .
you never wanted to be here in the first place . ''
he 'd go back to the solitary life he had n't wanted to leave in the first place .
it 's not like she told you the location in the first place , '' sam reassured her .
` ` what made you discuss it in the first place ? ''
` ` but erin told me you helped them find where your sister was hiding out , and she said you came to town in the first place to warn her and cole .
his stomach churned , for more reasons than why he 'd argued with cara about it in the first place .
macy was the one who 'd told him why he could n't go out looking to run into nicole tonight in the first place .
it 's harder to get trust back than to win it in the first place , '' mike said .
she still did n't know where she 'd gotten the courage to walk into that restaurant in the first place .
` ` i 'd say your attitude about her brother is what put you in the doghouse in the first place .
after all , was n't that why she 'd ended her marriage in the first place ?
but even as faith explained , she already knew what a mistake it had been to walk away from them in the first place .
he can handle himself and you know that or you would n't have gone into hiding in the first place .
for letting jason 's kiss breach defenses she should n't have to raise in the first place .
that was , after all , the reason he 'd hired annabelle in the first place .
here was the man who 'd prompted her transformation in the first place .
we 're in first place going into august .
she 'd been blindsided , given alcohol she had n't asked for , and damian never should have let her set foot in lacie 's in the first place .
most importantly , as a team the renegades had won this past series at home and they were still solidly in first place .
was n't that the point of protection in the first place ?
your mouth is what got you into trouble in the first place . ''
coming right after the game when the renegades clinched a place in the postseason , damian fuller announced his permanent leave from the game he loved .
` ` so how did you end up working at the retirement community in the first place ? ''
i had a few of the guys in my classes , which was how i 'd even known about the party in the first place .
and was n't she the one who wanted us together in the first place ?
plus , i did n't get hurt when it ended , because i 'd never really wanted it in the first place . ''
what was it about that picture that caused you to drop it in the first place ?
why had n't i just said that in the first place ?
hell , he was even lucky someone had invented the cell phone in the first place , thereby heralding the demise of the pay telephone so that they 'd had to walk four blocks before even finding one - though he could n't imagine why selby would n't have a cell phone herself .
` ` so why did you become a teacher in the first place ? ''
but he 'd been able to do all those things in the first place .
he just hoped when it did , everything fell into place the way it was supposed to .
` ` but considering the fact that you 're the owner and ceo of the company you work for , why should you feel compelled to put on a monkey suit - or go down to your office , for that matter - in the first place ?
his thoughts were so scrambled by now , he was n't sure what he 'd intended to do in the first place .
` ` and how exactly did avery get involved in the first place ? ''
now opus wanted her to exploit the reputation she 'd never deserved in the first place , the rep she 'd spent a decade trying to escape .
he was n't sure , though , why he 'd gone on heightened security in the first place .
bad enough it had happened in the first place .
actually , it would have been better if they 'd never strayed from their code - name basis in the first place , he thought .
most guys would n't have had the gall to cuff her in the first place .
and why the hell was she even thinking in terms of the two of them suiting each other in the first place ?
not that chuck seemed to understand the purpose of a belt in the first place , since the guy 's pants exposed half his ass .
` ` i did n't know you had it in the first place .
but then it 'd probably never been there in the first place .
he glanced away from his sponsor and over to william greaves , the reason he was here in the first place .
` ` why was he looking for you in the first place ? ''
why do you think lord noakes set it alight in the first place ? ''
` ` if he 'd just told me that he 'd gotten the pendant from his uncle 's house in the first place , he 'd be alive right now . ''
megs remembered the matter that had sent her in search of her sister - in - law in the first place .
he truly did n't know because he never would ' ve gotten into a discussion like this in the first place with clara .
why did you marry me in the first place ? ''
it must be truly terrible for a man to marry when he never wanted to in the first place . ''
it 'd only been chance that had set him in her path and her own perhaps overlarge sense of right and wrong that had picked him up and saved him from the mob in the first place .
he 'd only been in the opera house in the first place to change into his ghost costume - covent garden was much too bright and populated at night to arrive as the ghost .
mr . o'connor bent , his mouth lightly touching her ear , and murmured , ` ` well , and why did n't ye say so in the first place , darlin ' ? ''
` ` and how did the vicar find out about the babe in the first place is what i ' m wonderin ' . ''
` ` whyever did you bother acknowledging her in the first place , then ? ''
come to think o ' it , a traitor might be how the vicar found out that she was hid at the orphanage in the first place . ''
` ` aye , and if i could leave me silence alone , none o ' this would ' ve happened in the first place . ''
` ` yes , my lord , or perhaps never truly bought in the first place . ''
ca n't think why lady pepperman married him in the first place . ''
he 'd lost hero , would lose his mother to london , never had a chance of reconciling with thomas in the first place , and nick , his dear friend , was dead and buried .
why had she sent him away in the first place ?
` ` why have you sought the company of this man in the first place ? ''
as if it had never disappeared in the first place . ''
i did send you to his castle in the first place . ''
assuming , of course , that she wanted to linger in the connubial bed in the first place .
it may not even have been growe in the first place .
was n't that what she wanted in the first place ?
well , why had n't the silly man said so in the first place and saved her all this embarrassment ?
it was as if he 'd suddenly lost something that he 'd not fully been aware of wanting in the first place .
but since the headache had only been an excuse in the first place , rebecca did n't feel any guilt about not following orders .
if he stopped , then his reason for running in the first place would be false .
` ` i was just pointing out that ... '' she trailed off , not even sure why she 'd gone on that tangent in the first place .
no , the real threat came from whoever had launched this unforeseen assault in the first place .
painting himself with a heroic brush was n't exactly luke 's cup of tea - more like sully 's style - but since he was the one who 'd opened the door to this discussion in the first place , he could n't really complain .
luke might claim this was n't about her , but she was the one who 'd tipped him off to that shipment in the first place , and if she could offer something of value to the mission , then she was damn well going to .
` ` you should n't have picked up in the first place . ''
the smile faded as she remembered the reason they 'd met with blanco in the first place .
` ` they 're the ones who wanted blanco dead in the first place .
he could n't abandon his men , not when he 'd been the one to convince them to take on this mission in the first place .
` ` perhaps this alien - human connection is what spawned that term in the first place . ''
i still did n't understand why she had insisted on coming with us in the first place , but i was n't going to push her .
it 's why they 're in this mess in the first place , why they had to abandon their own ravished planet to begin with . ''
i honestly could n't understand why he was n't with her still , why he had broken up with her in the first place , or why he continued to choose me over her .
` ` if anyone made it home , i 'd have to say they probably wished they 'd never left in the first place .
daniel 's probably a good part of the reason you agreed to come here in the first place , '' sam guessed .
rose made a face at him and turned away without arguing , which , in his opinion , she should have done in the first place .
if you 'd listened to me in the first place , none of this would be happening . ''
you never would have existed in the first place .
if jaimie had n't written the program in the first place , it would be virtually impossible to even get close .
` ` we could do what i was going to do in the first place , mack - go to the newspapers , put it on the internet . ''
someone had to have been paid off at the prison to make the switch in the first place , and he had to create a third identity .
no civilian could manage to wipe out law enforcement records - unless there was never a photograph in the first place .
he did n't even know how they 'd gotten started in the first place , only that he would never be sated .
he had money ... she pulled her hands away abruptly , another piece of the puzzle falling into place .
he snagged a towel , furious that he 'd ever agreed in the first place .
unable to bear that they even existed in the first place .
it was exactly how she 'd given herself away in the first place .
` ` she could have equipment ready after the fact , but you can prevent disaster from happening in the first place .
if that 's why he 's doing this ... ` ` ` ` you 're here because you 're carrying his child and he never wanted to walk away from you in the first place .
the first number was six and dropped easily into place .
if so , well , that was one of the reasons for having the motorcycle in the first place .
it 's why we agreed to the enhancement in the first place .
` ` was it necessary to tell her i was here in the first place ?
mostly things that have to do with submarines and new weapons , things they should n't have in the first place .
riley noted that dax did n't apologize for having broken jubal 's arm in the first place , nor did jubal seem to expect him to do so .
` ` that 's what you wanted in the first place .
but if she was a bff in the first place , eventually she 'll come around . ''
once he took care of his little leftover problems , everything would fall back into place .
with illegal immigration at the top of california 's hot topics , having a possible illegal as the first lady of the state was carter 's ticket to second place .
` ` why did he change in the first place ? ''
although , now at least it makes sense why dante has a security team in the first place .
if she ever had them in the first place , which is highly , highly debatable .
is it possible that your judgment might be clouded because you 're jealous that nate was with reece at the beach in the first place ? ''
for the simple reason that it was there in the first place .
you look like you ' ve lost weight and you did n't have it to lose in the first place . ''
i did n't want to be here in the first place , and now i ' m f**king stuck here .
i did n't want this fake little bubble that we ' ve built here to burst ... even though it was never real in the first place .
tren and the other footmen would have returned to blackmont hall when she did n't come out of mrs . throckmullins 's boardinghouse ... if they had n't besieged it in the first place , looking for her .
the earl slid his companion a dark look , but woodmore was n't certain whether it was because he took offense , which was bloody unlikely , or because he did n't want to be here in the private apartment at white 's gentlemen 's club in the first place .
that 's why lucifer came to us with the offer in the first place .
` ` how does he think i got here in the first place ?
it 's probably what 's gotten him in all this trouble in the first place .
it 's partly what drove me into austin 's arms in the first place .
i mean , how would anyone have ever settled in these places in the first place without fresh water ? ''
and now you 're telling me that i never should have bothered in the first place , and that apparently , i ' m the coolest girl in school . ''
` ` because you never should have given me one in the first place .
does this mean he never wanted to break up with her in the first place ?
` ` should n't a - bought it in the first place ! ''
` ` i think the better question is why would you even marry me in the first place if you did n't know me ? ''
not that i even decided to in the first place .
if they 're old lady shoes , they should n't be in your closet in the first place . ''
not that there was much sense there in the first place , but at least i used to know north from south .
i do n't want to work here anymore , not that i really did in the first place , but it 's the principle of the thing that keeps me here arguing with cro - magnon man .
they probably should n't have ever gotten involved in the first place .
the last puzzle piece fell into place .
the former seal had been the one to convince drew to join the eod in the first place .
at the time , he was the dominant one , no doubt the one to push for the murder in the first place .
` ` why go to see you in the first place if she was just going to pretend with you ? ''
was n't that why she 'd gone to that bar in the first place ?
the last piece of the puzzle fell into place .
is n't that what the program wanted in the first place ? ''
` ` do you know how i ended up in the program in the first place ? ''
a final place .
miller 's mom was never crazy about lacey in the first place .
` ` my parents are the ones who sent me to the program in the first place .
the problem is that cheaters exist in the first place .
` ` we should have never stopped sos in the first place . ''
maybe that was how he 'd found out about sos in the first place .
and why were you with him in the first place ? ''
i was never with him in the first place .
my father is the typical california surfer , and i ' ve often wondered how he got paired up with my mother in the first place .
he says that santo should n't have left me alone in a dark parking lot in the first place .
in reality , nick had n't hired derren in the first place .
he never wanted the position in the first place . ''
but then , trey would n't have knocked in the first place .
it 's what drew me to you in the first place .
that 's how he ended up with an arrow in his back in the first place .
he 's also the one who had interviewed all of us and chosen us to come here in the first place .
i was trying to ignore the fact that it was chase who had suggested scrum in the first place and just focus on the fact that dardennes had agreed to it .
it 's what i should have done in the first place .
` ` why do n't you ask him why he was in here in the first place ? ''
` ` who 's the fourth place for ? ''
it was my fault he was here in the first place .
it was your dumb idea in the first place , remember ? ''
she 'd suggested planting them in the first place as a potential money crop .
` ` i really liked the second place .
is n't that what christian found attractive in the first place ?
` ` i ' m sorry it happened in the first place , baby .
sometimes things take longer to fall into place but those are usually the best things in life .
do you know what it took for me to get him in the first place ? ''
it was your intelligence that gave me vazquez 's brother 's name in the first place .
` ` i ' m sorry i did n't tell you in the first place , cale .
it was her light that saved me in the first place .
i never thought the birth of my child could ever be topped , but i did believe this day just tied for first place .
the truth was i did n't even know why i was there in the first place .
the lion , the witch and the wardrobe had been demoted to second place .
meeting later is what got them into this predicament in the first place .
cece being sick was the point of our being in the pediatrician 's office in the first place , and this was not a christian way to behave .
` ` but if meg were n't sick in the first place , she would n't have been in that man 's crosshairs , '' sue says , looking imploringly at joe .
the file indicated the two voices speaking , their background , and why we 'd sought a title three in the first place .
how did he handle coming in second place for that long ? ''
considering only one jinn knew of its existence in the first place , white found the tomb undisturbed .
` ` it is your fault i have to do this in the first place .
` ` it was my fault you were caught up in this in the first place . ''
ari paled at the reminder that she was the reason this was all happening in the first place .
i wanted to scream at him - demand to know why he 'd f**ked everything up in the first place , and then stuck the knife in deeper by bringing another girl to the place we 'd planned to come together .
since my flatmate did n't like anyone asking if she was okay ( she usually responded with something sarcastic that made me wish i 'd never bothered to be concerned in the first place ) , i ate in silence .
considering it had taken two of carl 's wives to help her in the first place , she was n't all that surprised she needed extra assistance .
it was big enough to allow light but would provide difficult egress for an adult , especially without a ladder to get up there in the first place .
` ` because maybe there 's nothing here at all in the first place . ''
i should n't have dabbled in the first place .
` ` why did you go there in the first place ? ''
and tessa was too smart to push on something she knew she probably should n't have heard in the first place .
` ` you were the one who thought this was too dangerous in the first place . ''
it was because of them i was in ohio in the first place .
` ` and that 's almost as bad as her leaving in the first place .
but sydney was his friend too , and he still felt guilty for her loss in the first place .
to get to them , i needed to move around unseen , which was n't easy but was actually easier than getting out of my room in the first place .
but i need access to its more basic parts - like where the gas comes from in the first place .
` ` but even if that 's true , do n't you think they 'd wonder how it got broken in the first place ?
a few other girls were in contention for second place and suddenly grew more frenzied in their attacks .
i was squarely in third - except there was no third place .
it was the girl who would ' ve been second place who spat out a series of obscenities my way .
how about they just do n't throw them to the goddamn lions in the first place ?
so that the people , razgut understood , would n't wake up one morning and realize where the blame truly lay : with the magi who had dreamt up the faering in the first place , and had chosen the best of their young folk to see it through .
as if they 'd never been here in the first place .
maybe i had dreamed the whole thing , and teren never came in the first place .
the red riders in first and third place try to block her , forcing her between them .
gemma 's horse suddenly pulls ahead in a burst of speed - right into first place .
then , he goes around to each of the other riders , collects their green sashes back , and hands them a red one instead , silently acknowledging the second place finisher 's win .
` ` how did you get me here in the first place ? ''
and i was still feeling guilty about getting him hurt in the first place .
he did n't want me to live in the dorms in the first place , so this will be another addition to his list of reasons i ' m not mature enough to handle going to school in new york . ''
` ` and as for just how you happened to be here in the first place ... '' at this juncture we were interrupted by a discreet knock on the cabin 's door .
` ` why do you need the medicine box , and why did n't you ask me in the first place , instead of bumping around like a bee in a bottle ? ''
i explained about the scar on ishmael , and the almost matching brand on the slave temeraire , without mentioning what had given me the idea in the first place .
` ` putting aside the question of how he died - what in god 's name was he doing in the mountains of north carolina in the first place ? ''
` ` or if i have , it was n't ever going to work in the first place !
everyone who recommended him to me in the first place did so by reason of someone else 's recommendation , it seems .
according to others - several of howe 's staff among them - howe had never been apprised of this plan in the first place , let alone consented to it .
and he did n't want to be here in the first place . ''
i thanked him and went on to the second place .
` ` what are ye doing here in the first place ? ''
they 'd never have been there without him in the first place , but he knew that as well as she did ; no point in rubbing it in .
` ` as though anybody 'd want to be a - going there in t'first place ! ''
` ` you never bothered telling me she was seeing him in the first place !
the pieces fall into place : haley freaking about fighting , about dating a fighter , then how hard she 's fighting me now .
i could n't say that i blamed them , no matter how much i still resented them for ever spooking me in the first place .
but richelle 's why i applied in the first place , '' i confess .
maybe if she had n't been drinking and driving in the first place , maybe if she had fought harder to stay medicated , maybe if she had left my oblivious and selfish father before it all had reached this point , i would be able to buy into her regret and shame .
if i knew the answer to that i would n't be in this mess in the first place .
but then , like the first domino in a long line , one telling puzzle piece falls into place and kicks all the others over .
i couldn't - i just knew that i couldn't - survive losing him again , even if i 'd never really gotten him back in the first place .
she did n't even know why she came home in the first place . ''
you 're the one that got her in this mess in the first place .
` ` people overlooking your flaws for your whole life is what got you in the position in the first place .
` ` your idea of a good time got you here in the first place . ''
it struck me that i 'd simply like someone who did n't attract drug dealers in the first place .
tate was n't like that , and she had never encouraged him to join the military in the first place .
it was that damn smile that had won me over in the first place .
maybe it was what i had expected , and that was the reason i had n't told aaron in the first place .
i was the one who pushed you to tell them who i was in the first place .
i 'd had no interest in attending the concert in the first place , so i 'd been going over the calculus lecture from yesterday in my head while i sipped on my beer .
they 'd been surprised since i 'd insisted on going on the ski trip in the first place , but they had n't complained .
she 'd offered to go with him to the meeting , since she was the reason for the dui in the first place , but no one else was allowed inside .
she was the one game piece that did n't fall into place .
` ` why would i ever want to hide liz in the first place ?
he was the one who had wanted to hide their f**king relationship in the first place .
` ` oh , and kissing your boyfriend in front of me and bringing up airplanes in the first place was n't unnecessary , liz ? ''
he had been the one to spot his girlfriend being looked at by brady in a way that he did n't particularly like in the first place .
that was the reason she had left in the first place .
` ` i had n't been planning to call you in the first place , because you told me not to and i wanted to respect what you wanted .
five places .
she did n't want me to go there in the first place so that , on top of what she saw as a betrayal ... ?
the keening , the mournful call that had brought him out here in the first place .
she had nothing more to give , and even she knew she 'd had very little to give in the first place .
and why the hell had n't she done what she should have done in the first place and just given ed nicholls back his stupid roll of money ?
forget i ever married francis in the first place . ''
if i 'd thought you could n't handle this , i would never have got into it in the first place . ''
you 're the man who brought this crap into my house in the first place . '
' my lord , if my learned friend is stating that the girl you left behind was a looted painting at berchtesgaden , then the burden of proof still falls on the claimants to establish beyond doubt that this painting was actually there in the first place .
there was another cheer , and the announcer 's voice came over the tannoy : ladies and gentlemen , an emphatic win there from love be a lady , there in first place , followed by winter sun , and barney rubble two lengths behind in third place .
there was another cheer , and the announcer 's voice came over the tannoy : ladies and gentlemen , an emphatic win there from love be a lady , there in first place , followed by winter sun , and barney rubble two lengths behind in third place .
i ' ve dealt with plenty of punk athletes in the past who are resentful that they have to do schoolwork in the first place .
knowing that mom has only a couple of reasons in the first place to want to see me , and both of them suck .
this is how i knew i was pregnant in the first place .
i do n't understand them , do n't understand how they fell in love and decided to marry in the first place .
` ` you 're the one who was lying out here half naked in the first place .
` ` it was her suggestion in the first place . ''
she should have never been here in the first place , '' elliot replied .
i got behind the wheel of my car with no business being there in the first place .
i roll my shirt back down , suddenly embarrassed by showing myself in the first place .
however , i do have an interest in what brought you to edinburgh in the first place . ''
` ` the first place is at the park . ''
she 'd gotten me into this mess in the first place .
i wanted to yell at him for interfering and telling knox i was a virgin in the first place , but faced with the awkwardness of the conversation , i chickened out .
i 'd forgotten that was the reason i 'd called in the first place .
too many puzzle pieces were falling into place .
it was getting late in the baseball season and sox fans were starting to get nervous , hoping to either place first in their division or win a wild card .
drake had a bigger bag which i could only assume was the sandcastle tools that they had gone after in the first place .
when i was thirteen , i entered an art festival in town and actually won a hundred dollars by coming in second place in the art show . ''
i hated every second of it , regretted ever agreeing to do this stupid thing in the first place .
then i was doing what i had meant to do in the first place .
i probably should n't have let him kiss me in the first place , but once those sinful lips touched mine , i was gone .
why the fuck was n't she with him in the first place ? ''
` ` why were you even here in the first place ? ''
they should never have been apart in the first place . ''
` ` em ... '' i tried to stop her , to explain that there was nothing for her to be mad about in the first place , but she stopped me by turning to face me .
linc was tied for second place as my best friend in the entire freaking world , lana being my second bestie too despite having only met her when she first moved to new york for college a few years ago .
it was for jordan 's safety that she had ended things the way she had with liam in the first place .
and she was now standing less than a hundred feet from me , talking with layla thornton , emmie , and some short - haired brunette who looked familiar but i did n't care enough to try and place .
but it was n't just her hair that had attracted me in the first place .
i never should have made it in the first place .
how the hell did you get in here in the first place if you were nt ?
but why did they try it in the first place ?
how did you get in my head in the first place ?
you should nt have accepted it from him in the first place , ahab .
how did mortals get into cognitia in the first place ?
the birdsong is what led him to explore this area of the cliffs in the first place .
chapter 4 : despair were off the gridthats how we ended up down here in the first place , she said .
truthfully i was nt sure how i was able to move in the first place .
was she even going to give me over to the authorities in the first place ?
as much as i did nt care for someone helping me toilet , i was glad that i had control over my bowels and bladder in the first place .
there are enough vascular connections within your dermal covering that make connections with your biologically intact digestive system that eventually make contact with your cerebral matterwhich is how you got drunk in the first place .
i ve got jane here to thank for getting me out of there in the first place , and your husband andy to thank for making sure i did nt die , rolando said .
the five of us literally jumped up and down in celebration together in the big lab as the final piece of code fell into place , and the whole mass of it did nt fall apart .
jabba says you do n't have to crash it up , but first place is not good for business for you .
with first place secured , i opened a window on my hud to display the reaction of the crowd .
if they did n't cheer for me now , there was no way they would be cheering for me when i came in second place .
why did youtrust noah in the first place ?
she had responded that the north had no business being down there in the first place .
but how could one articulate ones upset when one did nt know what was going on in the first place ?
i am usually the first to admit when i can not figure something out so i must admit that i am baffled as to how the thief accomplished so much , or even got into the tower in the first place .
brask would not have even taken druzeel along in the first place but graeak had paid him well to take the kid with him and he was nt about to turn down the extra coin .
the way i understood all of this was that should i agree to do the second run , then it would be virtually impossible to visit the same martin , as they did not know where they sent me in the first place !
` ` how did i ever get involved in this in the first place ? ''
it was aquariuss fault he came to this place in the first place .
why did you make the journey to my reality in the first place ?
the one who told her about when prophecy fails in the first place .
he was surprised to have seen her in the first place .
the rotavarian chief had paid a welcome visit before they had left that filthy desert planet , courtesy of whosoever had sent him on his mission in the first place .
it was the very reason constantine lesper had invited him here in the first place .
why do you think they banned them in the first place ?
i do n't understand ; why do it in the first place ?
but if you would choose to remain here and turn a blind eye to the slaughter of innocent women and children , then you do n't deserve to live in the first place .
you re in the first place well come .
there must be a reason the ship was adrift in the first place .
as he surveyed the suddenly desolate ops he remembered why he had put himself forward for promotion in the first place .
well , i think you d have to be blind to miss it , he admitted , giving a wide , friendly smile , and i think we had established that your prettiness was why you were sent to sydney in the first place i mean , right before the attacks .
the toss pot politicians who screwed it all up in the first place .
getting through the mountain is impossible , which is why it was chosen in the first place . '
as the evening progressed , the result that took shape was a surprise to pretty much everyone , and by the end of the night , we knew that the tories had gained enough seats to form a new government , and the lib dems had been butchered , knocked into fourth place by ukip .
the fire was enlarging , but why was it there in the first place ?
we did nt really give you a chance to speak in the first place .
why do nt i just take grace with me in the first place ?
you did him a service by smuggling him over the border in the first place .
if peter and eli even agree in the first place , blake said .
had it not become so complacent the black would never have allowed the humans to make their home here in the first place .
' now daisy has thought for two hundred years and is wondering what it was she wanted to think about in the first place that was so important at the time .
yeliseevs been on a regional tournament this year and took second place !
a dome - shaped ceiling with the celestial map attracted the boys attention in the first place .
if they loved them in the first place !
what the hell was he doing here in the first place idiot !
with the appearance of winston and the subsequent concentration of nearly all the towns residents into the rex vicinity , the pieces fell into place .
and where would we find it in the first place ?
i never wanted to fight in the first place ... fascista pointed to jack and quincy .
eli could smell urine and cigarettes , spilt drinks and spoilt food , but under that there was another , foreign smell he could nt quite place .
but then if a boy like you was going to make sensible decisions he would nt have ended up here in the first place , she said .
my only advantage was having not been spotted in the first place .
as a matter of fact , it is this very cursed homework assignment that ends up bringing our young izzian klowosky to earth in the first place .
an entire group of klesians believe it could never happen in the first place , and skip over any news relating to the telescopes , leaving the apocalyptic theories to the professional lunatics .
since the twins never lock their back door and the journal belonged to eliza in the first place , he 's rationalized that it wo n't really be breaking and entering , only entering and retrieval .
it 's probably my fault that it happened in the first place . ''
` ` perhaps the rudimentary telescopic devices were a bad idea in the first place .
the group stood before the empty viewport searching for a clue that the shuttle had even existed in the first place .
this is how i got into this predicament in the first place , '' born grumbled .
` ` well , it is against regulations , and it is how i got into this mess in the first place , but it may be the last chance i ever get to go for a swim for the rest of my life , so i say yes . ''
but i guess if you think its going to crash , you do nt get on in the first place .
after a mile , wilson traded places with eliott , taking on the dangerous rear position .
his dad had smiled and said , ` ` son , i never wanted to beat you in the first place , and i certainly did n't mean to beat you that hard , and i ask that you forgive me . ''
` ` aw , '' grayson thought , as he squeezed his trigger and dropped one zombie after the other , ` ` the world has certainly gone to hell , and this plague is our gift for letting it get this far in the first place .
at this certain factions within the city , ones that had fought against the decision to destroy the machines in the first place found their voice again and claimed that their argument against the destruction was justified and they had been right all along .
it makes me wonder how the keepers came to lose such devices in the first place , or perhaps they hid them for some reason , perhaps they hold such power and knowledge the keepers deemed them better to be hidden away somewhere .
what he really wanted to know was how did they know the location of earth in the first place ?
i was never that strong of a believer in the first place , adam offered .
your two captains were quite effective in convincing us that the pirates never did have the core in the first place .
though with her ability to teleport like she did he wondered how she could even have been caught in the first place - a question he thought he might ask her when they got angela back and were safely home on earth .
deep within his mind , something fell into place .
and the girl , the girl ... he felt he knew her from somewhere and then somewhere far back in his mind something fell into place .
that 's how she had come to be captured by the suited men in the first place , she was n't in control of herself and had blundered into a perfectly set trap .
grace laughed quietly , ` ` no you do n't , otherwise you would never have opted to track this virus and the planet destroyers in the first place .
that s how the wall went up in the first place .
why did they attack us in the first place ?
as if they had any idea how they even got there in the first place .
grollers do nt exactly forget these facts , because they never learn them in the first place .
14th entry date : 337/63 location : mother ship after two days of searching the entire surface of earth , we have concluded that the cooler is no longer here , or was never here in the first place .
you did n't even know we had it in the first place , i replied .
the sheer , unconscionable , non - stop , never - ending accumulation of pure , useless , never had to exist in the first place , garbage .
you got us into this in the first place !
how did they find you in the first place ?
but just one of those kisses would make her yours assuming she s attracted to you in the first place , of course .
she was nt sure how grateful she was supposed to be , because she suspected that they had something to do with the whole disaster in the first place .
if i had stopped them from being killed , everything that led directly from their deaths would nt have happened , including my being sent back in time to interfere in the first place .
his family were gone , as if they had never existed in the first place .
that 's what we came here for in the first place -- right ? !
wait a sec , i interrupted , why would you leave your apartment in the first place if it was safe ?
her heart sank as all the pieces began to fall into place .
he knew he never should have taken that job in the first place , it had never felt right to begin with even if the payoff had been a stack of hard coin high enough to make him forget such hesitations .
and with that the president rose with the confidence and determination that had gotten him elected in the first place .
attacking the russians was a desperation move in the first place , now the chinese were fighting the russians on one front and india and pakistan on their southern border .
why would the chinese attack the russians in the first place , general , when they were supplying them with food ?
the pilot was a veteran , which is why he was sent for the general and his very important passengers in the first place .
while many teams had been trained in the proper operation of the suspension chambers , the conyers were in fact the ones who had invented them in the first place , and without a doubt in the coming months their continued efforts would be indispensable .
it had to be at least a thousand feet high , moving like a mountain of blue ferraris all vying for first place .
what do those men want with it in the first place ?
wellit should never have started in the first place , but that s beside the point .
if they did nt restrict our lives there would nt be an underground rebellion , you d never have allied with us , and you d never have been searching their systems in the first place .
how are the guardians going to get everyone onto the trains in the first place ?
it was never my choice to be here in the first place .
they felt as if they had just won a place in the usm against all the countries and were rubbing it in the other countries faces a bit .
for example : how did mel exist in the first place ?
that would explain how the suicidal terrorists got it in the first place .
that is why chorst had requested a sample drill in the first place ; to get bonus points with frek .
he had not wanted to look up bennu in the first place .
she did not even understand how tamarax station had been found by me in the first place .
that 's why they have the star in the first place .
and is n't that what we ' ve brought it here for in the first place ?
every year the first and second place teams from the year before play an exhibition match in the first week , to kick off the school year as it were .
nizhoni and i did a far better job than anybody expected in the science project , and we got first place did nt we ?
the gamma site data is known to six or seven decimal places ; the sidereal time is correct to nine decimal places .
the gamma site data is known to six or seven decimal places ; the sidereal time is correct to nine decimal places .
do nt try for first place .
i look forward to watching zack on earth solidly capture the first place position for zack in real life .
heck , the curb crawlers and beat walkers all managed to find secluded areas for illegal sex , how hard would it be to find somewhere to test his powers , if they existed in the first place .
but what had been the point of the explosion in the first place ?
if he had acquired his ability of controlling the winds when hit by the bombs concussive blast , perhaps these were the two that had set it in the first place .
but the second place , he could nt put his finger on it .
and if they had nt blown up the building , there would nt have been a need to follow them in the first place .
at least he d spent time with her in the first place .
though he was nt entirely sure why it had been bad in the first place , having had a good time and all .
he is currently the only person to have knowledge of how the powers were created in the first place .
he knew he was over acting in the first place .
that s what were actually trying to prevent in the first place .
that you were invincible and finally all those complicated pieces of life had just fallen into place .
its less cluttered than when we entered the wormhole in the first place .
i mean , i dragged them into this mess in the first place .
its the only reason shed be down here in the first place .
it would ve been real interesting to watch what happened , what brought the historical figures down here in the first place .
she s the one that started this mess in the first place .
getting hold of unmodified bracelets in the first place is very easy .
over the next six battles , keryn wound up in last place two more times .
tomorrow she would improve upon her performance until she eventually took her rightful place at the top of her class .
and we now , were started to rethink our previous decision to bring you here in the first place .
he held his head in his hands in exasperation as he absorbed the ache of the reality of the events that had taken place .
it still burned at him to let those two go but if arbiter was involved at all , even by allowing it to happen in the first place , then he deserved to be held accountable .
for that matter it never should have happened in the first place if you d simply done what you were paid to and arrested this fool .
` ` they were n't brought to him in the first place , which is a serious discourtesy and breach of desert protocol , they lied that they came seeking passage - dissembling by others is n't encouraged in our lands though we do it well ourselves .
she nodded slowly , the memory of why shed come here in the first place coming back to her like the first streams of the wash . not that i mind , but why are you camped out in my bed ?
you know how he got shot in the first place ?
the fact that it had been her fault he needed treatment in the first place was neither here nor there .
still she felt bad that shed forgotten to make him aware of the weapon in the first place .
he had nt really wanted to be involved in the first place .
his expression was pained , angry , and georgianna wondered who exactly he was angry at , whether it was the adveni , or taye for getting them involved in this in the first place .
it was because of his hatred for the tribulation force ( whom dangchao also assumed were the original 144,000 tribal members ) that this had happened in the first place .
it was the next day , in the cool morning light that jo remembered why she had come to this hill in the first place .
it is as if all the components had been faulty in the first place .
at least we now know that these machines must still be unsuspecting in terms of our visit here and are still under the misapprehension that we are the advanced visiting party , of the species that sent them here in the first place .
did he say anything about why and how he got out there in the first place ?
the sector generals private spaceport had no permanent staff ; dylan had been conscripted for duty here today much as he d been conscripted into the sector generals service in the first place .
what promised payment had motivated them to make such an alliance in the first place ?
why did your ... professionals ... leave her on the beam in the first place ?
that s why they d taken the trail in the first place .
maybe god is going to save us , or maybe god caused all this in the first place .
you brush me aside as if i was some mewling sycophant.^ she paused for a moment , reflecting on his treatment of her after his competition with the meta in castiliad , the event that sent her home to averil in the first place .
he frowned having no memory of how he got from the hedge garden to the bedroom in the first place .
he heard from the queen ` ` peter , you made the mess in the first place so you 're fixing it .
it does n't matter what orders it is as long as they treated me the way i wanted in the first place . ''
he glared at the bartender who spoke in hammarabbi ` ` i ought to foot your seat for not admitting to that fluent ability in hammarabbi in the first place .
besides i figured you and your people would react negatively if i said anything about being fluent in hammarabbi to you in the first place .
he started talking to me from time to time after you sort of got me carrying in the first place .
we never should have rested in the meadow in the first place .
it did nt even have a place in your class .
you ca nt make things better unless we keep them from falling apart in the first place .
if i had listened to them in the first place , laura would be alive and home .
start with the place with the list .
sister louise was one of the ladies that caused bert to bring up this subject in the first place .
it looked different somehow , though in what way he could nt quite place .
that s why we paired for so long in the first place , defying conventional behavior .
i thought it was neat too ; its what attracted me to this particular patch of wisconsin in the first place .
korliss ignored the question , so sevrik plowed ahead , saying , korliss , how did you know that our project was missing in the first place ?
the thing that strikes me as absurd , said didi , is that we needed these undeveloped , buffoonish , power - hungry children in the first place .
i could nt afford a child , didi would nt have a chance at changing the system , and you could nt have gotten into bed with the entertainers if we did nt have power in the first place .
and since we outnumber our captors more than four - to - one , i think the most difficult battle will be standing up in the first place .
by giving up a single ship you do nt even want in the first place , you could build a gambling enterprise that would have money constantly pouring out of it .
and with my scar , well not that the law would have helped in the first place , i was nt rich or anything , but after that , it was out of the question .
do you even know why they kicked you out of your home in the first place ?
` ` good idea ... that 's what imhotep did in the first place . ''
why did nt we just think of that in the first place ?
you made the plan that got us all here in the first place .
my attention had been too focused on whether or not they would come with me that i forgot all about getting into the bunker in the first place .
it 's almost as if you had never seen any in the first place .
trickle - down economics was exposed as a farce as the wealthy continued to hoard their wealth , which is what had defined them as wealthy in the first place .
more than a few rats were sneaking little items into their carts that did n't belong there in the first place .
they did n't dictate us getting to them in the first place .
furious at them for not telling , and furious at myself for asking in the first place .
` ` your family money got him in office in the first place ! ''
` ` and that is why we have punishments in the first place , jacob .
` ` and i knew you never really belonged to us to give away in the first place . ''
i mean , it makes me angry , because the script had chum going to ben in the first place .
they should nt have had a broken machine in the first place .
chum , take you place , its breathing greatness time , beth insisted snidely as she strode back to her mark , smiled to the crowd , and slowly turned to face chum .
how did it get inside her in the first place ?
as close to one as i can calculate , point and then all nines to sixty - four decimal places .
why did you leave earth in the first place ?
and that s provided you can draw him to you in the first place !
ca nt you go back and stop us finding erebus in the first place .
if i knew i was risking a broken eiras neck , i would ve insisted in the first place , she sighed .
not only would the sniffers have caught any infection present in the lab and isolated it , but untrained personnel like miss connelly would never have been allowed into dangerous areas in the first place .
` ` if the world could predict who the villains and heroes were going to be , the crisis would n't exist in the first place . ''
it all came back to who knew about the bacteria in the first place .
he waved a hand toward the map , ` ` these places are all lost , as if they never were found in the first place .
how had he become a lawyer in the first place ?
they were excited by his words , and reminded of why they supported the university in the first place .
shrugging , she said , i had to find out if you even had the glove in the first place .
heres the thing- or what i knew of it at the time because i forgot to ask dr . sparks just how it worked and also why it was there in the first place .
i knew it was nt a great idea in the first place but after using one- i know .
but i got the speedvan from oprah in the first place , back in wales .
if somebody had been noted as a talking fruit in the first place .
it almost made him regret having invented them in the first place .
you often place the most minor thought out of place we all do and this leads to grave misunderstandings .
on the few occasions when the stalking travellers did fulfill their task in catching up with oprah , it appeared to be a form in the wrong time well , the wrong age , really often resulting in there being the same spaceboat twice , occasionally causing paradoxes paradoxically near - impossible to fix , and eventually leading the whole team to give up that set of futile tries in order to just contact the sacred quack and ask him to give them the precise co - ordinates for the location , time and state of being in which oprah and the humnian musicians first received the spaceboat ( which the space chicken , fred jr him keeping his theoretical and metaphorical head held higher than the rest and encouraging them with his optimistic outlook and michael rowland daffodil all vouched they wished they should have intended to ask in the first place ) the answer to which was , quack informed them after much ridicule , on ool , 85th quinquomber 2042 , several centihaca before dave , crazy dave , clint , clein , the space chicken and fred jr had arrived to be given the now - useless speedvan , all in the increasingly hated location of wales .
after all , they had been given in by oprah in wales in the first place , then it had been taken again by a past version of her , last time they had pressed buttons on the fez .
if you managed to make it here in the first place there must be a way to get back .
when i was five , i could name every bet you could make , win , place , show , quinella , exacta , trifecta , superfecta , pick 3 , pick 6 , daily double , jackpot .
oh and by the way louis has you ever thought about whom or who , started this circle growing in the first place , it might not just be a natural occurrence you know ?
you could get into a world of problems , and into worlds that you would not understand or should be in , in the first place .
you know come to think of it digger how did it get into this robe here in the first place ?
molly you even asked once about how it got there in the first place that time at the rock quarry , a few days or so before walpurgis night .
so great fairy circle tender what were you thinking having us eat those awful mushrooms in the first place ? ''
without his courage to knock on that door in the first place , maybe no one would have ever found out about that terrible place , just a thought . ''
why had i been on shoful in the first place ?
in the first place , heaven do nt curse anybody ; and , in the second , it is too just to inflict pain where pain is not amply deserved .
in the first place , i would say to myself , there may or there may not be supernatural beings , who , from some physical derangement of the ordinary nature of things , make themselves obnoxious to living people ; if there are , dn them !
to keep this supposition to ourselves , in the first place ; to guard it most zealously from the ears of flora .
jason was wondering how they got it into storage in the first place .
well why ring us in the first place ?
i mean no one was going to mention how they had nt come up with this in the first place , and the technicians tried to be positive about earthen technology and then suggested how to make it better .
well how did you lose this technology in the first place ?
it had been science who had made the bad people in the first place .
he figured that they probably had nt been able to pull it together for the jump , and may not have even heard the coordinates in the first place .
my primary purpose for intruding into your home uninvited is to place before you a proposition that if successful , will most definitely ensure the further existence of the human race and also avert a likely assault on the further freedoms , if not survival , of my own race .
being beaten into second place by a dull woman and her no - hoper husband .
if our parents were so useless , why is it they always made the big discoveries and you had to consistently settle for second place , outside the limelight ?
i would have rathered you had nt got either of us involved in this charade in the first place !
what was kate borrowdale really doing on kratos in the first place ?
ispa had built its outer colonies command hub there ( at 65z ) , on the surface of the sea , without knowing a thing about the creatures who d erected the dish in the first place .
there s no prize for second place .
the fact that he had tried it in the first place meant he had been at the palace for far too long .
` ` you would n't have to save the day if you had n't ruined it in the first place .
the two were complete opposites on every conceivable level , which was perhaps what interested ethan in the first place .
if it were nt for angela and her father , he would nt have a tie problem in the first place , and hence he would have no glasses problem .
how was he supposed to fix something that should n't have happened in the first place and was nt his fault ?
and is n't that what dark had wanted in the first place , to drive dooley to the reservation ?
then everything falls into place .
there s crisis and danger here that i had nt expected , or i would nt have brought you here in the first place .
in the first place , you ll be dead ; dark will kill you , and small bear will get everything he wants anyway , as long as fenster gets his split .
in the second place , why would he fall for such a juvenile thing ?
he has already done so in the past and the general had little doubt that he could repeat this feat , which was why he was there in the first place .
how he came to be infected in the first place chan frowned , lost in thought .
why this interior hatch would need a lock in the first place , i had no idea .
thoughts jostled into place ; years , months , days , until she began to slide down an unmarked crevasse .
there was nt much of it to deal with in the first place , but if the federalies thought she smelled contaminated , they d make her go through a decon shower , and that was the last thing that she wanted .
none of this would have happened in the first place if they d actually taken the time to train their fucking personnel .
how had she or milo let such inexperienced operatives out in the field in the first place ?
its not like he could do any worse than the assholes that had crashed into her crawler in the first place .
they were surprisingly soft , smelling of wood smoke , sand , and something she could nt quite place .
chapter 16 the room smelled as old as it really was , but the fact that they had a real , functioning hotel room in the first place was fairly amazing .
look buddy , i do nt know who you think you are , but we do nt let a lot of bitches in here and show them this kind of hospitality in the first place , but we especially do nt deal well with rudeness and bullshit .
you know that as well as i do , or i would nt even be here in the first place .
she had to put on that little show back there just to make herself feel good , but she would nt have ever let us in here in the first place if she did nt really need our shit , she said .
only problem is , were going to need access to the dome so you can get in contact with sanchez , and i assume we still want to kill xed and try to prevent all of this in the first place , argon said .
i did n't bother worrying about whether they had the correct elements in the first place .
they were really cool ` ` villains '' but why would they eat stars in the first place ?
so the charcoal is not just an element of the chemical reaction but also the physical substrate which permits the reaction to occur in the first place .
so where did it come from in the first place ?
and a great big thank you to glenn and risa neiman for putting the wheels in motion leading up the book signing in the first place .
not having a radio in the first place is so wild and out there and it made the inherent drama completely organic .
here is the actual exchange when omcom admitted that rei was correct in the first place : i was infected .
whether it was one hundred decimal places or one thousand , it had been his experience that a gaussian distribution was called a normal distribution by the humans for good reason .
the simulation showed him that to have used his original style , to predetermine the likelihood of rei showing up at the station , required no less than one trillion decimal places .
rei never felt the loss because he never had a bloco and stilo in the first place .
they knew the colonists would turn up eventually but it was their lack of imagination that prevented them from finding the gigantic ark ii after the crash landing in the first place .
why did the vuduri establish an outpost there in the first place ?
nevin remembered it was just such a need that had brought their alliance about in the first place .
it bothered him that he resorted to it in the first place because he still thought it was not magic at all , but displacement of energy in some form , and his mastery of it was hit or miss .
now , as for you erick langer , i have received word that you have committed a crime far worse than whatever landed you here in the first place .
what was he doing on tharnon in the first place ?
though he did well getting past them in the first place .
the image of her suspicious ted floated into her mind and she smiled as the pieces fell into place .
beth ignored him , partly blaming him for giving her a gabber in the first place .
no silo was expendable or why go to all the trouble of building the silos in the first place .
back in his own rooms , he showered the exertion off , but felt good about having an honest stink in the first place .
this mishap on the road home was hopefully the last of a long line of mishaps that led him to be here in the first place .
he tipped the cabbie a few bucks , although he did nt want to because of how mad he was at having to take the cab in the first place .
that was what had got humanity to this place in the first place .
sabrina had only been a victim of this bizarre form of psychological discipline twice before , and were it not for the immobilizing nature of the word in the first place , she would have shrieked upon feeling that brief yet torturous chill down her spine .
you were the one who directed my vessel towards the river in the first place !
right , but i d say the secret is more like the surreality of a beings knowing what it is about its own brain that lets it contemplate that brain in the first place .
anyway , you know how you just knew where that room would be in the first place ?
its hard to imagine not having empathy in the first place .
mind telling me how ya knew where to find me in the first place ?
why was marshalls doomsday device in livingstons basement in the first place ?
if i were to guess , said uriah , i d say the answer to that mystery has something to do with what you probably called me here to talk about in the first place , governess .
my faith tells me creations like you are what got us all in this cesspool in the first place !
this was the reason they had imprisoned him in the ice , in the first place .
` ` if we want it in the first place . ''
i guess that 's why we came to orbit it in the first place . ''
and who built the factory in the first place ? ''
` ` is there any right thing to do in the first place ? ''
is that not why you want me to drive in the first place ?
what even made you think that was a possibility in the first place , maura ?
i was more worried about being thought of as dangerously ill in the first place .
why are there guards in the first place ?
i stopped in my tracks , my laughter ceasing quickly as though it had never existed in the first place .
we all know that she was young , and she should n't have been watching him in the first place , eli ...
we give them everything they need and remember , they were not so happy on earth in the first place .
they should also look at their processes to find why the pages had not been included in the first place .
butbut if she did nt have helphowd she get it up here in the first place ?
that s why were even in this predicament in the first place .
he had seen some of the movies available through back alley sellers , with their low resolution , gaps in the story line or no story line in the first place .
but the brotherhood was tiny by comparison and there were nt all that many portals in the first place .
he knew outright denial of information was not possible , but there were subtle factors that would prevent such questions arising in the first place .
i hope that none of the adventure had never happened at all in the first place .
thankfully i had remembered the turns to leave the building , or to where i was in the first place .
i do n't wear the lab jacket anymore , and i ' m not sure what happened to it or why i was wearing it in the first place .
of course we would prefer to help guide the project and avoid any issues in the first place , but we also realize that may not be possible .
if he could do that one thing , then everything else would fall into place .
< [ 43 ] > renzo could n't bring clearly to mind the first days of his captivity they were perhaps lost permanently behind a wall of shock - fog that had prevented details from properly registering in the first place but his head was beginning to clear enough for him to notice his surroundings , and start to make some sense of it .
trevin motioned renzo into second place , and brought up the rear .
gradually , even a skeptical dr . garb became certain that ellen had been right in the first place .
in the first place , i ' ve been told that this bus has never actually been flown .
in the second place , the ra and maybe the national police will probably be after us .
` ` in the first place , we do n't know how to land yet .
` ` in the second place , '' continued bates , ` ` there 's nothing to sort out .
in the third place , the ra have been after us for the last 24 hours , and they probably still are .
flood was utterly ecstatic at the turn of events that had taken place over the last few months and hours to make him a member of the b - team .
` ` frankly , '' confided carbuncle , ` ` we have n't figured out yet what gave it its strength in the first place .
how had the bus gotten from the phoenix area to utah in the first place without being detected ?
he certainly had n't even been able to avoid the dannos problem from developing in the first place , even though he had seen it coming and desperately but unsuccessfully tried to stop it .
` ` yes mark , and you should indeed be worried ; that 's one of the reasons i gave you that watch in the first place .
dow seemed just a bit odd , in some way that he could not quite place .
i suddenly wanted to get away from there , as the place was disturbing and i could n't think of any reason to be there in the first place .
this is why he agreed to your idea in the first place , because i 'll be with you .
her eyes reminded him of someone elses , though he could nt at that moment place whose .
although one of the most beautiful places on earth , kauai was nt the first place on shawns list of places to live .
all this is why i got into applied physics in the first place .
as there was no mention of a woman in any of the reports , he concluded dr . evans had eluded them or not been on the yacht in the first place .
who and how was anyone controlling so many , as they were not easy to fly in the first place .
strife is the only common thread between our two races now , the two purest life forms on the planet each fighting to preserve something that never should have existed in the first place , ones racial dominance over the other .
alton walked toward the opposite wall with a hand extended , why did nt you say that in the first place ?
what about the analysis of the signals that brought us here in the first place .
you would nt have been in the chair in the first place if it had nt been for me .
each has their place .
it really was n't any more awful than cutting the leg off in the first place , and they could just add it to the clean up with the rest .
` ` i think this is the part where you apologize for putting me in a difficult position in the first place .
if we peck and scratch and ignore the neighbors that need help , then what 's the point of a having a town in the first place ? ''
what brought you to us in the first place ?
he had gained the colonels permission to engage in some number of military sporting events , the one thing that had led him to serving in uniform in the first place .
awkwardnes substituted for the normal grace of his movements , and he leaned into the table like a man who wo ndered how he had gotten himself into this mess in the first place .
` ` if this place is so bloomin ' rich in resources , how come it was abandoned in the first place ? ''
it occurred to him that his supreme mistake seemed to be dealing with humans in the first place .
brynna said , and if joe was lacking his usual pizzazz , brynna seemed to have never possessed it in the first place .
not to climb up there in the first place .
but maybe a man who so easily resorts to assault does nt really want kids in the first place ?
this just pulls it back one step to the point of preventing the fuck up in the first place , rather than making us all try to fix the fuck up later .
that s why they walk into the snares in the first place , right ?
not that his mind was made up in the first place .
and since it wo nt be someone from her own pack , since she does nt have a pack it sounded like he thought they should nt ve rescued her in the first place .
to be perfectly honest , she had n't really come here to ask him about lee ( she was n't really sure why she was here in the first place ) , so she did n't have a list of questions to ask him .
and why were you talking to harms in the first place ? ''
now he could see her take the stage to accept first place .
why could nt you do this in the first place ?
he and his gun were gone , as if he had never been there in the first place .
i do nt understand why i was taken - in in the first place .
paul did nt even know that the town had them in the first place .
yes , its our guide , but its not going to feed us or keep us warm , well if you had put gas in the car we would nt be in this mess in the first place , julie said .
management interest declines or was n't sufficient in the first place , employees note the disinterest and the logical result is that the schemes just simply fade away .
that had us scurrying around checking up on your statistics and confirming what you had already told us : namely , that these were our own sales and marketing people 's opinions in the first place .
` ` well , i am pleased to hear that , '' interjected jeremy , ` ` although at the same time i have difficulty in coming to terms with the revolting horror story you have depicted , and which makes protective care attempts a necessity in the first place .
is n't that what i came for in the first place ?
actually , maybe the speed limit is n't pathetic given the fact in the first place that the whole country is obnoxiously overpopulated , and given the fact in the second place that they ca n't afford to build a road system capable of safely handling the resulting volumes .
and thirdly , how do brits manage to overfill their petrol tanks in the first place ?
no way was i going to tell them this was only possible because the company was so badly managed in the first place .
i am highly pissed off , to put it mildly , at being followed in the first place .
or even be voted into them in the first place .
these religions also have their own ' prophets ' , some shared , some not , whose preaching was what created the religions in the first place , and why they came into existence .
` ` well , why did it start weeping in the first place ? ''
i do n't have the required information to reject the possibility of anything at all , nor to query why anyone might want to create anything in the first place .
it could be possible , but again , i do n't have the necessary information to understand how something which did n't exist in the first place could then explode .
why do the fouror sixnatural phenomena of nature exist in the first place ? ''
the big mysteries remain unsolved including the unanswered question of where did those prokaryotes come from in the first place and how did they manage to come into existenceon earth or anywhere elseif they did n't exist before ?
which was exactly what was already under way , albeit with a well - nigh insurmountable condition attachedgetting our birdbrains to agree on something in the first place , and in the second place getting them to do something about it .
we should n't have rented them in the first place .
a year , of course , was what i was prepared to pay in the first place .
i suppose that jeremy could have prevented it , but he would have needed to recognize the danger in the first place and maybe he had n't .
if he wanted to protect us , then why destroy the world in the first place ?
this was all my fault in the first place .
the instability of this section of the belt is what got them looking in the first place .
it was nt bias that determined the spots - it was their swimming ability and reasons for applying that determined their success in earning their place .
there s a lot of competition and only limited places .
the experiment was repeated so many times that the conclusion was probably more certain than anything else that was known in the whole of science , but that was what was necessary because of the humans ' reluctance to believe it in the first place .
the asteroid belt was possibly once a planet , but it was so close to the sun that it was ripped to pieces from the gravityeither that , or the gravity was so strong that the shrapnel was never even afforded a chance at becoming a planet in the first place .
it was as if an actual human had traveled forward through time and promised to grant their fondest wish using the secrets of the lost genetic sciences that had uplifted cats and dogs in the first place .
soon after leaving qevon decided to ignore his fathers advice and go place with the kids on deck 20 .
first , i did not notice i was getting on the metro in the first place .
then , there were the popcorn lipoproteins that had helped cause the problem in the first place .
the rule for taking guns away from the common citizen is probably because of people like me in the first place .
they were all ready for a long night of conversation , which was after all the point of the symposium in the first place .
in the first place , we ' ve made a category error .
if you have to distort the order of words in a sentence , say something out of place , or in any other way work too hard to fit a rhyme in your poem , you are probably writing a forced rhyme .
he had obviously paid no attention to her argument in the first place .
` ` and in that case , she would scarcely be a jhan priestess in the first place .
the real thing can wound you terribly regardless of your mental state , but only if you have the ear to hear it in the first place .
the academic poets do n't even write love poetry in the first place .
` ` no new poet is original in the first place , '' said tioch , ` ` though they all try so frightfully hard .
we can talk shit all day long about how the standoff had escalated to a point where it was them or us , but it should nt have even happened in the first place .
the guy who let us in here in the first place has volunteered to stay and act as your hostage for the time being .
for hook , the shock of the news came due to the fact that he did nt even know kylee was married in the first place .
they should nt be here in the first place .
anyone callin themselves a marine who ran was nt a fuckin devil dog in the first place .
um , how do you think we ended up eating this cake in the first place ?
what was the point of telling her in the first place ?
people will respect you for it , and my guess is that 's what got you picked in the first place .
making dalton question why he 'd come along in the first place .
he pointed to the one god then to the group standing surrounded and then pointed to the wall of trees behind them probably where they had entered the clearing in the first place .
are you all so quick to forget that it was him who got us all banished from paradise in the first place ? ''
he hated the creatures that his ancestors created and he hated his ancestors for creating the gates in the first place .
however , to be fair , he did fall out of the sky to even get here in the first place , and katelin was certain that she would n't survive a fall from the clouds .
` ` then why did we make it in the first place ?
because sister roberta , sys and sarah were still trying to figure out how the rocks came to be in the first place and the obvious source of information , purple , had no idea about this phenomenon , seth did n't think to share the unusual occurrences with the visitors who were now staring at the show , stunned and pinching themselves to make sure they were n't dreaming .
seth found purple harmonies especially jarring when they jumped at her unexpectedly in the middle of a sentence and often wished she could go back in time and not enable this exasperating fad in the first place .
in doing so , everything else will fall into place .
so to charles , she was no better than the people who hurt her in the first place , he had nothing but contempt for her in his heart .
i halfway wonder if there 's actually anything in there in the first place .
or that you knew there was a source in the first place ?
after all , she agreed to go out with you in the first place , right ?
if there really was an invasion by a species smart enough to get here in the first place then i do nt think that me telling anyone is going to stop them or deter them .
otherwise , you would never have had the balls to come out here in the first place . ''
` ` the best interest of sondranos was getting rid of the belovores in the first place ! ''
if you ca nt do that , do nt get into a fight in the first place .
maztars unit , tu-5 , and alanns unit had often traded places on the leader board .
considering the limitations , she thought it best to avoid being shot at in the first place .
but if there had been a time before the caves , why had they gone into the caves in the first place ?
howard had never intended to capture her in the first place .
i am your average soldier , big muscles , brown hair , and stupid enough to enlist in the first place .
simply what was mine in the first place , jacob .
there were categories , place cards , and charts .
keep ignoring the teeth , you ll wind up last place end of the year .
i wonder how young gloomfire found that way past the guards in the first place .
maybe there just were nt any here in the first place .
she never had to hunt that ned in the first place .
` ` aside from not jumping in the first place ? ''
it was a brave man who would date a woman with three failed marriages and two children in the first place reminding him of that fact was probably unwise .
zara would say that the point of having power is to prevent those things from happening in the first place .
i have n't really decided that yet , but there must be some way back if we got here in the first place . ''
cherry hesitated as he remembered the event that landed them in this position in the first place .
` ` they never expect anyone to come here in the first place , '' aki said .
in fact we do nt know which direction they were traveling in the first place .
my mind raced , my piss had retracted and i had completely forgotten about my reasoning behind leaving the room in the first place .
bartholomew is in second place .
dirk received the first place victory due to his talented telekinesis from you .
you would n't even be aware of it if i had n't called you in the first place , for christ 's sake . ''
if i recall correctly , you did n't want to come along in the first place , and if you want to leave now there are plenty more cars just laying around waiting to be taken .
she almost regretted asking him in the first place .
then she admitted she did n't really have a plan in the first place .
i ve lost the ability to intimidate siah , if i even had it in the first place .
that 's why we had to use your ship in the first place . ''
that s why we are here in the first place .
he just wished moricron would have been more diligent in protecting the interstellar vessel in the first place .
and i must admit that i do feel envious against you for not having thought up such an awe - inspiring supposition in the first place .
i must apologize for not being clear - cut and to the faithful point in the first place .
the time it would take for them to trek back would be greater than the time taken to get to the plane in the first place , and the canyon was arguably closer .
there was something about her that drew him in , he could not explain it , just something he could not quite place .
adam was unsure whether he should be glad that he exceeded expectations or to wonder whether h - bs expectations had not been all that high in the first place .
i was originally supposed to fly you down here in the first place , but was not given enough notice to escape my obligations , he explained .
it was no easy task getting over in the first place .
on reflection however , he could nt see how to get them round the lump of armour in the first place , and then he was nt sure if they could hold it anyway .
that s why were here in the first place to prevent that happening .
magen could only imagine ariot had found them in the first place , by some clever innovative use of the human eye .
his tortured feelings were nothing compared to their suffering , it had been a self - indulgence to go to janessa in the first place .
i wonder how he got on the ship in the first place ... magen mused , i suppose armour is a fairly simple solution to that again ... yeah , something like that , yicle said , we should probably chase up on that ...
that is easy , saarha said haughtily , no one expects them to be pointed in the first place .
to him it merely seemed a confirmation that he should never have extended himself that far in the first place .
perhaps ignorance only seemed attractive , there had to be a reason he had departed from it in the first place not knowing what knowing meant ?
but why had she run with them in the first place .
i cursed myself for having accepted it as a fact in the first place , and could see jane was feeling uneasy .
there are other things there too , beings which were never human in the first place , the dread in the middle of the nightmare .
mop up pitcher for a fourth place club .
the games were exciting since the team was in first place and would probably go to the playoffs .
other instruments accompanied natalie : suella could hear drums , a keyboard and a type of horn she could not at first place .
rian waves my honest reply away and says , he 's not supposed to be in your room in the first place .
he wondered why the peculiarity happened to him in the first place .
still , there might be room for a fruitful discussion with jeanne rougier on mao 's utilitarian party - line approach to art : all our literature and art are for the masses of the people , and in the first place for the workers , peasants and soldiers .
confused , charley lost his place in the card and then resumed .
we are here to pick up somebody , to get him released ; one of the inmates , a good man , a man who ought n't have been incarcerated in the first place - he has long been a friend of mine !
i do nt know what i was precisely thinking in the first place when i asked that to you .
what can you do in the first place , busiku ?
and who was rango in the first place ?
he put the jeans on and pulled out his smartphone , finishing the third place finalist far too quickly .
i dunno how xaos got it in there in the first place .
if gas ca n't travel through space , how did these things get here in the first place ?
maybe my hard - drive was softening but i extracted lots of things from it tucked away for decades but saved and available like the line - up of the unbeatable st louis cardinals with their sluggers - row , the pansy philadelphia athletics , hitless wonders , guided by ancient connie mack , a gentlemen so a loser , into eighth place , year after year .
she also said she did nt understand the business about telluric waves in the first place .
or had harveys final voyage the one that had monopolized his brain for decades and maybe even motivated the time - machine in the first place had that final voyage been just to this blur before blackness ?
well , that was all he wanted in the first place .
why had she even sent him here in the first place ?
if he 'd been thinking properly earlier and not letting his fear control him , he would not have entered the valley in the first place .
things would probably make more sense , should she have done that in the first place .
epigraph i demonstrate in the first place , that the condition of man in his most natural state is nothing else but a mere war of all against all .
he opened his eyes again his thoughts began to fall into place , slowly making sense of things .
it was n't a wise decision to come here in the first place .
october 2014 statistics from the world health organisation ebola cases : 8,000 + ebola deaths : 4,000 + percy plinkton , 15 , 2nd place essay competition winner , from his essay entitled mother nature : a firm hand it seems every year there is a new disease that spreads amongst the populations of the world , and it is only a matter of time before the real deal hits our shores , and that will mark the end of the human races dominance of the earth .
why did you even follow me in the first place ?
i would nt have been in that situation if you had nt have left me there in the first place .
by the time he got there , steffor had learned something but often forgot the original question that got them on the path in the first place .
we have been friends for years and i was nt too excited about my mission in the first place , but then when i figured out that you were involved with taking out the gamma faction guys that was it , he said .
besides that was why he had so many troops on this base in the first place , they were there to make sure he could make his escape if need be .
critias attached a letter of acclaim for whoever took credit at rat central for training daniels in the first place .
you brought me back from a voyage to the past , without ever sending me there in the first place ?
how do we know that my going back like this does nt cause the outbreak in the first place ?
if i did some evil to her , it was bringing her to life under these circumstances in the first place .
that s what woke her up in the first place .
the young man did nt want to ask koris if they could go home seeing as he had insisted on coming in the first place .
that explained how they had heard the cries in the first place .
flick had not come out his room yet and koris doubted the boy was sleeping in he doubted the boy had slept at all that night in the first place .
i doubt he approves of you buying an olympian in the first place .
then again , it leads me to ask why your parents named you andromeda in the first place .
and , more importantly , why did nt she tell me about it in the first place ?
olympians should not have been designed to have implants in the first place .
i know , and dubq , koris said with a slow nod , but the energy from the debate was still running through his veins , but it was nt exactly nn de information to confide in w in the first place .
he did nt understand nikhitas desire to move to this planet in the first place , yet he doubted it was due to the scenery .
given the same set of toe measurements , the first scientist would counter the toe length is within modern human parameters and that if the other scientist had attended a reputable university or been of higher birth status , he might have noticed this in the first place .
i do n't know whywas n't that the purpose of our experiment in the first place ?
in fact , it was your father who was part of the contingent responsible for the terraforming technology which caused the planet to begin shifting in the first place .
what concerns me more , though , is what drew sam to me in the first place .
we were the ones who charged that thing in the first place . ''
it never occurred to josef to ask why praetner was so interested in molly mcbride or how he had learned of gaia in the first place .
i would n't be surprised if it 's all your shifting that attracted the authorities to gaiacorp in the first place . ''
in 2010 she won first place the newmarket / aurora districts community living poetry contest .
which is probably because they do n't know where they are in the first place , said alaric blithely .
how did you get here in the first place ?
now he was n't sure it was a gunshot in the first place .
` ` they were the ones who lost it in the first place . ''
did he even steal anything in the first place ?
it also gave them something to talk about in the first place .
but was nt it cafca that had hired professor golden and professor sura and all the others in the first place ?
i hoped it would find its way to you deke , as it should have in the first place .
` ` how did she find you in the first place ? ''
that s the whole point of our mission in the first place .
we 'll come back to that but let 's consider the absurdity of the deucadon 's situation in the first place .
first , i needed north america because i needed the tevatron so that 's why they were there in the first place .
but what good would it be putting the ibbrassati there to be wiped out if there was n't an asteroid in the first place .
the weaponized virus units were a direct result of their malleable programming in the first place .
this is n't really a plot hole but many people do not understand why the stareaters ate stars in the first place .
it required energy to go into space , energy that could have been preserved if you were up there in the first place .
entry 2 - 142 : may 17 , 2014 a girl spaceship first of all , how can a starship have a gender in the first place ?
he rounded up millions of effector units and created a spherical shell around a sufficient volume of ordinary memrons such that he could analyze the pooled units to a value well past the third decimal place .
i still do nt understand why we do nt use plan b in the first place .
trying to change history back in her mind was probably even more dangerous than what jeff did in the first place .
i did nt feel bad in the first place .
thirty - five , forty decimal places ?
when i started , i was working 250 decimal places in .
had i thought about that in the first place , i might ve added it to the strategy .
remember , if dexter had nt been trapped in the past , i never would have been involved in the first place .
` ` in the first place , that letter says that only a one month trial appointment is guaranteed , then a monthly reappointment will be done after that , if your performance satisfies the local school board .
in the second place the letter from the giants ' rest school board does n't even say what salary they 're going to pay you . ''
` ` and in the third place it says that they 'll provide free housing and food to us , '' mary pointed out .
he was an excellent first baseman and left - armed pitcher , who had led his team to twenty - two victories and one loss last season , allowing the red sox to achieve first place in their division .
and why re you so keen to share this with me in the first place ?
our numbers have plummeted , and there are nt a lot of mystics in the first place , let alone mystics to join us .
they were the very reason this tragic devastation of our spectrum happened in the first place and as the three of them watched the memory in horror , the leaders of the newly established anti terrorist organisation , the naxim , sealed their statement and their mission as the enemies of tyranny and as the enemies of mystics .
that little issue is what got me into trouble in the first place .
i could not determine whether he meant my condition of being pregnant , or if he knew that i should not have been pregnant in the first place .
who would just abandon her in the first place ?
until they lost hope , and all passion for the cause they stood for in the first place ?
in all of the five places there were men from each color of the rose but neither group appeared to be winning .
did they tell you why those people went outside in the first place ?
whatever stupid war had driven them from their white kingdom in the first place was over now , was n't it ?
` ` delicate was getting you the sample to make this sludge in the first place . ''
someone else would have my clients if you and your arcadian had n't brought me the nnyth samples in the first place .
` ` what happened to the other knight , the one who opened the waygate in the first place ? ''
you know , most of the time '' ` ` have you already forgotten that she brought kessa in the first place ?
how had such a monster ever managed to become a prian police officer in the first place ?
the floor was strewn with rocks , some fallen from the walls and ceiling , others simply never pulled up in the first place .
` ` why did n't you say that in the first place ? ''
the flatbed in front was most vulnerable to bandits and savages , while the unlucky crew in last place had the hounds and the dust from everyone ahead of them to deal with .
it was one he d never imagined in the first place .
` ` i heard enough , '' she said , ` ` the point is that no group outside the super - nations would have the technology to take them out in the first place , much less without detection .
it was the reason i was exploring this territory in the first place .
what i ca n't believe is that we ' ve seen one in the first place ; they 're probably the rarest thing on xavier . ''
it was risky for me to pick you guys up in the first place . ''
it had been risky enough crawling over there in the first place .
that 's why they gave us the combination in the first place .
jinks shivered shaking hard from hearing the soothing soft tone from father barry and from fear hitting him hard making him shake as he relieved fully in his mind what started the fearful feeling in the first place as he spoke ` ` i do n't know what you 're talking about father . ''
jinks heard nothing in response to his words sighed figuring out that his father was n't going to comment due to saying what he wanted him to say in the first place as hinted by his parent .
you do nt want to be alerted when something bad happens you want to prevent it from happening in the first place .
cronus clasped his hands behind his back and said , ` ` and then those failsafes , those people who are n't supposed to be people in the first place , started having children . ''
he was elected and he got his laws passed but to get into that office in the first place , he borrowed millions upon millions of denars .
the only strangers we get are the ones that are nt wanted in the first place , and when folks like you come into town the merchants do nt rightly know how to act .
the security council was against returning to earth in the first place , but as gunnarsson went rogue they had no choice but to let us pursue . ''
how is it that you had the courage to put your life at risk and test your invention , coming all the way to a nearly - uninhabited planet with no previous knowledge that it would have even been here in the first place ? ''
it was an incredible risk i took in the first place .
it was n't like she could have done anything about it in the first place , being pinned near - sideways up against a log .
if you simply did n't agree with the security council , and had no information on the vrol before , what prompted you to leave azul in the first place , knowing we would pursue ? ''
` ` jennie was to come with us in the first place .
nanotechnology was used in medicine , in industry , to repair broken arteries and to weld conduit seams in underwater pressures unapproachable by man - but now , this whole new revelation that magic , which was a new concept to her in the first place , was also an extremely advanced ( and old ) form of technology made her head spin .
can you- '' her eye caught the motionless robot and she remembered why she was there in the first place .
this was why she 'd stopped looking into the vortex in the first place .
figure out how and why humanity is at risk in the first place .
thankfully , they were asked remarkably few questions about why they had needed to rent a boat this time of year in the first place , or why two people had left the harbor in the morning and four people had returned before nightfall .
why the hell did nt you go up this wall in the first place ?
as if they were never really there in the first place .
because she was not there in the first place .
` ` okay , '' richman said , ` ` but the captain should n't have lost his power in the first place . ''
and a difference of a few decimal places in a shortrange calculation would widen into a vast abyss , beenay knew , if more ambitious computations were attempted .
now there was only a single line on the screen , a deep , intense orange , the two orbital simulations overlapping to the last decimal place .
how else would the apostles keep the book of revelations going from cycle to cycle , and how on kalgash did it get written in the first place ?
there had n't been nearly as much traffic here in the first place as there had been to the north , and it looked as though many of the drivers had been able to get off the highway safely even while the stars were shining , since they were in less danger of being struck by the cars of other drivers who had lost control .
how did the cultists manage to keep the book of revelations going from cycle to cycle , and how on lagash did it get written in the first place ?
you would have nothing against the particular germs who were killed ; you might not even know that any germs had spread that far in the first place .
` ` we were born in third place .
in fact , if our crew had had a proper respect for military axioms in the first place , they would have blown the ship up as soon as it looked as though the kloros were going to board . ''
in the first place , earth would n't do such a horrible thing .
` ` it was stupid to bring a horse to carry that asp in the first place . ''
in the first place , untie those two men .
` ` but how can you get back if you do n't know how to get there in the first place ? ''
the leaders , the captain antons , are after power in the first place and they 're perfectly willing to give half the terrestrial empire to sirius if they themselves can keep the other half . ''
` ` if you had used it in the first place , lucky , you would n't have had any trouble .
in the first place he dared not use the sub - etherics .
perhaps he had been wrong in not entrusting the interception to government ships in the first place .
idly he let the decimals grow to more places .
you do n't remember anything you ' ve learned , and you have n't learned much in the first place .
in the first place , anything mark quotes is accurate .
the depth - perception was plain enough to the eye , but measuring the actual depth called for a delicate consideration of angles , plus an advance knowledge of what that depth was likely to be in the first place .
on general principles , in the first place .
if you do that to the brain , what is left is scarcely more complicated than the brain of a mouse in the first place .
in the first place , general , you put me on board ship because you suspected duval . ''
only he could possibly have guided us into it ; only he could possibly know benes ' circulatory system well enough to spot a microscopic fistula ; and it was he who directed the exact spot of insertion into the artery in the first place . ''
maybe they have n't got it in the first place . ''
in the first place , only people between twenty and sixty are eligible and it 's always men , so that puts it down to maybe fifty million to one .
paulson said , ` ` in the first place , mr . muller , i want you to know we are in no hurry .
in the first place , multivac is n't here . ''
that 's what it took to start the whole deal in the first place . ''
stop off at u.s . robots in the first place .
strange that i overlooked it in the first place , '' her eyes were opaquely thoughtful , ` ` but perhaps it reflects a shortcoming in myself .
because , in the first place , dreaming is a private thing .
in the second place , in a dream palace , the dreams have to start on schedule , do n't they ?
not even the fact that his own eternally precious june had written it ( part of the bribe to get him to speak in the first place ) could mask the fact that it was essentially tripe .
in the first place , your love interest is becoming sickening . '
it was later that zammo said to a co - worker , ' he 's a bureaucrat , in the first place .
' our agents , in the first place .
in the first place , it is well known that the outer worlds are proud of their boast that the percentage of insanity , psychoses and even relatively minor maladjustments of personality are almost at the vanishing point in their society .
if i doubted for one moment that i was die wrong woman for the job , i would n't have come here in the first place .
miss fellowes felt a sudden surge of revulsion , even though she knew that she was the one who had pantomimed the lapping in the first place .
the way you got the rock in the first place ? ''
of course , if he ran into the pliocene equivalent of helen of troy - the ape that launched a thousand ships , so to speak- '' ` ` i think i get the point , '' miss fellowes said primly , regretting now that she had led the discussion in this direction in the first place .
and the letters and calls that i ' m receiving daily- the outcries , the pressure from concerned individuals- '' ` ` if you 're under pressure , mr . mannheim , '' said hoskins unceremoniously , ` ` may i suggest that it 's because you ' ve stirred this matter up by yourself in the first place , and now your own people are turning on you a little of the heat that you singlehandedly chose to generate ? ''
i wish i 'd never met her in the first place .
if miss felt a need to apologize , he must permit her to fulfill that need - even though her cruel words had not disturbed him in the first place .
we do n't know in any precise and quantifiable fashion how we managed to get those abilities into andrew in the first place , so there 's no way as of now that we could set out to reproduce whatever deviant pathway it is that allows him to create work of this sort .
it was my idea in the first place , as a matter of fact .
what i 'd like to know , though , is what the devil were you doing here in the first place , andrew ? ''
but the man was a bureaucrat first and foremost , and it was his job to see to it that everyone who boarded the ship to the moon underwent the full and proper decontamination procedures , whether or not that person was capable of becoming contaminated in the first place .
why should anyone care what a brain looks like or is built out of or how it came into existence in the first place ?
you never found it time to get dua in the first place .
like getting dua in the first place .
the man is not a physicist in the first place .
in the first place there 's no ultraviolet to speak of in reflected light ; in the second , your suit protects you against radiation . ''
it would be impractical to expect to arrange the leak anywhere but into a vacuum in the first place , which is why we had to make the attempt up here on the surface . ''
` ` in the first place , we need a vacuum .
if the mass which must be acceterated is enormous in the first place , then the mass which must be discarded is also enormous .
it had been built , in the first place , by a small firm according to his specifications .
in the first place , we will see to it that you do n't find out anything important - anything at all .
in the first place , the miniaturized state is metastable .
` ` in the first place , '' she said , ` ` platelets are not as fragile as all that .
in the first place , the capillary is too narrow .
dezhnev said mildly , ` ` and in the second place , we ca n't turn it any more than we can go backward .
` ` in the first place , steering will take a lot of energy .
in the first place , we do n't want to consume our supply of energy too rapidly .
in the second place , the rapid output of energy increases the chances of spontaneous deminiaturization . ''
with each step forward , other things might more easily fall into place .
` ` in the first place , that 's just arkady 's impression , '' said konev , ` ` and he 's no neurologist - '' ` ` do i have to be a neurologist to have eyes ? ''
but inferno was different , which was of course the problem in the first place .
it was far harder to imagine them becoming friends in the first place .
` ` the groundwork for a stable ecology comfortable to humans was never properly laid in the first place , and we are paying the price for it .
perhaps it was never there in the first place . ''
a robot would urgently attempt to talk its master out of such a dangerous activity in the first place .
` ` they were never there in the first place , '' terach said .
were it not for his support of dr . leving 's work , you and all the other new law robots would never have existed in the first place .
he should n't have spoken unless spoken to in the first place .
` ` of course , i ' m assuming devray knew who it was in the first place , but he did n't act as if he did . ''
and how could there be a shortage of robots in the first place ?
were new law robots really robots in the first place ?
` ` in fact , come to think of it , i did n't have the authority to shut it down in the first place .
but who the hell wanted to leave the city in the first place ?
jantu got up off the ground without being aware of being knocked down in the first place .
better , far better , to keep such matters well away from the public eye and avoid the talk in the first place .
it was a desire for rebellion against caution that had gotten her into trouble in the first place .
and the second place .
he found it fascinating that the new laws would construct sculptures in the first place .
i , indeed , can not see any reason for this journey in the first place .
she had made donald in the first place .
` ` sir , i never found the comet in the first place . ''
she should never have taken this call in the first place .
i should have assigned the job to you in the first place .
he should have known it in the first place .
there was no time for a full - length needle shower , and , indeed , the aircar 's refresher did not include many of the amenities beddle took for granted in the first place , but one did have to rough it , now and again .
there had n't been much point in asking him the question in the first place .
either it had never been there in the first place , or else the kidnappers had taken it with them - which at least suggested they had known it was there all along .
somehow , the empty town of valhalla seemed like a place that had never lived in the first place .
he said , ` ` this is an unusual case in the first place . ''
` ` now in the first place , r. daneel is too good a human to be a robot .
in the first place , where were they held ? ''
it must be calculated to the final decimal place so that it has an end .
baley said , ` ` how did you come to possess jander in the first place , gladia ?
no , earthman , he was attracted to you , in the first place , because you are an earthman .
but how did you meet her in the first place ? ''
in the first place , you have to use imported solatian grain .
in the first place , dr . leggen , i quite understand you are concerned about how repercussions from this affair will affect you .
and i went on to show that this would result in the ability to predict future events in a statistical fashion - that is , by stating the probability for alternate sets of events , rather than flatly predicting that one set will take place . ''
` ` in the first place , hari , you 're not going alone .
in the second place , it 's impractical to think of walking there .
` ` in the first place , '' said seldon , ` ` it was n't in this house .
` ` in the first place , she did n't have the dream when she was home in her bed . ''
it depends entirely on how valid and meaningful the programming is in the first place . ''
` ` now , consider , in the first place , that although we have records of complete genomes , they represent a vanishingly small fraction of the number of genomes that exist , so that we do n't really know how standard they are . ''
in the first place , where is the funding to come from ?
he recommends , therefore , that i see businesspeople who , in the first place , still have credits and , in the second place , can simply write out a credit voucher . ''
in the first place , palver spent the majority of his time with wanda , either working on the prime radiant , absorbed in mentalic research , or searching for others like them .
as a few more pieces fell into place , he would reveal his plan to wanda and palver and someday , of necessity , to one or two others .
` ` in the first place . ''
except that it worked them out to several more decimal places , it turned out that my figures were right and they showed that the computer had made no errors .
she ought never to have been made a speaker in the first place .
` ` in the first place , golan ... '' ` ` address me as trevize , please .
` ` in the first place , trevize , you did too good a job convincing me of your views ... '' ` ` you hid that well .
but then , if trevize had been ineligible for recruiting in the first place and had outlived the possibility in the second , what had roused compor 's concern over the matter ?
then , ` ` in the first place , we have no reason to believe compor was telling the truth .
every single event that takes place can take place or not take place , or can take place in this fashion or in that fashion , and each of an enormous number of alternatives will result in a future course of events that are distinct to at least some degree .
` ` in the first place , we do n't know it 's mavra , '' thomas said .
` ` and in the second place , they were after dresden .
` ` in the first place , dear , it is n't up to me .
in lea 's bloodthirsty garden , they were probably safer than they had been in my apartment in the first place .
` ` you ca n't plan for everything or you never get started in the first place .
if you had listened to me in the first place !
it was as if we were n't married in the first place .
it had multiple meanings , including the obvious one that none of them should ever have come to the congo in the first place .
also , as i said , it might have worked through bec to grant death consciousness in the first place .
` ` i was against inducting you in the first place .
` ` you should have said that in the first place . ''
in the first place , i 'd been paid up front , and i did n't have the kind of financial breathing space i would need to be able to turn down the money and pay my bills at the same time .
in the second place , the risk of imminent death just did n't hit me the same way it used to .
i should n't have chanced going onto the ship in the first place , and i should have been more careful about watching my back .
i do n't see why the devil the designers did n't do that in the first place . ''
why go through all that in the first place then ?
susan had been against hiring him in the first place , but the nsa had had no choice .
` ` but how 'd she get the story in the first place ?
she 'd never have allowed the story in the first place , and would never have considered it now , if she did n't place a lot of reliance on connie 's source . ''
i ' m disturbed that i allowed this column to run in the first place .
` ` and for many years you had not been close to garvin , because garvin did n't really want you to take the seattle job in the first place .
` ` now the next memo , '' sanders said , ` ` explains why this cost - cutting was adopted in the first place .
how do i get into the store in the first place ?
and now , with it , he kept _ them _ amused , the remnants of the civilization which had shot him up here in the first place .
it was difficult to recall what ` ` weight '' felt like in the first place .
why did you come to west marin in the first place ?
` ` i am beginning to wonder how one such as he obtained the throne in the first place , '' ashe noted .
unfortunately , she had drawn the pattern herself - which meant it had n't been all that good in the first place .
` ` well , it 's not like i left it that messy in the first place , '' sarene said with a huff .
` ` you never liked edan in the first place , '' sarene said .
but it was your idea to search for a stairwell in the first place . ''
in a way , was what they should have been in the first place .
what 's the name of your club and how many fans are there in it and where are you from and how , god damn it , did you get hold of personal details from my private life that you have no right to know in the first place ?
it is vital not to be noticed in the first place .
so i guess they never did know ; you never had them in the first place . ''
there were no data there in the first place . ''
but there 's some reason why the data were n't there in the first place .
` ` in the first place , that is not so .
dak loved her to death , but she had barely moved out of her chair in the guest room since showing up , so he was n't quite sure why she was there in the first place .
it 's probably why the breaks have done what they ' ve done in the first place . ''
` ` but why would a lizard bite her in the first place ? ''
and tim did n't see any other dinosaurs , which was why they had come there in the first place .
` ` if you had done it right in the first place , '' hammond began , but arnold put a restraining band on his arm .
shahara 's rape had the designation of being in first place .
was n't there trouble enough in the world as it was , without old wives ' tales being peddled by middle - aged females who should not have had anything to do with public affairs in the first place ?
the way dr . glaub had babbled on -- that was the kind of idiocy that had brought them to mars in the first place .
only the smallest one showed any signs of reviving , and she probably had not comprehended the news in the first place .
and i mean , i did n't even want to get into this black - market business in the first place -- why did n't this guy tell me he wanted to take over where steiner left off ?
i ' m sure he did n't want to part with my contract in the first place . ''
they might ' ve jeopardized their own lives to save someone who had no chance in the first place .
but then he soaked it in , chuckling right along even though he 'd forgotten what was funny in the first place .
he wondered what the underground structure had been built for in the first place .
burned to a crisp by bolts of electricity while searching for some safe haven that had never been there in the first place .
what 'd i do , knock you out of first place somewhere ?
michael was ready for the challenge , and kind of ashamed that he 'd cowered in the first place .
even the concept of a trail in the first place .
if the clients cared anything about the kids , they would n't get divorced in the first place .
the court will say it 's your responsibility not to have gotten her pregnant in the first place .
there was no body of evidence which proved that life in the first place was a boon .
' sorry to have bothered you with my troubles in the first place . '
of course that 's how you got yourself into this in the first place , by having the guts to try some new substance .
then i smelled lace 's jasmine hair , heard cornelius 's claws scratching the closet door , felt the rat 's infection in the air ... and all of yesterday 's memories crashed into place .
` ` god damn it , julia , '' i said , raising my voice , ` ` the only reason we are in this mess is because you did n't take it seriously in the first place .
` ` you act like i wanted you there in the first place .
anger and empathy and grief warred for first place in my thoughts .
in the first place , she was ignorant of what she 'd done .
in the second place , she 'd just been through a nightmarish ordeal at the hands of wicked faeries .
we 're a little crazy , the j - gene carriers , or we would n't be able to handle grimspace in the first place .
nobody asks him how he knows that or how he was able to sense the teras stirring in the first place .
the last piece of the puzzle falls into place .
reassurance is n't my style in the first place , and to make it worse , i do n't disagree with him .
why do you think we settled for you in the first place ? ''
the ithtorians , who do n't really want to receive us in the first place and so are n't going to be happy with this delay .
i owe him a tangible demonstration of the trust i damaged by not including him in the first place .
it contains projected figures related to ithtorian exports that should be accurate to the tenth decimal place .
but i know he does n't share his people 's bias , or he would n't be here with me in the first place .
there were reasons we banished the scum in the first place . ''
i guess they know there 's no recovering from whatever disgrace landed them here in the first place .
` ` you realize we 're twenty - one days from a beacon , which is why we set up here in the first place .
` ` i ' m pretty sure i could n't call up this much energy in the first place .
` ` in the first place , '' i said , ` ` i ' m not terribly well motivated to bend over backward to save john marcone 's armani - clad ass .
in the second place , my neighbors are elderly , and if someone does n't clean up the walks they 'll be stuck here .
in the third place , i ' ve got to do whatever i can to make sure i ' m on my landlady 's good side .
` ` in the first place , '' i said quietly , ` ` even if you brought in all that firepower , the best you could hope for is a hideously bloody , costly victory .
in the second place , there 's a chance that i can resolve this whole thing through council channels - or at least make sure that when the fur starts flying , we 're not in the middle of the bloody town . ''
of course , you did n't have to make the illusion utterly convincing if you could manage to keep people from having a good reason to take a hard look at it in the first place .
and given the extensive knowledge available to it , the archive is very good at avoiding risky situations in the first place .
yet that 's why he 's here in the first place .
but nobody knows why the explosion occurred in the first place .
` ` i mean that this creature may not be able to be killed , and so it may have no concept of killing in the first place . ''
` ` does anybody know why levy went outside in the first place ? ''
i should n't be here in the first place .
you should not be down here in the first place .
make it vanish from human consciousness , as if it had never existed in the first place .
otherwise he would n't do the experiment in the first place .
` ` it 's hard to know how many species are becoming extinct if you do n't know how many there are in the first place .
it 's what drew me in the first place .
that 's what you were probably planning to use it for in the first place , back in the wagons . ''
` ` were n't you the one to suggest this tactic in the first place ? ''
had n't that been the very argument that had convinced navani to go home in the first place ?
that voice had awakened him in the first place .
` ` but why go through this in the first place ? ''
storm it , we 'll probably never escape the camp in the first place .
not to mention going to such lengths to steal them in the first place , kaladin thought .
` ` it 's why i became your ward in the first place .
she 'd never actually had him in the first place .
troubles over dalinar trusting the visions in relation to sadeas had been what had drawn dalinar and adolin to argument in the first place .
elhokar allowed this investigation in the first place , after all .
` ` why did you tell me in the first place , then ? ''
what had made the plains break in the first place ?
she was already pretending - quite smoothly - that the armor had been her idea the entire time , and was ignoring the question of where it had come from in the first place .
that 's why we came to bridgton in the first place !
was that not what had brought him to the crimson king in the first place ?
you never should have come here in the first place .
he suspected they 'd all played a part in keeping the portal open , but it was the one called stanley who 'd created it in the first place .
folken left the balcony with smiles on their faces even if they 'd come up in the foulest of moods ( a foul mood was an excellent reason to visit the balcony in the first place ) .
on the other hand , if not for roland , she would never have met eddie in the first place .
and roland almost hoped he would be blamed , for it was indeed king 's fault ; he 'd had no business being out here in the first place .
what brought him to the brink of madness in die first place were two conflicting compulsions in his mind : to bring the tower down , and to get diere before you could get diere , roland , and mount to die top .
she wondered again how long dandelo had had him , and how the mean old thing had come by patrick in the first place .
but who had set him to watch in the first place ?
this was his job , not patrick 's , and he had been wrong to try and make the boy do it in the first place .
our squad 's been stuck in tenth place for weeks .
forty - eight seconds that would drop us another place on the leaderboard .
50 a week after ringer arrived , squad 53 moved up from tenth to seventh place .
then , with only two weeks to go , we hit a wall , falling sixteen points back from fourth place , a nearly insurmountable deficit .
and then charley , who got it in the first place , charley says , let 's give it to doc .
` ` we initiated it by seeking contact with avata in the first place .
in the first place , that the holy religion which we mutually espouse shall always preserve their freedom under my auspices ; secondly , that i will temper every form of rapacity and inequity which may inflict itself upon us all ; and thirdly , that i will command swift mercy in all judgments , that to me and to you the gracious lord may extend his recognition .
` ` in the first place , '' said garcia , ` ` you did n't offer to introduce me to the intricacies of your little black box .
the feds had smelled eddiedmaybe he had been stupid to send eddie in the first place , maybe his instincts were failing him , but eddie had seemed somehow so right , so perfect .
the fact that henry was scrawny and uncoordinated and did n't much care for sports in the first place had nothing to do with it , of course ; henry would have made a wonderful baseball pitcher or one of those basketball jumpers , their mother assured them both time and again .
ifthey were scared you might die , why 'd they try to get you to eat poison in the first place ?
and it ought to be one to prescribe it in the first place ... unless you 're going to give the patient you 're prescribing it for your unlisted number with it , that is , he thought .
how do i get on in the first place , past the scots jack , with his sharp cool ? ''
which is how they won in the first place .
i had n't been surprised in the first place .
did he mean for scaring me now or for marking up my neck in the first place ?
oddly , for this was what she 'd wanted in the first place , melanie was suddenly irritated .
it feels like nothing happened to it in the first place . ''
they still would have caught me in the first place , wanda .
what brought us here from california in the first place ?
you should have reminded me of that in the first place , my friend , and saved us both a lot of trouble .
i choose to get to boston and finish what i set out to do when i presented the argentinian bond - buy in the first place .
if the original crew had acquired the damned thing on radar , they never would have gone through it in the first place . ''
when we went through the time - rip in the first place , everyone on the plane who was awake disappeared . ''
second place ?
but what were you doing there in the first place ?
thorne said , did n't they think of that when they released the animals in the first place ? ''
` ` but if their long necks are n't used for eating , then why did they evolve them in the first place ? ''
that was what led them into the forest in the first place .
but levine was wondering about something else : he was wondering how these big carcasses had gotten here in the first place .
i do n't know why it was here in the first place .
or did we just imagine they 'd changed in the first place ? ''
he had picked the area in the first place by shutting his eyes and sticking a pushpin into a wall - map of the united states , and terry had turned out to be right , bill harris 's horrified reaction notwithstanding .
so when i got them down to the street , i felt safe ( relatively safe , anyway ) to ask how hugh hobart had come to lift seth 's power wagon in the first place .
herb only had one question : how did the pw get down there in the first place ?
` ` i thought they were all gone , must all be gone ... if they ever existed outside of the old wives ' tales in the first place . ''
cassiopeia , the saucy jade who caused the trouble in the first place ( ` ` yeah , right - it 's always the woman , '' susannah had said at this point ) , had been banished to a rocking - chair made of stars forever and ever .
he decided it had never been there in the first place ; he only wanted it to be there , because roland was hurting so badly .
they ' ve all forgotten whatever it was they had to fight about in the first place ; the world has moved on since then .
i imagine he thinks our real reason for bringing a boy in the first place was to pay for safe conduct through the city .
` ` gods curse my eyes that they should ever have happened on you two in the first place .
` ` you could have told me that in the first place and saved yourself all sorts of pain , jake chambers ... but at least now you understand how we do things around here , do n't you ? ''
the lands below had been fused and blasted by some terrible event - the disastrous cataclysm which had driven this part of the world deep into itself in the first place , no doubt .
just one thing after another falling into place .
and through it all , he was powerfully fascinated by the pieces of the puzzle which were falling into place .
' come on , how did you come to know about the mayfair family in the first place ?
and quite unexpectedly another piece of the same puzzle fell into place .
you 'd better stop spinning like a goddamned top every time another piece of the puzzle falls into place !
` ` and then , '' doniger said , ` ` i want to know how the hell traub got into the transit room in the first place .
` ` i just do n't understand how we lost the professor in the first place , '' kramer said .
you told him not to go in the first place .
that 's why we 're down here in the first place . ''
it was difficult enough for them to take orders from a woman like her in the first place .
and you do n't know why he did n't come back in the first place . ''
` ` he should never have left us in the first place . ''
angie did n't need him here in the first place - he could barely interpret lore symbols , could n't see the big picture , was always lugging around his stupid camera , which of course never captured the spooks anyway .
as jessica worked to finish the shield , she wondered how you did n't think about something , how you kept it from your mind without it being in your mind in the first place that you were n't supposed to have it in your mind ...
in the confusion of the attack and its aftermath , i had all but forgotten the whole reason i 'd gone out in the first place .
you 're a sad little collection of self - deluded has - beens whose self - righteous prattle has always taken second place to its hypocritical practice . ''
then he 'd made me a shoo - in for first place in the international walking wounded idiot competition , by covering that side of my face and part of my scalp with another bandage that wrapped all the way around my head .
the company never put out very many of these in the first place .
sometimes she wondered why god had made men in the first place , she really did .
then she straightened , momentarily recovering some of the yankee steel that had given her the courage to run for selectman in the first place .
he 's the one who thought of the geiger counter in the first place , and boy , he was right on the money .
fern said he believed the indian pumps had come from burpee 's in the first place , which sort of made them rommie 's property .
and we 're gon na find out what you did to lock this town up in the first place .
he supposed he had , although it w^s why he 'd stood for selectman in the first place .
in the first place , i have no doubt some sort of government experiment , that 's what i think .
i do n't think you ever really unlapsed in the first place .
the perverted use of breath was one of the main reasons that the royal line had moved to the highlands in the first place .
remember , it was the heroic way in which you died that gave you the power to return in the first place .
now that she realized it , she understood that his eyes on her were probably what had made her so uncomfortable in the first place .
that means they were n't all that committed to him in the first place . ''
or is it better to use that sword and try to stop the men who did such evil in the first place ? ''
` ` then what is the point of bringing it up in the first place !
the squirrel had been grey in the first place , so the difference was tough to see .
it was rather difficult to throw a game when you had no idea what you were doing to win it in the first place .
i ' m not like denth ; i do n't have his ability with words , and i do n't really like people in the first place .
what brings type one entities - returned - back to life in the first place ?
if everything else in this catacomb had n't been merely rocks and dirt , he would n't even have noticed the life in the first place .
because we were n't well in the first place , and you ca n't restore health where there was n't any health to begin with .
` ` it 's probably how they got to be bigots in the first place . ''
it 's as if they were never there in the first place .
and in his hands was not a gun ( where would an unwhiskered dribble like him get a gun in the first place ?
` ` it 's fair enough that we should , '' cuthbert said , ` ` since we do n't know what the hell we 're doing in the first place . ''
why else had the good man chosen hambry in the first place , if not because it provided such excellent cover ?
the question is how she knew in the first place . ''
that was what had opened the door to this horrible situation in the first place .
aunt cord was n't as thin as rhea ( not yet , anyway ) , and more neatly dressed ( except for her dirty gloves - why her aunt was wearing gloves in the first place susan did n't know , let alone why they looked so smudged ) , but the mad look in her eyes was horribly similar .
roland found himself already beginning to wonder if he - or it had been there in the first place .
she 'd been lucky to see that in the first place , catching sight of the leviathan of a transport edging out as she 'd walked back over one of the space walks from the habitation pod of the station to the main core .
how did he get the creature to obey him in the first place ?
so there was nothing to be sorry about , except perhaps that they had retreated in the first place ; but the rest would make up for that .
mulgrave had approved the fatal plan to send the sick dragon to france , in the first place ; he had led the inquiry where laurence had learned of it by accident ; he had chosen the men for the court - martial , and personally overseen it , with deep venom .
` ` the village did not have a gun , either , or even muskets , '' lily said , ` ` so it was not very sporting of those soldiers , in the first place . ''
` ` bad enough that i used myself so ; to have used you likewise , is unpardonable - ` ` ` ` but laurence , '' temeraire said , at once glad and baffled , ` ` it was my fault , surely : it was my notion we should go to france in the first place .
` ` yet , '' jo offered smugly , which set off a round of laughter loud enough to wake the binary , if it ever slept in the first place .
i was n't sure why i was giving her a tour in the first place , since she 'd already known where my room was and knew that the different areas of the ship were specifically called ` ` sectors '' ( and something about the way she 'd said ` ` sector '' tugged at my memory in an odd way , like trying to remember a dream you 'd had the day before ) , but it seemed to be making her happy .
maybe we would n't have been trapped by hex in the first place , would n't have needed saving ...
he would n't have given it to her in the first place if he did n't trust her .
i did n't know why he 'd even been bothering to look behind us in the first place .
after all , it was entirely possible i was the one who 'd gotten jerzy killed in the first place .
i do n't know how long i was out , or even why i was out in the first place .
jo 's lethargy after she and joaquim had made it back to base - that 's how he 'd even gotten the interworld formula in the first place , made it through the in - between .
` ` and as for that stuff about heaven inevitably winning ... well , to be honest , if it were that cut and dried , there would n't be a celestial war in the first place , would there ?
` ` but ... ` ` he wondered who chose the locations in the first place , how the knowledge was spread , trying to frame the question in such a way that he did not sound stupid .
he scratched his head and went into the kitchen for a cup of coffee , then dashed back and wrote my great - uncle mervyn down in the tenth place .
and it was no use hammond 's trying to tell him they had no reason to do such a thing ; they had kept him back in the first place , after all .
lung tien chuan certainly ought to have been there , at their meeting , and temeraire would have felt a good deal happier to rely on his judgment , and not some soldier - dragons who had not even managed to stop an assassin getting into the room in the first place .
hammond had conveyed to him from the other side the necessity of laurence 's adoption : a celestial might only be companion to a member of the imperial family ; and temeraire 's egg had been sent away from china in the first place only to avoid setting up a rival to mianning .
soon all of them except fat charlie sounded like people who wanted to sound like fat charlie had talked when he 'd come to england in the first place , except that he could never have used language like that in public without his mum giving him a swift clout round the ear .
lot of foreign checks never even made it into the client accounts in the first place .
nobody tell them it was happening in the first place . ''
no one but mia had wanted me in the first place .
i stared over at her , a thought sliding into place .
the eighth place was different .
he was surprised that she had made it up about something in the first place .
assuming she did n't know that this is where those men were planning to take her in the first place .
i know you did n't want me out here in the first place .
her father had n't wanted amanda to take this assignment in the first place , worried about her , about her disability .
` ` but what causes these magnetic disturbances in the first place ? ''
he had not wanted his little girl to come out here in the first place .
` ` the same scent that drew the locusts here in the first place . ''
so why did the tree grow these hollowed tubules in the first place ?
how the hell did a raiding party get onto that other island in the first place ?
when it came to technological advances , the united states could not come in second place .
she nodded , falling back into second place .
when matters of national security were involved , there was no second place , no silver medal , no runner - up .
` ` but how did the guild get their hands on this secret text in the first place ? ''
it was what drew me to italy in the first place , what made me seek out rachel . ''
` ` if you 're right , maybe the compound needs to be kept steadily warm to stop it from exploding in the first place .
` ` how did that alert at fort knox get raised in the first place ? ''
she remembered who had assigned her to this job in the first place , picturing his kind face , his soft words .
the linked text said she 'd won first place in something called the parrish / dorn 500k .
or the disappearance of ceres station 's supply of usual suspects in the first place ?
mars and the belt would n't have been going after each other in the first place if they 'd known what we know now .
the comet that took the protomolecule into the solar system in the first place was a dead drop , not a ship , julie said , her dark lips never moving .
it 's the only reason any of you are listening to me in the first place .
it 's probably why she noticed me in the first place , really .
it was why they were going to meet the un ships in the first place .
` ` but i do n't want to be sued in the first place .
` ` it was a mistake letting her into the project in the first place .
not a surprise considering the research base had been a military operation in the first place .
his fingers touched something out of place and hard , and he dug at the place where it was adhered to the stone .
` ` what did this astrocartographer find in the first place ? ''
` ` it 's thinking like that that put you in trouble with jabba in the first place . ''
if his mood was especially bad , he would think about how if he 'd just listened to his wife , none of it would have happened in the first place .
he wished that katoa were still alive and that they all still lived in their home on ganymede and that no one had ever come to ilus in the first place .
` ` the species who sent it here on phoebe in the first place ? ''
it would n't have been much for cover in the first place , and the narrow door stood open .
get back to the investigation that had brought him here in the first place .
what made you trust him in the first place ? ''
the man responsible for the deaths of our families and our friends , for you even being in wayward pines in the first place , is alive and well two miles from where we stand .
` ` i ' m not sure i have any in the first place , '' seth said .
` ` you were risking your neck for us in the first place . ''
he 's against us watching tv in the first place ! ''
and even without the obstacles , the horn ca n't be stolen in the first place .
` ` why do you have a chain in the first place ? ''
it was partly in exchange for these three talismans that dragons agreed to come to the sanctuaries in the first place .
you should have sent me along in the first place .
` ` it was my choice to introduce her to the sphinx in the first place .
` ` i suspect he was , or he would not have taken notice of you in the first place .
in fact , i ' m having a hard time picturing a game that makes books fall open in the first place .
` ` why did you leave a message in the vault in the first place ? ''
which is why i did n't just ram him in the first place , vanessa said .
where did hugo find a buffalo in the first place ?
ask if i have to wear one since i ca n't see in the first place , seth said .
how did you become a chicken in the first place ?
i like to think that if he had taken me to muriel in the first place , i could have prevented all this nonsense from happening .
if she 'd just gone to jasnah in the first place , after being accepted as her ward , how much easier would it have been ?
putting dung in food was what had gotten rock turned into a bridgeman in the first place .
it had n't really been there in the first place , had it ?
` ` you were the one who asked me to stick you to a wall in the first place , lopen . ''
perhaps she should not be going on these runs in the first place .
` ` maybe there never were ... ... '' ` ` and where did they come from in the first place ? ''
shortly , the wagons began rolling northward , shallan 's wagon falling into place third in line this time .
i never learned in the first place . ''
` ` the truth is , jakamav , i ' m not really worried about losing my shards - i ' m more worried about finding duels in the first place .
` ` the reason i agreed to it in the first place still stands - i want adolin to be seen as unavailable to those who would manipulate him for political gain .
it could mean answers - why they attacked in the first place .
` ` but where did they come from in the first place ?
storms , she probably did n't need to be hiding in the first place .
and if they are , would that not defeat the point of my type of game in the first place ? ''
you mean to the shattered plains in the first place ? ''
he should n't have been out there in the first place .
` ` we do n't know how many copies of it there are - and that 's assuming panos even followed encryption protocol in the first place .
` ` not picking me in the first place ! ''
for the thousandth time , a fantasy crept into her thoughts of crawling beneath the covers of her crew - issued bunk bed and hiding until all the world forgot there had ever been a lunar princess in the first place .
he could have prevented it all from happening in the first place .
he 'd been so distracted that he 'd forgotten the reason he 'd been searching for princess selene in the first place .
he 'd walked right into a trap , and this had all been cinder 's idea in the first place .
` ` does it matter how long they ' ve been there , or how they got there in the first place ? ''
` ` well , it kept me from using my gift in the first place , and also protected me from those side effects . ''
and received , in such a jubilant tone that i could not at first place the voice , the response , ` ` your brother , duncan ! ''
but bonmot laughed and dispelled any hope of true explanation by saying , ` ` better to ask how i became corrupt in the first place .
by the time those of us associated with the new art realized new art was old art - my only excuse being my forced absence from the scene - the only one who had the option of escaping the death of the term was the only one who had never uttered the words in the first place : martin lake .
only a breeze left to indicate they had been there in the first place .
in addition to feeding me , the old people provided me with clothing ; my own had n't been very good in the first place , and had become badly worn during the course of my journey .
the alorns of that era were semi - nomadic in the first place , so they were always ready to move on - largely , i think , because of their deep - seated aversion to orderliness .
i ' ve never understood why anyone would submit to being a serf in the first place , but i suppose the arendish character might have had something to do with it .
' in the first place , ' i began , ' we 're all different . '
they were an inattentive people , in the first place , and they built large fires at night - not because it was particularly cold at that time of year .
' well , in the first place , there 's quite a difference in your ages , i 'd imagine .
why did n't you say so in the first place ? '
murgos do n't like malloreans in the first place , so there were n't any strong ties between the two races - not without torak ramming brotherhood down their throats .
my opinion of torak had n't been very high in the first place , and it went down precipitously when i saw the plight of the thulls .
i sort of hate to admit that it was olgon 's conversation with the evil - looking strag that gave me the idea in the first place .
a vagabond story - teller probably could n't afford a horse in the first place , and a horse is largely an encumbrance anyway , since i have other means of transportation available to me .
' in the first place , no alorn would do that , and in the second , an imposter could n't pass the test . '
the scholarly life simply was n't available to him as it had been to aldur 's first disciple , and garion was forced to admit that he was n't that good a scholar in the first place .
' if you wanted to learn so badly , why did n't you say so in the first place ? '
you might come to regret it in time , but you 're the one who suggested it in the first place . '
let 's not have any more ` ` accidents '' like the one that divided the universe in the first place . '
' in the first place , asrana , you 're going to stop doing that .
the second pass with lances proved to be no more decisive than the first , and when the contestants rode back to take their places for the third , lathan 's look of open belligerence had become even more pronounced .
i knew that the form upset my father in the first place , but i also knew that his seeing me in that form might explain occasional absences .
i mean , the orb belonged to us in the first place after all .
she did n't have a very high opinion of her pre - ordained husband in the first place , and when she discovered that he outranked her , she went up in flames .
that was what made the summoning of kll such idiocy in the first place .
' ten times what you paid for the beer in the first place , i 'll wager . '
' that 's what you married us for in the first place , was n't it , sarabian ? '
' cynesgans would normally avoid that waste in the first place , and the war 's probably pulled almost everybody off patrol duty in the second . '
the cynesgans who manned the outer wall of the hidden city were not particularly good troops in the first place , and when the trolls came leaping out of no - time to scramble up the walls toward them , they broke and ran .
' would n't it be simpler if she just came right out and told you in the first place without these elaborate games ? '
that 's what precipitated my unfortunate remark in the first place .
it was the gods who invented theft in the first place . '
she will be doma , the domi 's wife , and she 'll have first place among the women .
that gives us a fairly free rein , and that 's what we wanted in the first place .
' that 's why i was so much against using it in the first place . '
it would have been polite of you to have told me that before you brought me to this accursed valley , but i suppose i was silly to expect politeness from an elene in the first place .
' arissa 's appetites were legendary in cimmura , and i was never really all that fond of her in the first place . '
it was easy to underestimate aphrael when she appeared in one of her innumerable incarnations as a capricious little girl , and that was probably the main reason she had chosen the form of the child goddess in the first place .
' that 's what i should have done in the first place , ' sparhawk said , ' but sarathi would n't give me the chance .
that 's what made krager important in the first place . '
' it was their religion that got them into trouble in the first place , so they 're a bit shy about discussing the matter openly .
' in the first place , their religion 's hardly more than a set of ceremonies .
it all fell into place in sparhawk 's mind with a loud clank .
that 's what made him sick in the first place .
it was the younger gods who dispossessed them in the first place , and that 's why they had to go hide .
of course trolls do n't have very much to think with in the first place .
they 'd defeat the whole purpose the moat was designed for in the first place . '
' it was n't my idea in the first place . '
regardless of what he says , krager learned much of his style from martel , and trying to shrug a failure off by pretending that the scheme was n't really serious in the first place is exactly the sort of thing martel would have done . '
we 'll save time if you come along with it in the first place . '
he had personal reasons for the campaign in the first place , and those reasons do n't seem to be as pressing any more .
` ` in the first place , i did n't know about it when i was at mal zeth .
in the second place , your copy would n't have done me any good .
i do n't see why he has to be with us in the first place .
that 's what divided the prophecies in the first place .
` ` why do you think i left drasnia in the first place ? ''
the only reason there 's such a thing as morning in the first place is to keep night and afternoon from bumping into each other . ''
` ` some alorns recommend some more of what made you sick in the first place . ''
` ` and who sent this ship in the first place ? ''
` ` how did she get here in the first place ? ''
the whole thing was her idea in the first place . ''
in the first place , her request that he sleep in a chamber adjoining hers was , he felt , highly inappropriate , even slightly scandalous .
you 're not very good at it in the first place , and it irritates me to have to waste the effort of countering the work of amateurs .
that might explain what happened to eshand in the first place .
it 's the aggravation of the sun , i think , that gave the eshandist heresy its impetus in the first place .
' rendors are none too bright in the first place , and they ' ve only been here for five thousand years . '
` ` but everything just fell into place .
` ` why did n't you say so in the first place , big - me ? ''
that 's what dahlaine had in mind when he foisted the dreamers on us in the first place .
i think that was what dahlaine had in mind in the first place .
then a young soljer as war n't none too bright in the first place come up with the notion of flangin ' them small rocks at the ground right in front of the soljers we did n't like .
ara realized that this was what had aroused that premonition in the first place .
` ` since they ai n't none too smart in the first place , i 'd say they probably tried to hide out in them nice safe caves and tunnels and burrows , and those are the last places anybody with any brains wants to be along about now .
` ` that might just be the quickest way for me to get out from under something i did n't want in the first place , '' he said .
still , he did n't really want to be our god in the first place , so it 's best probably not to offend him . ''
some great , momentous , and unexplained event was about to take place , and there were all manner of peculiar things that he had to do in preparation for it .
` ` why did n't you tell me that in the first place ? ''
` ` that 's what i said in the first place . ''
in the first place , it was not in the rivan character .
as long as we 're at it , where did you get the whole notion in the first place ?
` ` it was your idea in the first place , '' polgara reminded her .
` ` that 's the whole reason i came into existence in the first place .
it will not permit you to come along behind it uncreating all the things it went to so much trouble to create in the first place .
despite the anger which had moved him to attack in the first place , he had no real desire to hurt this young man .
` ` the plan was his in the first place , was n't it ?
` ` in the first place , the serfs do n't have any weapons and they do n't know how to fight .
in the second place , if they did , every nobleman in arendia would join ranks against you .
in the third place , you 'd just be starting another civil war ; and that 's exactly what the murgos want . ''
` ` decent people do n't allow it to happen in the first place , '' durnik asserted .
` ` oh , '' the guard said , putting away his knife , ` ` why did n't you say so in the first place ? ''
at least i could see to the task that had brought me here in the first place .
if he 'd listened , i would n't have had to count in the first place . ''
i had no idea what had happened to the lock in the first place , as well as our driver .
for was n't that the reason she had contacted miss fenley in the first place ?
my eyes widened and all at once , everything fell into place .
` ` what i ' m most curious about is how you mesmerized willa in the first place , and why .
but i am also curious as to why - and how - you caused her mother to visit willa in the first place , in her chamber .
` ` yeah , '' i said , falling back into the reality of my life and why i was even here in the first place .
pieces of a scary puzzle were falling into place .
` ` well , it recognizes what got us there in the first place , for one .
` ` he thinks that 's what got our people in trouble in the first place , a couple hundred years ago .
he was the source of the mnemonic learning system in the first place .
that 's how the whole mess happened in the first place .
that 's probably how she obtained these soldiers in the first place '' - he gave a weary look to the unconscious man on the ground - ` ` by killing their master and ... freeing them to work for her .
he remembered why he was in that hotel in the first place .
` ` well , not really how i imagined my first place on my own , '' michael said .
` ` they wanted you - us - to find kaine in the first place . ''
not to mention the squeezing it would take to get them inside the deep in the first place .
well , never you mind , girl , you have a chance to win a higher place in this world if you work hard .
as it happened , the end of the first day saw the porcupine knight win a place among the champions , and on the morning of the second day the pitchfork knight and the knight of the two towers were victorious as well .
the next hand will know his place , she promised herself .
the bride had the place of highest honor , between ramsay and his father .
the nanny tilted her head to one side , like listening to a song that she could n't quite place .
chances are he 's probably lying about june 's request in the first place , because if she 'd really wanted me to go back to the capital that badly , she- ` ` day ? ''
it 's a miracle that day had given his support to anden in the first place .
maybe it 's not such a bad thing , either - maybe i never should ' ve argued with day about this in the first place .
my breaths turn shallow as something falls into place .
why 'd you leave in the first place ? ''
do n't you remember why the patriots agreed to recruit you in the first place ?
` ` he never should have been taken in the first place .
so fast you 'd swear they never existed in the first place , at least if you could n't still see some of their buildings peeking out far off in the ocean . ''
` ` ten - second place ? ''
they spread the word : someone has plague medicine for you , come to the ten - second place .
whatever made them mark our door in the first place has apparently stuck around .
the ten - second place .
he 's going on about how he won first place in the fifth - grade science fair with his project about how to turn a potato into a battery when he stops in midsentence .
the gondolier had resigned himself to last place as soon as they left the bank .
or some third place , even more unexpected than this one .
the church is why we 're all here on new world in the first place , of course , and pretty much every sunday you can hear aaron preaching about why we left behind the corrupshun and sin of old world and about how we 'd aimed to start a new life of purity and brotherhood in a whole new eden .
maybe it was the other settlement that did the cutting off in the first place , cuz maybe prentisstown really was contagious .
and i wish he 'd never found viola in the first place .
me and davy ai n't never been given it in the first place so there were n't never a chance for him to take it away .
` ` if you ever really had him in the first place . ''
the men look to each other , their noises wondering why they came in the first place .
` ` it 's war that makes us men in the first place .
and plain soldiers , too , who keep coming up all shy - like to congratulate him on his victory , seeming to forget he 's the one who caused all this trouble in the first place .
` ` but it 's probably him the spackle want in the first place .
the ares-4 team points out it 's their co - opted probe in the first place .
it 's how the hab was assembled in the first place .
` ` you were n't supposed to be riding your bike this far out in the first place , '' said the woman named kat , and the boy scowled .
` ` i am not knowing if these countries were evers such a good idea in the first place . ''
` ` so if the boov had n't damaged the booth just right , the chief never would have been able to steal it in the first place .
i did nt really understand how he did nt know we were mates in the first place but the idea that he would actually considering being with the vampire who was known as the wolf slayer totally baffled me .
in her letter she claimed that was the reason she was doing this in the first place .
it was my own foolishness that caused the issue in the first place .
but till now you have obeyed devils command by roaming the lonely paths at night with a pumpkin lantern in your hand she said why did you obey devil 's command so long in the first place ?
ded moroz lowered his tone and said and besides , may i ask how you accumulated such a vast wealth in the first place , to go on with your show act of distributing gifts ?
if it were normal circumstances , he never would have been in this mess in the first place .
why did he let the girl escape in the first place ?
some of the creatures here were never sent to your world in the first place , like dragons , trolls , and mermaids .
she could nt imagine why she had ever come in the first place .
reece had done his best to be respectful , which for him meant one or two halfhearted attempts to keep the noise level to a minimum , followed by willful ignorance that there was ever a problem in the first place .
` ` how did he know i was in jail in the first place ? ''
she did n't understand why she even had to go back in the first place .
what s adair doing out here in the first place ?
could it be that i was right in the first place ?
why was the black widow at that hotel with bigelow in the first place ?
in the first place , i feel bad for chantilly and in the second place , i have about as much chance at catching his eye as me winning the miss universe contest .
in the first place , i feel bad for chantilly and in the second place , i have about as much chance at catching his eye as me winning the miss universe contest .
i mean , she 's the one who cheated on him in the first place .
we be a shoe - in on winning first place at showcase .
at the moment , they seek and search for food and scout the other competition for the first place position to battle their own bandits in the first ever huntress game .
each station displays the first place blue ribbon for the largest thing in the universe .
the shelf units contain drakes tacky geology rock exhibition from the 4th grade when he won second place in the schools science fair along with thousands of silver and gold - plated trophies , hundreds of green spotted paper certificates , ten red vertical ribbons , and one single bronze medal from his various sporting conquests since he was born .
josh bolts like a colt from his rear seat equaling the long leg strides with ash , galloping towards the front of the room like a pair of thoroughbred horses for the first place trophy and watching mella exit her seat and travel towards the archway .
do they have any leads and theories as to why they took it in the first place ?
and why did they take it in the first place ?
crazy to have come here in the first place .
there was no way she could hide the fact that she had broken into the room in the first place .
and she could tell that the more uncomfortable she feltthe more pain showed up on his facewhich of course made her feel even worse that she had in the first place .
` ` okay , how did this , er , colony end up on mars in the first place ? ''
why were you looking for me in the first place ? ''
the sisters clasped hands , repeating the jumbled incantation that brought them there in the first place .
the winning team does nt have to come to saturday school again , regardless of the felony that brought you here in the first place .
but following the plan got us in here in the first place , bro , grady reminded him .
but the vengeful gods of kitchen disasters punished his arrogance for building his tower so high in the first place .
for once , she was actually glad to see the old man , though she wondered how they d missed him in the first place .
a swelling of rage , anger and violence all fought for first place on his face as he roared a filthy curse .
i heard that was what ended world hunger in the first place .
bairds anger competed with his fear for first place on his face .
she never had the phoenix energy in the first place , so it did nt really matter if it never came to her at all .
i should nt have left in the first place .
why are there so many more conduits in the first place ?
his bloodshot eyes studied bastian as if he could nt understand why such a person existed in the first place .
i fear the only reason i am not infected is because i had no ability in the first place .
she did n't have a choice to have children in the first place in the sight of losing our race , much less keep me from finding you .
then why bother sabotaging the blasted boat in the first place ?
it was one of those hang in there , baby posters ; the kind where the cat is dangling from a clothesline and obviously scared to death because , you know , how does a cat even get on a clothesline in the first place ?
i mean , he obviously had crap owners , or else he would nt be in his unfortunate situation in the first place .
the third place for today 's competition goes to caitlin pretoris , he announced .
second place goes to timmy ramshorn .
first place , being the winner of the thousand dollar skateboard gear voucher and the big trophy goes tomatt honeywell .
she was rather sure there was no hope of getting his phone number , if there ever was in the first place , because guys usually ran the other direction when they heard what she did for a living .
after all , he s the one who got you into this mess in the first place , love .
glancing down , she whispered , i m just wondering how a human like me managed to put on their magic ruby ring in the first place without bursting into flames or something .
she was nt keen on his victor - marrying plan in the first place , and he had talked her into it , just like jules said .
her uncle boasted how big a deal it was for her to be selected , but he d never once explained how they d even come to know about her in the first place .
due to a clerical error when she was born , her birth certificate showed the wrong date , but at this point rae did nt really feel like correcting the mistake , since molly should nt have known it in the first place .
she was nt supposed to be here in the first place .
of course , that 's always assuming the demon was telling the truth in the first place , although why he 'd lie about being bound when i was offering him a get out of jail free card is a deeper game than i ' m willing to play .
and how do i explain just how i came to be in possession of it in the first place , not to mention why i did n't hand it to him right away ?
why had galilee changed into machal in the first place ?
this was their punishment for losing me in the first place i assumed .
i would nt be on these quests in the first place .
that 's why you were assigned to bretariel in the first place , because the great undoer did n't need a powerful protector .
cunningham ( also known as melissa cunningham ) began writing five years ago when she decided , out of the blue , to enter a community writing contest and won first place .
how come we need all these repairs in the first place ?
it , once again , came down to the same reason she was in the castle in the first place .
how did cudweed know i was here in the first place ?
i realized he was the reason the horse had been afraid in the first place .
besides , i did nt want to come here in the first place remember ?
i did nt even want to drink in the first place .
you are the reason i got drunk in the first place .
this all is happening because of him in the first place .
first tell me , how did all of this happen in the first place ?
it was my mistake in the first place .
the fact was , i was now having a doubt in my mind if they were even speaking the truth in the first place but then her visiting meant it opposed their point of view about her hence i believed that she did visit .
not that they should be down here in the first place , but who would get in trouble in that situation , the rich kids or us ?
i decided that the cat must be an indoor cat , or it would nt have been in the house in the first place .
that s what drove us to come in the first place .
that s why i jumped from the wagon in the first place .
especially not after the fuss he made about fighting the sunraiders in the first place . ''
it 's not like you 're settling for second place in a tourna .. tourno .. contest or anything .
within minutes , two extra places were set .
piece by piece , things started to fall into place .
then again , it had been her instinct for survival that had caused her to kill the poor woman in the first place .
it had generated some unhappiness inside the pack , but we were careful to only use it defensively , which meant that for the most part the people who were grumbling were the kind of bullies nobody particularly liked in the first place .
` ` if it is so hard to find the cats in the first place , how did we manage to nearly exterminate the cats back during the time of the monarchy ? ''
the brain box apparently had aerial eyes on the convoy , and about the time that we all left rio rico they confirmed that the number of guards still matched up exactly with the count from the emails that had tipped us off about the operation in the first place .
of course but first why do nt you tell me what happened with coliapus obviously he failed in his task that is if you indeed sent him in the first place .
she came in second place in the schools last annual tca idol .
his left was gold , too gold to be natural , not that many people actually had gold eyes in the first place .
you re the one who suggested we introduce ourselves in the first place .
and the only way to do that is to find the one who sent me here in the first place .
why did you wan na fight in the first place ?
thank you for agreeing to help me in the first place , he said after a long silence .
he did nt understand why ashton said that , and wanted to know why he d done so in the first place .
tell me , ashton , she said , what poor sapling other helped you escape me in the first place ?
but if you defeat them , you ll learn from the situation that brought this negativity in the first place .
jennifer had on a tight tank top and a short skirt that would show off part of her butt that is if she actually had one in the first place .
and how was it that everyone spoke english in the first place ?
jackson cried , and she started to try again , but she had already forgotten what she had done in the first place .
if anybodys the coward around here , richie , its youfor going into their yard in the first place .
but why d you promise him in the first place ?
but what were you doing with a halloween wig in the first place ?
why did he tell me he was going up there in the first place ?
but nothing was wrong with our society in the first place .
or am i only here to die like hatsuo seiya or fade away as if i never existed in the first place ?
it must have been the collective weight that had caused the light to fall off in the first place .
the guilt was killing him as it was because of him that himself , aki and seito had gone to zone three in the first place .
even if it was bad even if it drove her insane at least she did nt have to think about the problems that brought up the feelings in the first place !
or am i only here to die like hatsuo seiya and fade away as if i never existed in the first place ?
rema wondered how uncle kar had discovered it in the first place .
if she had just been normal with brown hair and brown eyes like everyone else , she never would have attracted lenneks attention in the first place , and none of this would have happened .
i m sorry i did nt ask you for help in the first place .
started a fight with the sergeant he blamed for getting him court - martialled in the first place !
` ` second place in pie - eating . ''
then , it all fell into place .
he did nt want me keeping grant in the first place .
next , who would want to be with you in the first place , if you were always unhappy ?
but , why go out on a blind date in the first place ?
what are you doing here in the first place ?
that s why they passed that stupid act to let you work for us in the first place .
like maybe you re not all that interested in us in the first place and so what s the point of getting all nervous about you ?
sphergol did nt seem to even care that the evil creature was gone , or that it was there in the first place .
he remembered his loyal servant and friend , fredric , the same one who had helped him escape from the castle in the first place .
the subject of why tanner was there in the first place was carefully avoided for the most part .
i do nt even get why someone took it in the first place , gage said .
juliette and jax kept fighting about how they d ended up there in the first place , while addy and tanner were incredibly sick .
i know you d never hurt anyoneand that was the entire reason for the investigation in the first place .
now i understand how they became trapped in the first place .
and i was also sure that everything i had put them through had caused them to divorce in the first place .
tell me i did nt deserve her in the first place .
she felt it was her fault in the first place .
it should nt have happened in the first place .
and i m glad , abe continued , as if no one had interrupted him in the first place .
how can something be tightened that did nt exist in the first place ?
well , not like she knew how it was there in the first place , but still .
who was the one who had saved her life in the first place ?
i was nt going to kill you in the first place .
no , you would not , but knowing the particular science behind it is not what makes you powerful in the first place and its not what makes magic powerful .
why were you so far away from the kingdoms in the first place ?
but she did nt mind ; she was never that thrilled about school in the first place .
they questioned their decision to enter into a contract in the first place and wondered if they d be happy with their choice as they grew older .
why had sara called her in the first place ?
that s why i d never told r & r about the orange eyed men in the first place .
he was the dummy who had brought the beer in the first place .
if you had nt brought beer , that cop would nt have bothered chasing us in the first place !
some of the games still have jea as one of the top three scores with zak at second place .
at the end of the night , after they announce that douglas stephens is in third place , its down to adanna wallace and me .
they hand me a second place trophy and i walk down the stairs , directly into zephyrs waiting arms , letting him envelop me .
and if marek is so bad , why did you join with him in the first place ?
but you re not like that , which is one of the things that attracted me to you in the first place .
i could have told him not to worry ; the patrons at jeds were good at minding their own business , which was why i d suggested the biker bar in the first place .
our place was the seventh one down at the end of the row .
judith , why do you think the vampires came to portland in the first place with it being so close to you guys ?
i had expected to never hear from nightwatcher again , and his email stirred the same need that had sent me to the attic in the first place .
if she was nt messing with trolls and dragging you guys into her mess , roland would nt have been hurt in the first place .
that s why she was dragged out of bed in the first place .
she was why i was in the human world in the first place , demitri let her go and spun gary around , thanks for showing her the way here , gare .
its okay , he said , looking at her with bright eyes , its my fault for bumping into you in the first place .
no one in affelil would ever dare use a gun against someone , and god knows why aiden had one in the first place .
it was nt my idea to lie in the first place , she said .
ronnie shook her head , feeling slightly guilty for bringing it up in the first place .
why 'd you buy them in the first place ?
this year 's starting date was in two weeks time and there were three places left .
in the minds of most of the fans there was no question that they would defeat the team who was in first place ; and by defeating them , replace them on top .
mr . andrews explained how a win move the foxes into first place .
class work took second place in the minds of the f.h.s .
the fans there expected the team to be in first place as a matter of course .
i kept my head down , determined to show him no gratitude for the aid , since it was his fault i d fallen in the first place .
the cheerleaders unrolled the crimson and silver banner reading 2nd place champions and i did a backflip to celebrate , feeling increasingly like i was never going to willingly participate in a sporting event ever again for the rest of my life .
present on both plains to travel from one to the other and as you say , it is single sourced , how do you get it from one plain to the next in the first place considering that it does not exist yet on undiscovered plains ?
anyway , barrys confidence in its failure was unwavering , otherwise he would never have agreed to the whole thing in the first place .
alden took first place in the competition !
alden , you ll want to participate in the closing ceremony with your first place medal .
his fall - back position was disguise but experience told him that if you did nt stand out in the first place , then no one looked at you twice .
why did i even start speaking to her in the first place ?
did she really seem to be sad in the first place ?
it still did nt explain how they had got their powers in the first place .
that 's how you get into this kind of mess in the first place .
we should never have been down there in the first place without the right kit .
they should never have sent us down there in the first place .
was nt that what was triggering the holes in the first place ?
that was when i realised what a totally stupid idea it had been in the first place .
not gone in there in the first place you nut - job .
in fact , mr hamper did nt seem to know how he d got there in the first place or quite what he was doing .
the problem always seemed to come back to the same thing ; getting the right people together in the first place .
all a bit odd how he d brought it up in the first place but then did nt seem to want to tell me any more .
i was trying to pretend none of it had ever happened in the first place ... '' 17 ` ` it all started when me and my siblings were born , '' rust began .
why did those guys wan na kill me in the first place ?
now , if only i could kill off the person inside me that even thought them in the first place i m not surprised , she said .
what could he possibly tell me that was worse than having the hallucinations in the first place ?
she was his problem in the first place .
in the first place , they were there to make and help carmel forget things between her and faddy ; and victoria knew that if carmel found out that faddys here with two girls , shell surely collapse .
i did not ask you people to be interested in all of these in the first place .
i tap dismiss all and get on with why i ve come to this devices mercy in the first place ; i m seeking a remedy that will take an edge off the twinges that my dilapidated body suffers and will perhaps even reverse its decay .
then again , chances are that any one of the remote number of people that would happen to see it would not have known that i existed in the first place .
they wanted me in the first place .
it was pointless to argue with bailey in the first place , but i could nt walk away without trying .
besides , even if dad had nt made plans to uproot and move back to la , i still let myself get carried away with thoughts that i should never have had in the first place .
that s why we d ended up in sugar creek in the first place .
mandy i never wanted this in the first place , i said .
she s the reason that he got his name in the first place .
how did you manage to put the camcorder there in the first place ?
if he had nt pissed off casper from hell in the first place he would nt have came after me .
they did nt believe me in the first place .
oh , he says , working out what i said in the first place .
that s if he did nt ignore me in the first place , walking over my parched and dehydrated dying body on the deck .
i should never have got you involved in the first place .
it was what had drawn him to cornell in the first place .
why have they let you come in alone in the first place ?
pity , though , they tend to live in the shadow of their excuses that should not have existed in the first place .
what made those warriors move in the first place ?
he never meant to piss you off in the first place . ''
my heart should nt break in the first place , and that s what making me so fucking upset .
why reese ever took a job at scoops in the first place is beyond me .
i do nt recall asking your advice in the first place .
that s probably how he became a slave in the first place .
fighting a man who was partially made of metal did not intimidate maxtix ; he just thought it meant the barbarian was too slow to dodge a sword in the first place .
her skin looked perfect , and willow wondered whether she had even been cut in the first place , or if it had been her imagination running wild again .
but he was the one who suggested kissing in the first place !
how she was able to wear it in the first place was baffling .
you re the one who brought us here in the first place , he said defiantly .
willow closed her eyes , wishing she never had in the first place .
willow looked down at her talisman , a beautiful , thin golden bracelet linked to a ring around her middle finger , reminding her why she was here in the first place .
as earl continued to talk excitedly to him and lita , dagdron folded up the piece of parchment , wondering why his father had had the arch crystal in the first place .
but , if i had nt been so blind , then maybe your life would nt have been in danger in the first place .
we do nt know what the arches do , we do nt know who those three enchanters are , and i have no idea how my dad had one of the arches in the first place .
what was it doing on there in the first place ?
julie wondered why she never gave her number in the first place .
was it a bad idea to try this in the first place ? ''
` ` yes , the lass did something that is dangerous to do in the first place , but even if the move is a success , it does n't mean that there 's no price to pay . ''
she wondered why they had nt found her there in the first place ... wondered why they wanted her at all , whoever they were .
in the first place , you are in no position to , as you put it , ask a price for your services .
and in the second place , do nt pretend that money is what you really want .
it was even more expensive to have his collection in the first place , and sometimes more expensive yet to have pieces of his collection shipped from earth to anterra .
the new clip clicked into place .
a girl who would never have been in jail in the first place if not for my people .
why did the united space programs create it in the first place ?
if you had been honest with me in the first place , i would not be injured right now .
only because he felt guilty for putting you in this situation in the first place ; finlay has spent too much time with you humans .
and what was he doing in juvie in the first place ?
telling ellersly meant involving his friend and risking his life which was the reason he had sent ellersly away in the first place .
in the first place .
now he was in third place , there were just six furlongs to go .
four furlongs left and the gold circle on prestons back was in second place .
usually , people either love what god asks them to do in the first place , or they come to love it later .
and all that without ever giving belle a chance in the first place , much less a second chance .
as usual , amelia was telling belle all sorts of things that she was n't really supposed to know in the first place , but had managed to find out anyway .
you do what s right , and everything else will fall into place .
i mean , i had nt been expecting much in the first place .
she was the reason i was put in that mess in the first place .
i mean you should nt have come spying in these woods in the first place .
why had he gotten her involved in this in the first place ?
he needed some way to fight back against the lycans beyond mere sword play , which he was nt particularly skilled at in the first place .
` ` yes , sir , '' both boys said in unison , happy to be relieved of a duty they did n't want in the first place .
the name was familiar , but astrid could nt quite place where shed heard it before .
its unbelievable you drew this world in the first place .
sorry i lied , sorry i said those things , sorry i did nt just tell you in the first place .
it was an idiot thing to do going to her with this problem in the first place .
what made mason lie to me in the first place ?
instead , they bought her a new computer for second place .
that s how i got into the whole mess in the first place .
that way we would have a valid excuse for departing or not arriving in the first place .
you gentlemen will be competing for these ; the third place winner will be given this purebred , trained hunting dog .
the second place winner will be awarded this splendid black stallion , riding saddle and bridal .
and the first place winner will be awarded land in my kingdom .
you know , zaltreous ventured , i would never have left you in the first place .
then he wo nt be able to scry them in the first place .
toby , you could have helped by not destroying it in the first place .
so , why come this way in the first place ?
why did people always think it had been my idea in the first place ?
after getting me in this mess in the first place .
and how do you explain the fact that this city is here in the first place , and its enormous and very close to where we grew up , but none of us has ever heard of it ?
that s not even mentioning how we managed to survive that accident in the first place !
honestly , i do nt know what took you so long in the first place .
he had barely noticed that they had been standing so close in the first place .
why did he jump in in the first place ?
five voices was the main reason that they d hired a replacement for jung - ja , in the first place .
seventh place is darn good .
next time it will be first place .
all min - jun had to do was post a picture and caption on the internet and everything else would fall into place .
why d you get them in the first place ?
how d he die in the first place ?
who tried to take it from him in the first place ?
if i knew then what i know now then i would have known there 's no difference between indifferently there were a lot of poems on this wall , but ryder did nt know why this wall was so different from the others and why it was here in the first place .
i do nt know why i should care or why i even cared in the first place she obviously does nt trust me .
this was just the sort of thing that had earned daisy her reputation in the first place .
and it was the first time there for both of them , so they had to dreamweave to reach the island in the first place .
well , you were the one who suggested putting it on the computer in the first place , replied dazza .
in his fits of mirth about the situation they now found themselves in , he had all but forgotten why they were there in the first place and , more importantly , how they had got there .
if he ever had any in the first place .
i could nt bring myself to give her the particulars , especially about the almost kiss , which i d been right about in the first place .
he was the reason she was on that dock in the first place .
but why does coach miller owe you in the first place ?
then you must know why the 7 was formed in the first place .
i was sure seraphina was the one to thank for this , although i could nt be positive because i never saw who threw the mud ball in the first place , and i certainly could nt see anything now .
either he was frightened off by my car turning in wild circles just to avoid him , or he never existed in the first place , just an apparition that turned to the smoky wisps of evil .
why did they attack you in the first place ?
being alone was what she was used to ; at least she did nt have to worry about losing anyone , because she never had them in the first place .
then how did people notice them in the first place ?
i had only grabbed my bike in the first place because it was on the way and i knew california , the part i was going to anyway , would nt have un - drivable conditions for my bike .
i suppose i should tell you how i got here in the first place .
i watched ya ride your horse around the barrels coming in third place at the county rodeo in august .
garth , i know that i m only second place , runner - up of the show .
it is possible that he had all these qualities all along and once he woke up they all fell into place .
the mirror on earth would not serve any purpose without a way to come here in the first place .
the difference is , i never believed in their gods in the first place .
the gods had it all wrongif they ever existed in the first place .
it was men like this that caused the mutations in the first place , right ?
i should nt have even done it in the first place .
the prison was what frightened everyone into submission in the first place ; so maybe disproving its existence could spark a rebellion .
in second place , we have axil phillips !
and in first place we have miss cecilia potter !
he often made sacrifices to ensure i won the tasks , and effectively handed me this first place position .
but , axil and i will actually be sharing the title of first place , she paused for effect , because he proposed to me after completing our last task .
fix a spell carda was n't sure existed in the first place ?
she imprisoned me in the first place .
why he had called on the child in the first place was beyond their comprehension .
but then again , if you were him , we would nt be sitting here in the first place , would we ?
she was nt too keen on crowds , even though shed rode rusty , her beautiful sorrel gelding , in front of crowds at rodeos around the valley and shed even taken first place barrel racing at the county fair last august .
she had , after all , only gone in the first place because beth begged her to .
she had nt wanted to be in this movie in the first place .
she brought home a red , second place ribbon the following sunday at the rodeo .
she had nt even asked to be in their stupid movie in the first place , and don broward was old enough to be her father .
keep it up , selena thought , and well have another first place .
we weep because you have your own key in your pocket and you forgot what it was for in the first place .
everyone called him olly , except the math teacher who called him oliver , which was how the class knew his real name in the first place .
we should have never been arrested in the first place .
yet it was hearing voices that drove her to wander the sumarana forest near her home and eventually stumble upon the ferrets in the first place .
who was it that got us tied up in that sack in the first place , huh ?
who do you think told us to find the furosans in the first place ?
something about him made her uncomfortable , something she could nt quite place .
should nt you be more scared of not trying in the first place ?
then the beard seemed to shake himself out of whatever strange world he had drifted off to in the first place , and spoke .
this made ferengson smile , as he recalled that he selected that property for malevcon in the first place .
he could as easily repair a broken thing as break it in the first place .
i looked away from her to ryan , who d just realized he was in 3rd place .
were our own worst critics in the first place .
as if being in this underground labyrinth is nt insane enough in the first place , now i ve got to swim through a tiny underwater tunnel that may or may not be wide enough for me to fit through .
what were you doing down here in the first place ?
jeremy wondered what had turned off his telepathic ability and what had triggered it in the first place .
the psychic input that bombarded virtually all level ten psychics awakened the survival instincts and created a visceral reaction that was practically impossible to ignore which necessitated powerful shielding to prevent this from happening in the first place .
but , a 6 - year old girl cost you eight places .
tashas team had been in third place , but they had lost one of the items on their list , and they were moved to last place .
tashas team had been in third place , but they had lost one of the items on their list , and they were moved to last place .
you two obviously had some connection to you know to get pregnant in the first place .
the thought made no sense to me , considering how easily they had brought us here in the first place , but the boy had already proven himself to have less sense than any streetwise orphan had in their little pinkie .
you re the one who made him chose in the first place .
so what you re telling me is , he muttered , not only do we wade through shit to get there , you re not entirely sure where were going in the first place ?
he should never have come ; he should never have helped carl in the first place .
how did he know i was in jail in the first place ?
she did nt understand why she even had to go back in the first place .
why had nt he changed her in the first place ? !
you re right about that , but its unclear why they wanted it in the first place .
it took our father long enough to convince you to use this process in the first place , she chuckled in merriment .
thank goodness someone was thinking with his head , huffed em , although why you let her do it in the first place is beyond me !
cory continued sunday practices with tony banks , and the team battled back and forth with west for first place in the league standings .
already , it was the end of the season , and grandview had managed enough wins to be tied for first place with west .
his first thought was that he 'd been bitten by an animal , but when he looked down he wondered why he had n't realized what happened instantlywhy he had n't been on the lookout in the first place .
if he had , he would n't have let their friendship die in the first place .
why would an aethien be here in the first place ?
selena moved into place with the three other girls on the relay team .
why had he hesitated to kill her in the first place ?
she s the reason were here in the first place .
i was wracked with uncertainty , feeling stupid to have put myself in this situation in the first place .
maybe , and this was stretching it , they would nt have been stupid enough to place her on the list in the first place .
i do nt know ... first place .
but bringing me here in the first place ?
i never got burned in the first place .
you wo nt even tell me how you got me stuck in this mess in the first place !
what did they achieve and even think by doing that in the first place ?
how did they get out to the island in the first place and why in such numbers ?
you had to climb the hill just to get to me to complain , and that defeats the purpose of complaining in the first place .
i would nt have to come here to complain to you in the first place if you did nt insist on disappearing up here , laura grumbled .
how did you get in debt in the first place ?
why did nt you do that in the first place ? !
i still do nt know how she got the jewel in the first place .
why were you down there in the first place ?
what exactly were you doing in that tree in the first place ?
criteria for judging : rounds one and two appropriate emotions and expressions - 40 % stand out voice and proper intonation - 30 % clarity of words - 20 % audience impact - 10 % total score - 100 % round three content of composed poem - 25 % appropriate emotions and expressions - 30 % stand out voice and proper intonation - 20 % clarity of words - 15 % audience impact - 10 % total score - 100 % prizes : first place 1 .
special solstice bookstore bookmark second place 1 .
if your work wins third place , you get seven bonus points in the exam .
if your work wins second place , you get ten bonus points in the exam .
and the winner of first place will get to earn the students held their breaths as they waited for their teacher to complete the sentence .
he sighed , and continued studying the geometry of stars which he could not comprehend in the first place .
let me review , the third place winner will get seven points !
the second place winner will get she anticipated a livelier response from the class .
and the first place winner will earn twenty points !
so the third place goes to what seemed to be taken from two of my favorite books of all time she wrote on the board atticus caulfield .
the second place goes to what i find quite witty .
now i do nt get to decide who will get the first , second , or third place .
he hoped to get the first place , and he would surely get 20 points in the exam .
he wondered what kind of chocolate miss reina would give to the first place winner .
she gave the summary to each composition but santi barely listened , for he prayed that his story would win third place so that his classmates would forget about him once the first place winner would be revealed .
she gave the summary to each composition but santi barely listened , for he prayed that his story would win third place so that his classmates would forget about him once the first place winner would be revealed .
let us now reveal who wins the third place .
the second place goes to you know who confused shoes is .
santi wished that martin should ve won the first place .
and the first place with an additional 20 points to the final exam goes to drum roll please .
there were never many people to walk along them in the first place , and the few i did see were back when we were kids .
she had never told them where exactly they were heading in the first place .
were in the same place .
and why was there a rebellion in the first place ?
probably exactly what the adults had wanted in the first place , she thought .
last year i got second place and i ve been practicing all year .
this was difficult to evaluate , but our judges have decided to award first place to ana for her perfectly executed triple flip .
mina applauded with the others and tried to smile as ana took her place on the stand to receive her flower wreath for her second first - place finish .
seeing as it was because of your friends that i was in the water in the first place .
look lizzie , its my fault were even here in the first place .
they were gon na make me out to be some sort of dirty tramp who never deserved to be going out with calvin in the first place .
out in the hall , i told her all about makayla , the things she 's been through , and how she 'd come to lifegate in the first place .
its not polite to let him run all the errands when this affair is nt even related to him in the first place .
it is what i should have said in the first place , is nt it ?
why did nt we just land on mon in the first place ?
kate thought of her promise to jol , what a mess , she had nt even wanted the stone in the first place .
as to how franklin had been able to capture will and izzy in the first place , doc asked the question designed to make sure this could never happen again .
she had just gotten home from winning first place for a solo performance .
as eric drove he tried to clear his mind and remembered why he had started his journey in the first place .
she seemed like she was contemplating something or regretting her decision in the first place .
she almost had n't come in the first place .
why did you even approach me in the first place , you should have taken my soul right away , that was enough .
but how can you fix what s wrong when you do nt know how it got broken in the first place ?
i asked as i pointed to the piece of machinery that had gotten me into this mess in the first place .
he did nt really seem to care about any missing ball , and i highly doubted he had one in the first place .
i seebut right now , you should be more concerned with how lazarus ended up here in the first place , tanner advised heedfully .
that s what they came to welch for in the first place .
that s the only reason why i left the daggone cave in the first place !
as soon as i sensed a telling warm glow radiating from the stone , the rest fell magically into place .
this is the fourth place .
you were never cut out for this job in the first place .
she should never have come to an institution like this in the first place .
in fact you should nt have made such stupid fucking things in the first place !
virginia considered the explanation , even managed to sympathise somewhat with the policemans unhappy lot , but this did not explain why she had been picked up in the first place .
she could not think why she had gone to her room in the first place , there was precious little left there to interest her .
ache tummy ache , rann nods and smiles like he has won first place at the pie eating contest when i hup .
or pretend he had never found it in the first place ?
so , why did you do the whole platypus man thing in the first place ?
fato and frigo quibbled with each other , fato saying that it was an insult that his son would question his nobility while frigo kept insisting he was nt noble in the first place .
how was any of this possible in the first place ?
hava , you ll be sharing your room with yaggee now and you old geezer , tell me what brought you up here in the first place !
he is an abomination and we never should ve allowed him to exist in the first place .
he was mad at himself for falling for fiona in the first place .
its not a big deal that you ate a lot of food , and its not a big deal that my mother invited you over for dinner in the first place !
as long as you re okay with second place !
` ` what i do n't understand , '' laura began , ` ` is why anybody would come to see deadly giant spiders in the first place .
however , we are no closer to knowing who poisoned father in the first place or why .
she was a little leery about coming down to the states in the first place .
why did you ever get into drugs in the first place ?
why had she come to him in the first place ?
it now felt as if it had never been injured in the first place .
had it healed that fast , or had he ever really been injured in the first place ?
guess grimsby did nt start out experimenting with humans right away , newton said , but that did nt explain why he d started with plants in the first place .
but why d the acolytes put ez8 in the candy bars in the first place ?
camaro would nt be here at all ifn ya were nt messing round with enzyme seven in the first place !
you never told me your story of how you got stuck in the greenhouse in the first place .
wait , how does he know that i m a huldra in the first place ?
i wonder why he s been here before , and how many times , and why he did nt mention it in the first place .
it was his fault that he had put thomas through this in the first place .
and why onto the plateau , and why oh why were the dragons waiting there in the first place ?
i think that you would n't have been in danger in the first place if it had n't been for me .
that s what led to this tragic battle in the first place .
would nt you be more proud if that was the reason i came in the first place ?
the whole affair they call rotha , and they seem to like it nearly as much as they like making things in the first place .
how do you know were going in the right direction in the first place , then ?
trust me , whatever lived wild in that valley was nt living right in the first place .
as his mind began to run through the events that had brought him to the realm in the first place matthias , the football game , the goblin assassin he felt his stomach start to twist up on itself .
you must have been so frustrated , but she did nt say any of that to me , nor did she say , you must have been scared getting lost in a town you d never been in before , or my fault for showing you the shortcut in the first place .
he had nt wanted any of this to happen in the first place , he had simply wanted holt to leave me alone , and except for some weird twist of fate he probably would have .
she was more careful speaking to strangers and social networking , which was how piper had met brandon romeo in the first place .
her next words , though , reveal there was no use of lying in the first place .
it is the former option , the dryad informed him , once again responding to thoughts that he really should nt have been listening to in the first place .
did she say why shed gone away in the first place ?
that half grimace , half smile that had worried chrissy so in the first place .
why did we even fight in the first place ?
so why did you join the palace guard in the first place ?
what made you decide to seek their help in the first place , and what s your secret to getting along with them ?
it 's hard to tell , and if something is hard to tell , then it 's not worth thinking about in the first place .
ryan was a bit weird , but he had won third place in the pemota film festival the past summer for a claymation movie about bottles of medication that talk , and rey thought the movie was cool .
gertude perry , well - known chocoholic , won the prestigious first place award in writing for her short story about her experiences as a lesbian nut job .
ryan otoole won first place in the pemota film festival and most of the ninth grade had seen his movie .
halfway through , the roof disappeared , or both boys finally realized it had never been there in the first place but continued to pay it little attention .
if it was nt for your power , i would ve never confronted you in the first place and we d never have become friends .
chewy felt if he had clints observation skills , he might never have needed the mu - dangs power to pass tests in the first place .
drews 3rd grade bowl of fruit had won 1st place in the idaho state contest for art composition .
i d been on diet after diet in the past , sometimes losing a few pounds , sometimes not , but always gaining the weight back , often more than i lost in the first place .
it was five a.m. by the time i reached nick 's place .
he was outrageously stupid for attacking an alliance member like willow in the first place , but that 's because she 's been pinned to be isiro 's next host .
but if what i was learning about kinetics , what was on the surface did n't tell you anything about what kind of powers they had or even if they were a kinetic in the first place .
i would save no one if i was sleep deprived , and we were so close to the second - to - last place on marcus grey 's journey across the states .
i could n't evenusemy powers if i wanted to in the first place .
she should never have been here in the first place .
its thinking like that that got us in trouble in the first place , lough accused .
zervos was protecting the body of nancy , the airlee student who had competed in lisabelles place for the dash finals .
why 'd you take the meds in the first place ? ''
why he had called on the trouble - making child in the first place was beyond their comprehension .
i should nt be here in the first place .
i do nt believe the elders had a plan because they would nt have allowed duncan to enter the grand hall in the first place .
why would they send necrosis here in the first place ?
what i ca nt understand is why you did nt ask the movement for help with your mission in the first place .
not that phillip had ever used any other points to get directions in the first place .
it was nt satisfying to strangle something that did nt have to breathe in the first place .
almost like it had never existed in the first place , had it been an hallucination ?
have you seen the ghosts here and the souls that should never have been put here in the first place ?
we are surely the type to win it but why give up the rock in the first place .
plopbottle suddenly remembered why he had come to the bar in the first place .
anyway , whose fault is it we ended up here in the first place ?
of course its the same , where do you think you lot got the idea from in the first place ?
he was nt going to let me go with him in the first place .
i did nt want him to get a pretend girlfriend in the first place .
now we just have to figure out how you got drunk in the first place , zeke says .
well , he should nt have chosen a college so far away in the first place .
thoughts that keep a person distant from the uncomfortable moments that made them wander in the first place .
ai nt that what started the whole thing in the first place ?
double the amount we wanted to spend , much more than we expected , but we really had nt known what to expect in the first place .
in fact , i wish the booth were never there in the first place , as i wish it were not here now in my very cell .
i tried to pry myself off the phone , but she kept rambling on and on about how my sister had gotten first place in the county fair dance competition .
i questioned things like why this had happened in the first place and what my role was .
this is why i have been given this idea in the first place .
how stupid of me to bring the silly thing over in the first place .
cleverness always required just that little bit more cleverness to reach a practical , functional design ; one more innovative solution to a problem that was , if truth be told , only created because of the cleverness in the first place .
my psychologist thinks i 'll get an uplift over my current meds , but i ' m not even sure i needed to be on these things in the first place , much less uplifted .
he thinks the fact that you established a link with somadina in the first place is evidence that you were on the path to becoming a telepath already early this year .
you might want to ask seor miguel how he came to be in that circumstance in the first place , given that at one time he was the majority shareholder in their holding company , propiedad fortaleza .
well , the money part was in the second place .
in the first place , the mans not gon na want a nigger for a lawyer .
you chose the first place , leslie said .
that was in the second place .
i guess that s where you met her in the first place , huh ?
that s in the second place .
in the first place they ve got millions of people to contend with , not just you .
in the first place , there is the language barrier .
i think that , in the first place , our institutions will benefit from an injection of youth .
it claimed that the cost of fighting corruption is actually higher than the damage caused by corruption in the first place .
junior piersons place .
i do nt know why i ever ran in the first place .
he slowed as he neared the turn for scotts place .
this is like what he did to chase ya pa out of karrazard in the first place .
that s why he tricked the king to exile ya pa in the first place .
but there probably has to be a genetic predisposition to the illness in the first place before any narcotic could possibly trigger it .
never should ve been on our ward in the first place .
especially not over something that was nt likely to ever happen in the first place .
his mind reeled as all the pieces fell into place .
not that he was likely to understand a word out of the section leads mouth , so maybe there was no point in him being here in the first place .
its not ; your egg had to come from a chicken in the first place .
first discover what year they set their records , in order to determine the speed answers to 3 decimal places , or fewer as appropriate ( ignoring the decimal point ) , in both mp / h and km / h ( in that order ) , will provide the combinations .
the two major differences though , were that , in the first place , it was necessary to identify that it was in fact a needle they sought .
she spent her days with her friends at school , she hadn`t made it very far in badminton after the new assistant coach had suddenly failed to make regular appearances , she had ended the season in fourth place in the provincials not even ranking high enough to go to regionals .
and in the third place , i was none too happy with the sense that whoever was in charge of life appeared to be playing silly - buggers with mine !
when yezre talkin to er , yez could ask er why she run off in the first place , eh !
what was with hiding the reverends letters in the first place and deceiving herself about the agnes connection ?
i was nt over being angry about the agnes letter but , in the first place , it was now poop in the bowel of a dead goat and , in the second place , i did nt want asael to have to listen to an argument about the reverends sixteen - year - old , bare - breasted , live - in convert .
i was nt over being angry about the agnes letter but , in the first place , it was now poop in the bowel of a dead goat and , in the second place , i did nt want asael to have to listen to an argument about the reverends sixteen - year - old , bare - breasted , live - in convert .
if i d stayed at home that morning or gone home instead of lingering at amaltheas maybe none of this would have happened in the first place !
in the first place , frieda , who she lets into her pants is her business !
the matter should never have been resurrected in the first place .
i looked at isak , whose eyelids fluttered wearily , and one by one the pieces clicked into place .
the life they created would surely demand to be nurtured , to be kept alive through fevers and ear infections , vomit and spit - up , and perhaps a wailing shriek of a cry that makes one feel like a helpless idiot who should have never been allowed to conceive in the first place .
she could n't make joe wild - eye 's target when he had n't wanted to be involved in the first place .
the music was coming from that room , and there were also other sounds , which she could nt quite place .
everyone has their suspicions about what makes these young politicians tick , and how exactly they got into their positions of authority in the first place .
however , tim , keen to keep things calm at the office nearly always balked at the possible confrontation that would occur if he were to refuse the staff member access ( as the policy insisted ) and he would no doubt back down again making him feel very foolish for raising the matter in the first place .
luckily shed told them that she was running late , so there was nt a lecture in store for her but there was an always an unfinished conversation hanging in the air relating to her being a nurse in the first place .
i actually just feel silly now for having been so convinced in the first place that i d found richard .
looking up after a moment he noted that the other hermits around in the grove , in this forest of mortification , had come round and were staring , shocked and dismayed at these violations of procedures on the part of their fellow ascetic ; the very one whose incomparable self denial had become legend among them , and in fact , had led them to him in the first place .
at laughters sound he smiled more deeply , then still more deeply at what had made him laugh in the first place , then again .
poncey wondered where otis got the money for his shine , and where he got the shine in the first place .
as i glanced over the steering wheel at the sun setting over the farms and fields along the way , i thought about how i got here in the first place .
she started avoiding her own friends as well , and she frankly did nt have much to say to her dad , who had put her into the awful situation in the first place .
for gods sake , she s already at a disadvantage with this group , having to plead to get in , in the first place .
the new girls upstairs were almost all profit , of course , after the fair amount of overhead he had to invest in procuring them in the first place .
this here is an american discussion and i do nt understand how these foreigners ever got admitted in the first place .
its why they built the ancestral croft here in the first place .
just as a way to feel like i was wanted in the first place .
the woman two places ahead of him was stopped and taken to a cubicle .
her sacrifice had seemed to be worthwhile when dee had qualified to compete in the commonwealth games , held in manchester , but she had been injured in training and lost her place .
i come along and disrupt your routine , and i m a member of the public , who are not supposed to be here in the first place , so naturally you re upset and pissed off and not thinking very clearly .
dying a lonely and terrified death and wondering how she had ever entangled herself with a man like hampshire in the first place ?
this was no doubt due to the doors location relative to the chalkboard , but more so , it was due to there being a chalkboard in the first place .
after a few minutes searching the first floor of the tall building , alex started to doubt that he was even home in the first place .
or for that matter , who she was in the first place .
momentarily , she was struck with contrast and stark beauty of it all as she struggled to organize her thoughts and remember why she was even here in the first place .
well , in the first place , i m not all that experienced at marking trees .
and in the second place , where the heck are we going ?
steve was one place ahead of her .
it will cost so much that you may have to sell your precious golden acres farmwhich should be mine in the first place !
dividing ireland at all had been a mistake in the first place , and then they got it all wrong as well .
its because i think you have a brilliant political career ahead of you , that you re here in the first place , young as you are .
of course , they blame the media , but they realise they should nt make unguarded comments in the first place .
but then this whole venture is a risk - even telling them about it in the first place runs the risk of an enormously embarrassing leak .
neither do i , agreed clayton , whose idea it had been in the first place , anyway .
so you should , as it was your idea in the first place .
how did it get here in the first place , and how did it come to have that list put inside it ?
how an earth he ever managed to be accepted in the first place is any ones guess .
including isaac payson , who as far as i could see was the one who set the fire in the first place .
noel hammonds place first .
because i can not compel anyone to fall out of love in the first place , and he promised to kill me out of pure love for my daughter .
i am still not sure what the cure is or how it started in the first place .
probably because in some , if not all cases , the cash they were now short of was ill gotten in the first place , suggested hooper .
they re not supposed to know that we discovered it was theirs in the first place and that it contained a kalashnikov .
i am sure my government would also wish to avoid a major dispute arising out of this case , always assuming , of course , that you are able to prove your allegations in the first place .
it belonged to us in the first place , and i can assure you that , when it was returned to us at the meeting between makienko and jarvis , it contained no papers or copies of papers relating to any business of the british government .
a complicated round robin tournament was set up to take place over the next 6 broadcasts of riot .
but , it was also bad form for joey to call the spot in the first place .
anonymous had in the first place could be adjusted to account for the new information .
in fact , you 're still bothered about how i got into the school in the first place .
or maybe it was his , in the first place .
you still have time to follow the clues and make it back here in first place .
i won first place and advanced to the finals .
all of which is too many steps removed from a feeling which was all too fleeting in the first place .
if london ca nt get it on , does nt get it up for the olympic games , it ll say to lenny that he was wrong to come here in the first place .
kens job is to , ah , place faces .
what ill be most interested in is how , after all these politicians get their noses into the confidential material they re not suppose to see in the first place , it will spill out to the public .
although the thoughts had been mercifully absent from his mind since leaving elspeths house until now , at least he had been increasingly worried about how the investigator had found him in the first place .
it was largely what he figured it would be : little more than a largely - speculative historical account , although he could nt immediately find any of the information which had brought him to the page in the first place .
a hidden detail clicked into place .
if the palins were here illegally , how could eric have gotten an account in the first place ?
especially when they do nt want to believe in the first place .
those who might think that wests successes were dubious because the subjects were not really dead in the first place would be wrong .
but what would prompt one to begin such an examination in the first place ?
had i even heard anyone in the first place ?
then something fell into place , and i was myself ?
i could n't see any good coming out of dragging it all through the court in the first place if we were not going to pursue the rape charge .
macallister 's first reaction had been relief that it had not happened on his patch , he would not liked to have to tell his wife jean that kirsty 's wedding might have to take second place because a copper and an old lady had been shot and killed in a cocked up bank job .
he knew he only needed a few more points from the last two races , just one more fourth place and he was champion and so he did n't believe i would do it .
why on earth did anyone build four cottages here in the first place ?
` ` paul , what is bothering me about this the most , and please do n't take this the wrong way , is that you are here in the first place .
its entrance was cleverly positioned , which might explain why i had such trouble locating it in the first place .
so why did n't hitler escape to those caves if that was his goal in the first place ? ''
` ` so far we still do n't know who he is , where he is and why he is there in the first place .
the world is changing , rick , no - ones content on the other side- as if they were in the first place , interrupted chris to himself .
basically , yes , replied lancer , now thinking the simple approach would have probably been better in the first place .
matter still stands , if he was nt then how did he manage to cross over in the first place ?
however , a strong gale gusting up a blizzard made sure that the eye was nt able to see so far in the first place .
repeated richard disapprovingly , you never had any in the first place !
maybe they d realised that beating up a contract killer was not going to do much to raise their own life expectancy , always assuming they succeeded in getting that close to him in the first place .
not many people knew he was going to buy a bike in the first place , never mind the exact location of the dealer .
marty was nt meant to be in the race in the first place , tequila pointed out , pulling nick out of his daydream .
and then he remembered that if it were nt for him , they would nt have needed any survival skills in the first place .
nick was relatively sure that he could hold his own under his scrutiny , especially since there was nothing likely to raise suspicions in the first place , at least as far as the police were concerned .
like how could the explosion take place in the first place , when the boiler is two years old , has been serviced on time and vents straight to the outside of the house .
i wished i had never been exposed to it in the first place but wishes could do nothing .
what it was doing inside such a historical artifact in the first place ?
why are they here in the first place ?
another piece falling into place .
who else could that be but the warrior - monks , those who had hidden the powder in the first place ?
` ` why did they do it in the first place ? ''
it was what got our attention in the first place .
that is why i did not spot the iridium in the first place .
it was why he had involved himself in our affairs in the first place .
that s what got him in trouble in the first place .
otherwise i would have never visited jolly old london in the first place .
i 'd never asked him why they were even there in the first place .
that would imply we were together in the first place . ''
that is , if they even made it inside the airport in the first place .
suddenly , it all fell into place in cobbs mind .
that s what attracted me to you in the first place .
elephant man would still win first place , but human would be a close second if it were i doing the judging .
it should nt have come to that in the first place .
as i was walking toward the courts from the parking lot , i could see that i was actually in second place : there was a man cuddled in a raggedy sleeping bag up against the wall .
now i was wishing i had nt brought up the subject in the first place .
i contemplated darrells proposal , i was reminded of how i ended up in banff in the first place .
why , she questioned , did she marry him in the first place ?
i do nt know what to pay attention to in the first place .
i was nt planning on telling you girls in the first place .
they were wondering how on earth they got here in the first place .
it was already against the rules that you were allowed to land in the first place .
who made your energy in the first place ?
it should have gone down in the first place .
why would he do such a thing in the first place ?
it is how we got into this mess in the first place .
she never wanted the original truce in the first place , but since she was nt the leader of the order of crovir hunters at the time , she could nt influence that decision .
then he thought about why the tube had stopped in the first place .
why oh why had he kidnapped the girl for the creatures in the first place ?
in fact , i heard that he was dead set against the acquisition in the first place , and had no time for philip .
i did nt know why i d bought them in the first place ; it must ve been out of habit , because i definitely did nt need a skirt to train in .
it was the only reason he let me come to arkansas in the first place .
but prayers , to mills mind , were supposed to keep such things from happening in the first place .
this guys no dummy , but does nt it seem odd to you that he would be so conspicuous in the first place ?
you would nt be in this mess if you had n't shown him the pictures in the first place .
now hold on a minute , i do nt know how he got my name in the first place , but he gave me a contact which i checked with my boss , and he agreed to see hendricks .
that was what had caused his problems in the first place .
she said she could nt stand the sight of me , and it was my own fault for not listening to her in the first place .
he said , well , i feel sorry for the little kids that were killed , but the women knew what they were doing and were part of the terrorist plan to kill americans or they would nt have been in the camp in the first place .
they were nt just angry with the local authorities but angry that the united states government allowed the camp to be there in the first place .
whenever the forex desk of one market - maker bank on his list would start getting nervous , i 'd just hit the next place in line .
` ` we can do what we probably should have done in the first place : simply stash this for the moment and let noda think we know what 's in it .
straight down fifth to your place ? ''
i ' m afraid my people were somewhat overly zealous , installing one there in the first place . ''
as he walked onto the asphalt of the connecting roadway and headed for the entrance to command , he puzzled over how these thugs could have penetrated the facility in the first place and why security had not handled the problem .
is n't that the security bunch that wired this facility in the first place ? ''
part of the problem , he thought , was how do you ask somebody if they ' ve lost something that they ' ve never admitted having in the first place ?
in a degree of soul searching quite foreign to his normal mental activity , he found himself wondering why he owed israel such allegiance in the first place .
what a lousy idea it had been to include them in the first place .
that 's how these bastards got in here in the first place .
this screw - up never should have happened in the first place .
going there in the first place . ''
` ` what the hell are they doing outside in the first place ?
how the hell , he was wondering , did michael vance get on the island in the first place ?
` ` what 's the second place ?
it 's horrible to be born into a family that has put culture at the first place .
now , with the din of her abuse in his ears , he had to do something to shut her up , and concentrate on what had maddened him in the first place , and brought him back in .
in the first place , there 's no point in worrying before you have to .
and in the second place , the risk is only theoretical .
he should n't have got into this with her in the first place .
` ` that seems fair , '' ethan said , ` ` you 're the one who wanted us to sit here in the first place . ''
his name 's wrong in the first place . ''
` ` if you know you 're going to die in this place , why enter in the first place ? ''
who set the whole chess concept up in the first place , for example ?
he was surprised anyone even knew the town existed in the first place , much less care about bringing a whole military platoon for a meet and greet .
we ca nt settle for second place or honorable mentions anymore .
i ca nt believe we lost first place to the nurses from the hospital he said they had the skit of being lost in a parking lot and not being about to find there car it was a good skit though .
we do nt have anything to say to you bobby yelled out as he walked by it was your fault you got caught in the hardware store you should nt have been in there in the first place .
you ll probably end up in last place you want to bet ?
lets see warren said and thought for a moment you have to come in first place and if you do nt win , you have to wear a sign saying cry wolves losers and walk up and down main street all day not a problem .
how was it formed in the first place ?
second place was nt good enough anymore .
greed will get you places .
so why bother giving scientists a ufo in the first place ?
i bet that s why the military is here in the first place .
he was too far away to hear what was going on , but why was this group picked up in the first place ?
looks like everything will be alright after all he paused for a moment however , ca nt imagine why they took our families in the first place though sam whispered .
why were we brought here in the first place ?
luke looked over to bobby skeptic charles king says the world should not even bother listening to the general in the first place , because he s a crazy man who rambles on about secret military bases out in the desert and evil aliens .
aliens would not have contacted them in the first place if they were mad .
kyle agreed it is frustrating when a skeptic who was nt there in the first place tells someone what they saw .
it was nt like it had the gleam of a winner in the first place .
nine times out of ten rory and anyone else working that day would be out to the upper place .
then it would have been much easier if you never filled that formulary in the first place , would nt it ?
postponing stuff or making things happen sooner than they should was what put us in trouble in the first place .
maybe not all the time , maybe not about everything , but he clearly does and its time for everyone to consider questioning him at least once in a while : i had to go and establish it as a fact that he does , however , because the nuance just was nt reaching most and that was probably a direct result of me not being a good writer in the first place .
that was why he was kicked out of the pack in the first place .
to take you back home , i know you did nt want to be here in the first place .
nameless andrew wondered how the baron could acquire so much power in the first place with such qualities .
do you have any idea why they were up here in a blizzard in the first place ?
i did nt want to come in the first place .
i never did drugs in the first place .
if he focussed on that , everything else should fall into place .
at this point in his childhood , if that was really what this was , he had not yet settled at his new school and could not , for the life of him , determine why his father suggested it in the first place .
that s what made you drink in the first place .
they surely must have put you onto them into the first place .
in the first place , he s married .
we agreed with him because it seemed to make sense to at least look a little bit in here , since that s why we were here in the first place .
something acidic that she could nt quite place .
after all , i never wanted to set out on this adventure in the first place .
all of j & k , including pok is ours and these turds have no business being there in first place .
` ` how did brooks get the briefcase in the first place ? ''
the engraving at the base read ` ` 1980 second place fbi western region . ''
she snapped her fingers as something fell into place .
your system is capable of repairing any damage to your cells , or perhaps even preventing that damage in the first place .
third place , claw .
stop asking me before i ca n't really remember which one she said to get in the first place !
whoever heard of some kidney beans in the first place ?
you can buy it after its taken first place .
if it wins first place .
he watched judd bring in first place for weight of his melon .
as a matter of fact , i suppose you could say it was a spirit that sent me down your way in the first place .
in fact , he found it easy to let her go since he had nt even been the one to initiate his interest in her in the first place .
what its really about are some over - confident arseholes who like dressing up and making a noise , failing to remember speeches that they have nt understood in the first place .
there were other colleagues who thought , privately or not so privately , that a chap like david thomas had no business being at simpson rose in the first place ; that he was too brash for their taste .
matthew only registered the death of some illusions that for him had never really come to life in the first place .
-actually there is a big difference peter ; in the first place i have nt broken any laws , and second , when you look at the numbers involved here , there is nothing common about it .
so far as i could find out , we brits were only there in the first place because some of our rulers had stolen land from the locals to set up farms for themselves that they liked so much they were nt prepared to let go .
he was nt sure why he d raised the subject in the first place .
you know i never wanted to sell any kind of defence goods in the first place .
the most stupid thing he could have done was to suggest this trip in the first place .
-another civil war , i suppose : that s how the fascists gained power in the first place .
whether it meant the number was nt withheld , or there had nt even been such a call , or there had nt ever been such a girl in the first place , he did nt know .
because that s what brought you here in the first place .
the zimbabwean situation is complicated by the fact that the president of zimbabwe , bobby ebagum , has been reluctant to have un operations in the country within the first place .
i am confident that mrs . feng is doing her utmost , i believe that you recommended her for the position in the first place .
the first place , the first city that had access to groundup superpower .
of course , usda policy was designed to introduce techniques and policies to avoid such shortages in the first place , and less so to counteract them in the event of one .
oh , damn ! -i knew you would ask that and what i have are some preconceived notions based on almost nothing but vague observations of his obsequious behavior toward two or three individuals.-these persons do have some political power over him , anyway , but his toadying attitude toward them seemed , to me , to be more than fear of political reprisal , somehow.-i hate discussing my boss with anyone , in the first place , because he is my boss and he represents this office , but also , because i could be wrong and it smacks of gossip , something i detest.-however , i was forced by his self - incrimination to consider it my duty to see if he is guilty.-these other people have done absolutely nothing to deserve my suspicion.-it is only that i have heard him talk to them before in that same tone of voice , that subservient , ill do whatever you say quality in his conversation with them.-i just do nt feel justified in sharing those unsubstantiated feelings with youor anyone else.-can you understand that ?
it only became your favorite after i took you there in the first place .
this was the reason why she had developed a temper in the first place .
despite this , sean knew he must have had some talent to persuade a us champion to tutor him in the first place .
that was the reason jack had pulled her into his division in the first place .
mike would never have allowed things to get this far out of control in the first place .
asked why she had ever agreed to marry him in the first place , ellie told chris that , had she been open about her affairs , the element of danger would have been missing and the excitement dulled .
it was wrong of me to tell her in the first place .
it surprised me that this had nt been offered to her in the first place it seemed a logical way for professionals to get to know her .
the damn thing must be low on battery again , unless i had nt locked the car in the first place .
still , not the sort of crime you d expect tally to get tied up with in the first place y2k scam like that .
also to send out those last few sample e - mails from jd nel - m suddenly sat forward , the final pieces of the puzzle falling into place .
but with another long breath , she started to relate jac mcelroys recent visit , falteringly at first , but gaining momentum with her rising indignation , while nel - m made a couple of cryptic notes at his end , a slow smile creasing his face as the final pieces of the puzzle fell into place .
` ` how do you think he got us into this situation in the first place ? ''
nina always had a thing against blonde girls in the first place , and this was only making it worse .
if he was dead in a couple of days , none of these idle fantasies would be worth anything in the first place .
some of the passengers had to have been seriously hurt in the sudden stoppage , but at this point seth and nina had to busy themselves looking out for their own backs , not other people 's ... especially not the businessmen that caused this whole thing to happen in the first place .
this is exactly what i did which got me in trouble in the first place .
he had nt given the two of them nearly as much thought as he had about the world - shaking implications of the plague , and he felt embarrassed to have put her in second place .
for one , my parents could stay together ( or more so , the whole concept of the divorce could have never presented itself in the first place ) , steve joness parents could have had a different child , i could have given bianca her necklace back and she could have a crush on me , and i could be athletic and attractive .
agent 2c had been rated as the second best agent for almost 5 years and would remain in second place until agent shadow died or retired .
if you 'd come to me in the first place , we could have avoided all this , sam said .
the emphasis is mainly the initial values in an experiment , change the fourth decimal place and you get a completely different scenario .
that was how she 'd snared mcteague himself in the first place .
` ` it was claire who came to me in the first place .
mcteague should have listened to me in the first place .
i laughed , ` ` but the truth is we do n't even know what the hell they want with us in the first place , so we ca n't afford to take any risks . ''
it was another of his breed who caused me this difficulty in the first place .
lucas did nt worry that he might be delirious ; but then what was a man who had no mechanical knowledge doing out here alone in the first place ?
joy seemed to be in second place .
the night before had become a blur of non , pardons , head - shaking and hastily closed doors those that had opened in the first place .
he d spent so much of his life devoted to others that his own welfare automatically took second place , so why worry about the fall , he told himself .
everyone stared into their drinks , down to their hands , or at a pen stuck between two decimal places .
first place , winner take all .
second place , the joke had gone , was a set of steak knives .
then why even bother coming here in the first place ?
i ca n't figure out why you married her in the first place .
she wanted to be left alone , in the first place .
he laughed as he contemplated why he had undertaken that adventure in the first place .
my astonishment was a mixed bag ; surprise that anyone else might even consider me worth recruiting , disappointment and even depression that my naivet might be so close to stupidity that i had nt even realized a pitch had been made , and outrage at the assumptions about me that had to have been made in the first place .
i do nt think it really does anything to deter the crime in the first place .
he had even begun to wonder why he had the lawyer in the first place .
the reason sam picked this spot in the first place .
if only that bulb had n't of popped , i thought , we might not be in this predicament in the first place .
` ` should never have employed him in the first place , '' i scoffed .
i was sceptical in the first place , but a bully like him had no intention of changing , he was just playing me .
the driver quickly got out of the car and apologised to penelope and i that he had forgotten his manners for not opening the doors for us , but we were fine , we were just pleased that he had offered to give us a ride in the first place .
it is apparently a most prestigious event , fought fiercely each year by hundreds of competitors from all around the world , with prize money totalling nearly half a million , being awarded down to sixth place .
and so it followed that it probably had nt been them in the first place , you ken ?
the third and second place teams were brought out and handed their prizes before finally , alongside mr . donald , our very own professor alan humphries appeared on the podium .
he insists , although he will not explain why or how , that we must assume this is why the professor latched onto poor old ollie in the first place .
the neighbours dog got him in the end and while i accepted the loss quite well , finding enough forgiveness to continue sharing my jam sandwiches with him as i had always done , i was never entirely satisfied with the story of how palladium had got into their garden in the first place as i was saying though , customs .
there was no damage to the car , but we had to flag someone down and get them to phone the rescue services - and it took ages for anyone to drive by in the first place .
somehow or another , all the governments who had any in the first place , have managed to recoup all the scottish money they lost to alan humphries .
why could n't you have said that in the first place ? '
the final piece of edwin 's puzzle fell into place .
it was obvious that there had been much more in the first place .
her happiness was interrupted by the same old man who had called george over in the first place .
i have nt seen you ride , and there s no reason to push that hard in the first place .
this was not uncommon in europe in the first place and frankly more so among those from asian countries .
he continually referenced a book called the emperor wears no clothes and had a compelling argument for what got us here in the first place .
in some instances it was likely to make him later than he would have been in the first place , due to the belief he still had a few minutes to spare .
` ` thanks for seeing me detective , i 'll see myself out , '' it was only then that i realized what had been bothering me , how the hell had she managed to get passed the desk downstairs in the first place * chapter seven .
amazement settled into staggering shock , not only at the audacity of the act , but at the loopholes in our security system that had allowed such a disaster to happen in the first place .
another question was what was it doing in akron in the first place ?
of course , i had no way of knowing if hanson had even heard the story in the first place .
i agree wholeheartedly that we need to be more security conscious , but i m more concerned about finding ways of keeping you safe and out of harms way in the first place .
a frown crossed his face as he probably recalled just how he came to the attention of the police in the first place .
strangely , it never occurred to me to get up and leave or even to refuse to go in the first place .
in first place we should nt have give billy admission .
i should not had chase them in first place .
how could you in first place conspired to tell lies .
now what on earth woke me up in the first place ?
` ` you understand this places you at the scene at the time of the murder ?
she was useless for choosing father in the first place , selfish , only ever thinking of her .
too much time to think the thoughts that got you there in the first place .
a tune she could still not quite place .
it was your idea to get the van in the first place .
i mean why would anyone want to blow up the train in the first place then allow your cousin to warn you ?
it has not been fictionally explored in the domestic english publishing media , perhaps due to fears of stroking tensions , which explains why mainline publishers were wary of bringing this out in the first place .
soon , billions of dollars were being spent on these investigations , money which might otherwise have been used to end the corruption within the medical and insurance establishments which had created this problem in the first place by simply doing their job of actually treating the sick and dying .
both nations are now left in ruins , and they are worse off than if we had not acted in the first place .
he was simply revenging the murder of his only son , brandon , and , in any event , corpses had no rights in the first place , because they were dead .
and why should he waste what little time he had by attempting to alert a disbelieving world in the first place , especially when the very survival of gods church was at stake ?
so far as we know , moscow has no idea he went to switzerland in the first place .
with all due respect , your lot at gchq , who forgot to monitor the phone in the first place , should by now have done some sort of analysis on the call from donald .
you do nt want me , he added , or we would have stayed at home in the first place .
we also had in mind the fact that you had recruited her in the first place , sir robin , and that she had joined section 11 on your recommendation and with a good security clearance .
second place , northeast orienteering meet , said jasmine .
it sounded strong and futuristic and suited my reasons for the piercings in the first place .
but how did he know that there was going to be a shuttle bus in the first place , art thought .
he saw in his mind the sheer quantity of blood she had shed during the delivery that had left him afraid for her , vowing that he would never touch her again and cursing that he ever had in the first place .
more often than not he had found that it was simply a matter of asking the right question and when that happened , everything else just sort of fell into place .
ben was destined for trouble , regardless of his actions , his fate sealed by getting on the wrong side of steyn in the first place .
ben had been there when they most needed him , and now this disaster had arisen due to his indiscretion mentioning bens name in the first place .
` ` i won second place in a community art show .
if a crook truly believed in hell , he probably would nt become a crook in the first place .
and flinger could never explain why they had wandered that way in the first place .
as i strolled to the house , i shuffled through this mornings fare , a slightly larger white envelope winning first place in the capturing my attention sweepstakes .
i was able to glance into the auditorium , which was desolate with pockets of students , perhaps only the anonymous ones who had petitioned school officials in the first place .
after all , illegal immigration was what landed me there in the first place .
she could nt believe he had the actual nerve to plant such an idea in the first place , so she ignored it even though he would ask often if she had made a decision .
i do n't even know how i got up the strength to ask rachel out in the first place . ''
` ` what brought us here in the first place ? ''
i asked him why the he / she was dressing up as a woman in the first place .
if it had been down to her , the man alex swinton would never have escaped in the first place .
why they do nt take more than a few eods at a time in the first place .
two hundred and tenth place , hollis , queens .
i told them that i wished i could take alisa away from them but that she was too stubborn to leave a family that did nt deserve her in the first place .
pha had lept to second place , behind singapores changi airport , as singapores most famous landmark and tour operators were quick to capitalise .
she realized that part of what was missing from her account was exactly why lord reginald had wanted to meet her in the first place and what was so important about him telling her about lady anya .
responding a little confused as if he had forgotten why he had the dna test done in the first place ted responded , huh ?
` ` why were you consulted in the first place ?
how did he get the information in the first place ?
i do nt know why we did nt see this in the first place .
they were starting to wonder if maybe they might have made a huge mistake in taking helmets in the first place .
he felt like that was his just reward for putting justin in that position in the first place .
how in the world did he make that harness in the first place ?
so many parts of the jig - saw puzzle were falling into place .
if you can do that , i have a feeling that the rest of this will fall into place , and my actions will be viewed in the correct light .
and now , under the pretext of coming to visit me , she is once again attempting to rob me of first place in his affections .
why even use peyote in the first place ?
when silver got to the kitchen , she already came to her senses and almost forgot what she was after in the first place .
he knew this girl as calm and reasonable person , otherwise he would ' ve never communicated with her in the first place .
now that selena gave it a second though , it seemed like the poem from the book was n't about love in the first place ...
he would ' ve probably treat her way more seriously if she would wear a dress and stiletto heels ... well , if she had some magic power of foresight to predict situations like that , she would n't have gotten into this mess in the first place .
hey , by the way , why did you start all this hijacking mess in the first place ?
james is guessing the cops are plenty inured to this behavior by now , true , but that they surely have taken every measure possible to not hear this crap in the first place .
its an allegedly routine traffic stop , and though these officers tailing you were supposed to have some justifiable cause for running your plates in the first place , by now it had become so obvious that they could conjure up any litany of vague and hard to pin down excuses up to and including the murky all purpose swerving allegation , that few people bothered challenging them anymore .
jennifer and the only actual girl friend she knew here were standing with the other girl that they re barely associated with who had dragged them here in the first place , and they re holding mixed drinks , and talking to a pair of preppy and good looking but fairly dimwitted hunks they d met just moments earlier over by the bartenders cart .
the rest falls into place with ridiculous ease .
the first piece of the puzzle falls into place without a hitch , if inconsequentially .
the year before , i took second place at blackpool , the most famous dance competition on the planet .
second place winner is just first place loser .
second place winner is just first place loser .
why were you here in the first place ?
who 's first place loser now , bitch ?
where does the thought come from in the first place ?
she never wanted george in the first place .
the second is : what caused the catastrophe in the first place ?
and heres the clincher , carol announced.the ultimate definition of addiction is the preference for a mood and mind altered state.we have to ask ourselves , why did we need sedatives in the first place ?
yeah , but the letter would never have been sent in the first place if he had nt been helping us out . ''
chapter 19 donovan shut the door behind the courier that had come for sanderss file , and turned to sally.she had been quite the trooper.not once did she resort to an i told youso , and had been working diligently since early morning to repair the files.after they had completed the sanders file , there had been elaborate notes added , documenting the patients refusal to resume his medication.the records stated that his decision had been explicitly against medical advice , and that the patient had been counseled on the dangers of sedative withdrawal.there was also a note added about an office follow up with the patient by phone and that the patient had refused further treatment.the doctor was pleased with the final version.every patient that had refused to return to the medication received the same notes added to their chart.fortunately for donovan , there had nt been too many of them.most patients were terrified of what was happening to them and with a little added encouragement from a doctor , they were happy to resume taking the drug.donovan had convinced them that they would not be having so many problems going off the medication if they had not needed it in the first place .
explicitly , '' jerry laughed.she told me that it was a doctor that had done this to her in the first place and the last person she ever intended to let near her again was another doctor . ''
i had very little money in the first place , and so much of that is gone , used up paying this beast .
it was likely that the spectacle of the gushing fire hydrant had helped witnesses forget what had caused the car to crash in the first place .
unfortunately , he nudged the file rack that was n't particularly stable in the first place .
i wanted to believe that there was still hope , even though it never existed in the first place .
i guess she thought it was in her best interest to change the subject and said , why d you agree to come up here if you knew this in the first place ?
had he raped her in the first place ?
not that anyone can see your house in the first place , but no one reported seeing any odd vehicles or such .
he did a half shrug which either meant he bought my lie , or he did nt really care in the first place .
i did nt want you here in the first place .
you never trusted them in the first place .
i mean you had to have known him or you would nt have sent us there in the first place ; right ?
he did nt know where he was walking or why he was walking in the first place .
that being permitted that 00 would let her live in the first place .
why was even this company started in the first place ?
to get up there in the first place they d have to vault over the seven - foot - high concrete ledge in seconds .
why had the victims become victims in the first place ?
it just fell into place .
that was how he knew about shane in the first place .
it 's my own fault for getting involved in the first place .
like what was he doing in natchez in the first place ? ''
` ` but why did he choose to help you in the first place , ellie ? ''
and this goat rodeo was my stupid idea in the first place .
the rest will fall into place .
you would nt have gotten pulled over in the first place if you had nt been going sixty - five in a thirty - five mile per hour zone .
i never should have in the first place .
it was you who got us all into this in the first place , tim , and i ' ve had enough of the bullshit .
furn took position in front of the spy hole , ignoring the fact it might prove a close cousin to a snipers telescopic sight ; the apartment was nt particularly modern in the first place but it aged another ten years with the doorbells tired rendition of ding dong .
not a friend of yours or you would have asked him in the first place .
funny , cause i m telling myself if you had any skills you would ve been on this job in the first place .
furn had nt been wearing it in the first place .
breeze realised with a chill his reaction to the bullet was as out of his hands as had been the bullets trajectory in the first place .
and besides , that is what attracts cases to the rip in the first place .
it may have been curious that there were no tracks or roads to indicate how the train carriages had come to be there , but it was nothing like the curiosity furn felt for the helicopter landing in a place like this in the first place : even the nearest signpost that said the next town was hundreds of kilometres away was probably hundreds of kilometres away .
` ` and i told you , '' cricket said , recognizing his voice for these final fleeting moments and remembering the child who had sent him on this journey in the first place .
unsmiling , serena finally looked up and took in her surroundings even before she acknowledged the people who occupy the space in this cabin which is too small a space for all of these folks in the first place .
there is a gross unfairness in a society where those that already have money steal from the millions of their fellow beings who have actually created the wealth in the first place .
it should never have been given in the first place .
why not spend the billions at home on your own poor - after all , it is these very same home grown poor who have paid the tax in the first place .
yes , he 's back from somewhere sunny - still looking a bit of an oddity - aged a lot and hair all over the place with a long beard - but just as opinionated as ever - quite clear the man should never have gone into politics in the first place .
how they got prequalification status in the first place is unknown , but it automatically short cuts their approval rating and grants them legitimacy on the basis that they 're seen as having performed ok in the past .
in the first place , i do n't have to tell you as a fighter pilot about the functions of r.d.f .
she stood on the desk that seated the computer , disengages two wires above the window seal , betraying how she managed to get inside this mini mansion in the first place .
evans and other peacekeepers in calhoun had fed the data to xavier and the one did what he could from the inside to gain all the information for a defenseany type of resistance against what eventually struck atlanta and their house ; that s why julian , myself and his black knights approached michael davenport in the first place .
jon looks at tara and wraps her up in a hug without notice , excited that the last piece of the puzzle was about to fall into place .
it was time to bet back on point for his visit to this womans home in the first place .
whatever happens from there he feels that he accomplished what he came to atlanta for in the first place .
and injured ones who had never made it to the tennis court in the first place - including the inevitable one or two that had n't survived the last few terrible hours .
if , and that s a big if , they are allowed to touch it in the first place .
it had nt been his idea to do this in the first place , that dubious honour fell to jones .
in reality he meant that his position was in jeopardy for authorising the procedure in the first place .
from there , the puzzle pieces began to fall into place .
i mean , why did you give me the money in first place ?
that 's how they earned their wings in the first place , however .
` ` why could n't you have been my driver in the first place ? ''
louis decided that they either they were out looking for the children or they had decided to try to escape serenas wraith for allowing this breach of security to happen in the first place .
the bureau should have been more loyal to this man , especially considering how many former fbi agents were responsible for this mess they were in the first place .
none of this should ve been happening in the first place though .
why did you come to africa in the first place ?
it was a shame your life did not quite work out the way you wanted , but considering you should not have a life in the first place , i think you should be more grateful , but what do i really know about human emotions ?
it was something of a miracle she had discovered the cigarettes were missing in the first place , but then insisted on blaming her brother for their disappearance .
i would imagine the secret is not to get to know them in the first place , kate .
of course she was going to take them , she would be stupid not to , and was definitely stupid not taking them in the first place .
why was sam standing on it in the first place ?
that s what got him into this mess in the first place , estrade observed unhelpfully , flicking an invisible particle of dust off the sleeve of his jacket .
it was my idea that gram go with you in the first place .
or for dragging me into this in the first place ?
quite apart from what the photograph displayed though , it was still against every rule of the town to have kept it in the first place .
but by the time he got to each place it was hopeless , and drew would have had too much of a head - start .
what made him turn and look at the panic button in the first place ?
the ability to dig a successful tunnel in the first place suggested some level of modern technological understanding .
how do you think he got to be mayor in the first place ?
he wished he was just back at camp with jimmy , making up some johnny cakes , and frank froze as it all fell into place .
i took a sip thinking of sues complaint about the security guards and one more sip wondering why , oh why , was that umbrella ever left in the movie theater in the first place .
but what i do nt understand is how they even came to suspect me in the first place !
it was her , that asked me to employ maria , in the first place , '' i said , and it was my turn to go on the mobile .
i guess to steal it in the first place .
christian , why on earth did you go to the police station in the first place ?
why were you in the hotel nortons bathroom in the first place ?
why had nt i been honest in the first place ?
i ' m sorry i did n't believe this conspiracy of yours in the first place .
but then things got even easier i found the perfect way of ensuring he kept his mouth shut again , another piece of the puzzle falls into place .
but that was no more a mystery than why she was here in the first place .
` ` not exactly , '' frank answered , ` ` but she 's what made me think of you in the first place .
` ` but , as he said , it was my responsibility to keep that sort of thing from happening in the first place . ''
for that was all he had , and why he had gone awol in the first place .
after all of miss jennings ramblings it was a little hard to pin down what she was really trying to say in the first place .
why did nt you say so in the first place ?
in the first place , any airplane is expensive to maintain .
within the first several days , she began to wonder how it appeared so spotless in the first place .
she was the reason he was in trouble in the first place .
madison had n't even noticed it was on in the first place , but it now filled the uncomfortable lag within the denali .
maybe that was why he thought to steal the key , in the first place .
why would he have changed , in the first place ?
you must have wondered where her mother got the stone in the first place .
why were you limping in the first place , again ?
how could she understand it , in the first place ?
as it was , however , he occupied second place on this stage and attracted no - ones attention .
the idea that there are flood tunnels that were constructed and artificial beaches is probably a great fib told by those who failed in the first place or they just caved in over time and have been lost .
if i believed in charity , i would probably not be rich in the first place , and then where would i be ?
in third place , i myself have the honour of being included amongst such distinguished company , continued drisdale , next was a woman , as yet unidentified , called maria gomez .
- to bring the whole bloody thing tumbling down , and do nt try to sound all innocent , i know all about you and the green brigade , who do you think tipped them off about you in the first place ?
stipe boasted , as if he was nt the one who lost them in the first place .
mrs watson opened the door , looking irritated at being disturbed by her employers daughter , who she seemed to think had no right to be living in the house in the first place .
especially seeing as he was the one who kicked you out in the first place .
i should never have been in that position in the first place .
so what made you go to talbot road in the first place ?
good , we won 7 points off the first place team .
bill and dana had a great time at their prom and ended up in third place for prom king and queen voting .
it took place at a building in central london .
tight face said , i do nt know how they got in here in the first place .
in the first place , there s no way marcus would be lamebrained enough to tape his deals .
fifth fucking place , which was the best placing i d had all day .
why else would man have found it necessary to invent the supplement of metaphor in the first place , if the literal were as hale and healthy as we often pretend it to be ?
the host -- in a tone i judged to be a bit pedantic -- assured the youth no one derives pleasure from the suffering of innocents , who , after all , were over there to protect in the first place .
the passage of time allowed robert to mull his dubious decision to come to san francisco in the first place .
unknown to gail , chuck had asked marty to move gail to his department in the first place .
chuck raised an eyebrow , why was your brother working for that guy in the first place ?
he wondered why he d brought it in the first place .
well , it helps if you ve at least ridden the bicycle in the first place .
the idea was damn brilliant and why he d gone through the trouble of fully educating her in the first place instead of making her ready for nothing more than a brothel .
he d never even ordered dinner in the first place .
the dodgers were in front , and the giants were in second place .
and why would he do it in the first place ?
he thought the women should ' ve prepared supper before tending to the latchers , but then , he was opposed to sending them food in the first place .
tigers ai n't much ; they 're in last place again . ''
six games were left , three against the reds and three against the cubs , all to be played at home at sportsman 's park , but with the dodgers seven games in first place , the season was over .
the win meant little ; the season was ending with the cardinals in third place .
she could not know that jack warner had never been in love with her in the first place .
and what was she doing on a wing in the first place ?
now , for the first time , grace wondered if perhaps it was society that was criminal , for casting them out in the first place .
the question you need to ask yourself in a death like this is how did the person get into the water in the first place , and was he alive or dead when he got there . ''
no one knew she was at dillwyn in the first place , thank god . ''
` ` it would have helped if you 'd been honest with us about your presence in madagascar in the first place , '' the police chief said stiffly .
how does one even get a hostage past the guards into the pantheon in the first place ?
` ` like you said in the first place .
` ` you were n't going to in the first place . ''
they must have a third place somewhere .
and he was acting like a guy in third place .
` ` how does he get one with the lapd in the first place ?
the first one was three places before that . ''
the third place in line was very similar to the first .
assuming three decimal places for pi and a speed of fifty for the truck , then nine hours and twenty - six minutes made the potential search area exactly seven hundred thousand square miles .
the men were also not told why they were stealing the insecticide in the first place .
defence is a little defensive , you might say , about the fact that this tap occurred in the first place . '
` we 'd be curious to know how you got that coding in the first place .
there was a second problem relating to the psychological tests : how had he managed to get them in the first place ?
he despised gabrielle ashe for ever mentioning nasa in the first place .
i bloody well should have told the truth in the first place !
he had no problem with how he had gotten grabbed up in the first place .
because the un has told them what to do in the first place .
that 's why it was in the constitution in the first place .
i kep tryin to remember just why i married him in the first place , for one thing , and at first i could n't do it .
of course i knew he had a yellow streak in him ; i never would have dared hit him upside the head with that cream - pitcher in the first place if i had n't felt i had a pretty good chance of comm out on top .
' if you were man enough to do what 's right for your kids in the first place , i would n't have to , ' i 'd tell him , and around n around it 'd go , blah - blahblahdy - blah .
he might ' ve snuck off to get the money in the first place , but he had n't ever snuck off to make a will cuttin me out .
' why in god 's name did you buy him a bottle of liquor in the first place ? '
always assuming i 'd even come out here , in the first place , which i hope i would n't have . ''
i should n't have come in here in the first place . ''
in the first place ?
not the first place .
always the second place .
they could n't say yes , if they were n't going there in the first place .
taking her in the first place had been .
it was'a thorough job , and to their credit the brass kept hard at it , but a retrospective investigation into a closed paramilitary world where the only witnesses denied ever having been near the border in the first place was hopeless .
maybe you were n't even a willing participant in the first place .
we 'd more likely go for the second place . ''
` ` what did she see in him in the first place ? ''
guys that were likely to care would n't have obeyed the order in africa in the first place .
you should have asked why he was at saint vincent 's in the first place . ''
she asked , ` ` what made you give him audrey shaw 's name in the first place ? ''
if you include the district of columbia , then indiana is tied for sixteenth place out of fifty - one in terms of homicide deaths per capita .
and she knows you can help , or why would her brother have asked for you in the first place ? ''
gunny samuel cash , third place .
truth was he had actually won the marine corps 1000 yard invitational , exactly ten years after cash had scraped third place .
` ` if you 're right in the first place . ''
when the shoe got to number five , to one of the lille tycoons two places to the left of bond , an ill - mannered , loud - mouthed player who smoked a cigar out of an amber - and - gold holder and who tore at the cards with heavily manicured , sparulate fingers and slapped them down like a german tarot player , he quickly got through the third coup and was off .
in the first place , why did you take on this job ? ''
there seemed less chance of crookedness where so much crookedness had been insured against , but , back of it all , bond knew that the illegal wire services were relaying the results of each race throughout the states , cutting the tote odds to a maximum of 20 - 8 - 4 , twentys for a win , eights for first or second , and fours for a place , and that millions of dollars every year were going straight into the pockets of gangsters to whom racing was just another source of revenue like prostitution or drugs .
bond tried out the system made famous by ' chicago ' o'brien , he backed every firm favourite for a place , or ' to show ' as his first ticket - hatch told him to call it , and he had somehow made fifteen dollars and some cents by the end of the eighth race and the day 's meeting .
bond lowered his glasses and sat back and watched as the foam - flecked chestnut thundered past the post below him with pray action five lengths behind and come again just failing to beat him into second place .
` ` in the first place ?
because teresa should n't have been in there in the first place .
why did you want to be a cop in the first place ? ''
lauren 's father was a doctor in virginia but she did n't want to ask him for the money because he disapproved of her marrying me in the first place .
langdon 's crashing headache had suddenly returned , and yet for the first time since waking up in a strange hospital , he felt a piece of the puzzle tumble into place .
` ` then i stay here and guard you every minute of every day until we get fed up with it to the point where i go after petrosian anyway , irrespective of whether they were kidding in the first place or not . ''
the local bureau guy saved them two hours ' flying time by pointing out that they could hop from spokane to chicago and then change there for d.c . harper did the business with the tickets and found out it was more expensive , which was presumably why the quantico travel desk had n't booked it that way in the first place .
` ` you should n't have gotten into it in the first place .
` ` you should n't have gotten involved in the first place . ''
and it was not until hours later that jill remembered why all this had started in the first place .
chris amon was in fourth place when his throttles jammed open .
twenty minutes later the last piece clicked into place .
ironically , if it were n't for his long legs , danny would n't have been on this crazy job in the first place .
not some asinine party with a bunch of kids from school who 'd only come over in the first place because they wanted to gawk at his mom .
you should n't have pulled her head off in the first place .
` ` you never had me in the first place .
he had not enjoyed the sex with sasha harvey - newton , and he wondered why he 'd agreed to go to bed with her in the first place .
it was a mistake for me to come here in the first place . '
it was what i should have done in the first place .
she should never have taken the case in the first place .
in the first place , there 's not going to be that big a demand for oil , so those mythical tankers of his will run empty .
but , on the other hand , if i were a sane , normal human being , i would n't have gone to him in the first place , would i ?
secretary general renaud said sourly , ` ` so you and detective marais were unable to get any information about how a man was murdered in an area it would be impossible for him to be in , in the first place , and impossible for his assassins to get to or escape from ?
` ` i ' ve decided to do what i should have done in the first place .
` ` that 's probably why she married that carnival person in the first place .
the conversation had led inspector trignant to believe that daniel cooper could have been wrong about tracy in the first place .
` ` even if we could , how would we get hold of them in the first place ?
mary sat there listening as the pieces of the puzzle fell into place .
` ` in the first place , you 're going about this all wrong . ''
` ` in the first place ... '' the private phone on the desk rang .
` ` i suppose that 's how you got here in the first place . ''
if felix carpio had n't blurted out that we were headed for san sebastian , i would n't have been burdened with the sister in the first place .
several more pieces of the puzzle were beginning to fall into place .
and suddenly the puzzle fell into place .
i ' m afraid it was foolish of me to go to you in the first place .
why would a fella kill a harmless old lady like martha clarendon in the first place , ' less he was stoned ?
he detested the very notion that he had a mother - in - law in the first place .
currently in nineteenth place .
he could argue with anyone , privately , that this was another perfect reason why state supreme court judges should n't be elected in the first place .
` ` the pirates are in last place , and they 'll be in last place come september .
` ` the pirates are in last place , and they 'll be in last place come september .
with seventeen games to go , the mets were in first place , two games ahead of the phillies , and primed for another choke in the stretch .
there was no alarm system , no locks on the windows , nothing of value to attract thievery in the first place .
the final piece of the puzzle had just fallen into place , and mr . deville would want to know it immediately .
he was not the type to evoke a lot of trust in the first place .
` ` i want him out of prison ; '' jack snapped , as if they 'd put him there in the first place .
so i ' m in fifth place . ''
the police eagles were usually in first place , a testament to the dedication of dewayne sanders .
williamson tripled '' ( june 11,1965 ) ; ` ` the oklahoma state bank yankees scored twice in the opening inning ... ron williamson and carl tilley got two of the four hits ... each being a double '' ( july 13,1965 ) ; ` ` meanwhile the bank team bounced into the second place nest ... ronnie williamson had two doubles and a single '' ( july 15 , 1965 ) .
during the skirmish , peterson , at a bench conference , said , ` ` he ( featherstone ) places both ron williamson and dennis fritz as associating with each other in august of 1982 . ''
mark barrett was asked how the injustice occurred in the first place , and he gave a long history of the misguided prosecution - the five - year delay , the lazy and suspicious police work , the snitches , the junk science .
why were you arrested in the first place ? ''
in showing up here in the first place , ambler realized , he had permitted wishful thinking to swamp his better judgment .
that they were his own children in the first place was something of a mystery to him , so little did they take after him .
it had been madness to have asked him in the first place .
maybe it was what made him a mogul in the first place .
government officials were the ones who had ` ` outsourced '' the task to fenton in the first place .
she still saw him as the man who had rescued her ; could not accept that it was he who had imperiled her in the first place .
maybe he was the person who recruited tarquin in the first place . ''
and if you fuckups were on the ball , i would n't have had to drag my sorry ass here in the first place . ''
it had to be a message from fenton or one of his people , who had given him the device in the first place .
he would be taken for one of the many businessmen who , not so illustrious as the ` ` participants , '' had paid very significant amounts to attend - those , that is , whose applications were accepted in the first place .
` ` but how are we going to get the guy 's card in the first place ? ''
and i wonder whether you factored that into your equations when you devised this harebrained operation in the first place . ''
in parrish island , the quietly murmured words of encouragement : it was she who had planted the notion of his escaping in the first place , even the exact date - he realized that now .
why was my husband 's name forwarded to washington in the first place ? ''
` ` but how did you know about it in the first place ? ''
hell , wewere n't even sure why halliday used anstett in thefirst place .
why did he come to see you inthe first place ? ''
` ` we 're already an hour off our schedule , and dr . creston was n't too happy about us coming up here in the first place . ''
` ` and how did he get his hands on them in the first place ? ''
kretek had n't had high hopes for the effort in the first place .
it was the fact that he and fadi were here in the first place .
it was probably why he 'd been chosen by the drug runners in the first place .
' why did n't you tell me this in the first place ? '
` ` that 's why alex came to me in the first place . ''
now the final piece of the puzzle had fallen into place .
did n't that mean that he 'd never wanted him in the first place ?
` ` it was from him they took the ring in the first place . ''
it was the voice that had sent him the dossier on the ring in the first place .
ci is in need not only of a clean sweep but of a fresh perspective untainted by the monolithic thinking that got us into this insupportable situation in the first place . ''
to be frank , i do n't think you ought to be messing with them in the first place . ''
by why did n't you tell me that in the first place ? ''
it was risk enough that the trail of the impostor assassin had brought him to macao in the first place , but as long as he stayed away from the lisboa hotel he trusted his instincts .
in the first place , why would someone as rich as ogilvie settle for aeroflot when he could be on the concorde to paris and air france to moscow ?
` ` then you have the folks who built the system in the first place . ''
who , exactly , was luigi in the first place and who was he taking orders from ?
` ` but what 's he doing here in the first place ? ''
` ` but why was he after me in the first place ? ''
and if it was really secret , would they have put it on paper in the first place ? ''
not that there ever was a name in the first place .
as a result , he was now stuck administering an irreverent gang of military and civilian scientists , most of whom did not take well to authority in the first place , particularly not to narrow - minded bombast like kielburger 's .
' because they never would have let him come here in the first place unless someone very highly placed thought he was on to something extraordinary . '
i talked some and asked a few questions but never that much , and in the second place i do n't think mason and i ever said more than ` ` hello '' to each other !
' why did kendrick insist on anonymity in the first place ?
' but he had to seek the positions that gave him the opportunity to speak in the first place .
' why did we bring him to in the first place ? '
to me , it 's a real question whether we need a security consultant in the first place .
why did you accept the mission in the first place ?
collins was why he had left consular operations in the first place .
` ` and , '' malone said , ` ` if you went proactive and actually revoked these letters of marque , you 'd be implying that they were valid in the first place .
why involve us in the first place with her ? ''
a simple mechanism utilizing gravity and nature , but he wondered what its purpose had been in the first place .
according to a recent article in the post , bennett 's group was in third place and losing ground by the month .
the pentecostals were in second place , and evidently they had fought with themselves as much as the baptists .
` ` hell , that 's why i nominated him as dci in the first place - over emily powell - hill 's vigorous and often - expressed objections , i might add .
their long - standing feuds and internecine conflicts were largely why castilla had asked him to organize covert - one in the first place .
how did they reach the brigades in the first place ? ''
` ` why was it ever issued in the first place ? ''
` ` why was it stolen in the first place ? ''
why did he have the shop in st . albans do the repairs in the first place ?
but this was before we found you , how we traced the matarese to corsica in the first place . ''
i do n't even know how they found me in the first place ! ''
another clue in the patrick puzzle had just fallen into place .
one of the jurors was later quoted as saying , ` ` we just assumed they were guilty , or else they would n't have been charged in the first place . ''
the winner is brown , with twice as many customers as baker in second place . ''
lonnie shaver had pressing business , and deeply resented the notion of sequestration in the first place .
cable asked with enough compassion to deflect some of the ill will for bringing up the tragedy in the first place .
` ` it 's the trial , hoppy , '' cristano said , and the first piece of the puzzle plunged roughly into place .
then why did you give them the invitations in the first place ? '
it 's another to learn who put the money there in the first place .
why was sigma formed in the first place ?
that 's why he brought you in , in the first place . ''
we had debated what number to first place on the table .
and their informant , who had alerted them to the parachute drop in the first place , did not know , either : information was strictly compartmentalized .
but how had that agent been uncovered in the first place ?
well , my family 's in business that 's what brought me here in the first place . ''
none of your potential victim - states are particularly adept at war in the first place , and when your germs finish , they 'll be defenseless . ''
and a silencer works by dispersing the blast of gas relatively slowly , which weakens the recoil in the first place .
vic never felt it in the first place .
lots and lots of travel , phony offices for mail drops , plus a fifty - thousand - dollar donation to the party that got him into the campaign rally in the first place .
` ` he was n't happy about me running the audit in the first place .
` ` tied for first place , '' froelich said .
cassano and mancini opted to try jacob duncan 's place first .
we should have done that in the first place . '
reacher said , ' i want to know how you knew the duncans in the first place .
how did that scrawny pasty - face creep get a radio show in the first place ?
` ` i did n't want to be there in the first place , '' hovdahl told this reporter .
now jack can not remember why he wanted to make an omelette in the first place .
in fact , what is mr . sawyer doing here in the first place ? ''
for instance , this morning she was telling me about a story in yesterday 's paper on a little girl from la riviere who nearly took third place in the statewide spelling bee , except she could n't spell this crazy word nobody ever heard of .
to have not seen them moving in the first place would have been even better .
well , it 's still relatively early , but the fourth has come and gone and the brew crew has returned to miller tied for first place with cincinnati .
but i do n't know how ty could have won something in the first place .
` ` i caan n't , '' tyler whines , and jack wonders how such a puler ever managed to survive over here in the first place .
` ` but of course , if not for the talisman , he never would have been there in the first place . ''
the secondary system crossed when the primary system began to overload , just as the power - system architects had planned ( although in truth , they had never planned for the primary system to overload in the first place ) , and as a result , the primary system operated for a full seventy seconds longer than the secondary system .
` ` i made you mad in the first place , '' shelby said .
she 's in the closet , '' charity julius said , and another piece dropped into place .
' you need to figure this out ; it does n't make any sense for you to be stuck back there , not after everything we went through to get into college in the first place . '
but what reason did he have to kiss me in the first place ?
` ` does n't pi have an infinite number of decimal places ? ''
why did n't you tell me this when i give it to you in the first place ?
it 's what made this place so intriguing to me in the first place .
even a little deranged , which was who i was supposed to be in the first place .
i was the reason michael had been there in the first place .
she should n't have slept with him in the first place .
` ` cassie- '' agent briggs started to talk to me in the same voice the director used - like i was a little kid , like they had n't brought me here to solve cases in the first place .
after all , the money from extra sales made as a result of my ale - inspired salesmanship more than covered the cost of the ale in the first place .
after all , benjamin was the one who had helped establish nassau in the first place .
what had their glorious leader washington done , except for leading them into that mess in the first place ?
` ` if your men did n't buy my produce , i would n't be selling it here in the first place ! ''
but the brothel was an important link in his network , and he admitted to himself that if he really had had absolutely no faith in her , he might have leaned on her harder in the first place .
there 's what you get if you 're lucky in this life , and it ai n't much in the first place .
he could n't remember much of the specifics just a few details , unconnected and he had a sense that there had n't been much of a narrative flow in the first place .
if he had a hangover , the first day back to work would seem twice as long , and the first day back after a suspension , with all the shit he 'd have to eat and all the jokes he 'd have to hear at his expense , was going to seem pretty damn long in the first place .
but his hands were too slick and clammy and who knew if woodrell was really sleeping or just faking it , and maybe jimmy did n't have the physical strength in the first place to hold that pillow in place while the huge man 's huge arms swung back at his head , scratched his face , gouged chunks of flesh from his wrists , shattered his ear cartilage with hammer fists .
tired of books and tv and the nightly news and songs on the radio that sounded exactly like other songs on the radio he 'd heard years before and had n't liked much in the first place .
` ` and why else would she stop the car in the first place ? ''
the last place , sean .
it was this knowledge that someone other than jimmy possessed an image of katie that postdated jimmy 's own that had finally allowed him to weep in the first place .
rap just sucked , plain and simple , and val listening to it was a lot like val driving this car , trying to hold on to something that had never been all that worthwhile in the first place .
teddy remembered why he was in this room in the first place and took a few moments to take stock .
but that seemed as unlikely as there being one of them in the first place .
and when chuck stuart took a 9.5 swan dive off the mystic river bridge , it pretty much confirmed what a lot of people had already thought was obvious in the first place .
if she 'd hidden anything there in the first place .
` ` but she was n't , and he has nothing to do with any of this as far as we can tell , and the woman vanished , and we ca n't find any record of her having existed in the first place .
it only lasted a month in the first place .
always afraid , terrified actually , of faceless bureaucrats and bill collectors who looked down on me from above and decided my worth based on my bank account , judged my right or lack of right to earn money by how much i 'd started out with in the first place .
and she was n't going to have anything to do with all that money that had caused all this shit in the first place . ''
in the first place , there were no outs that i could see .
the windows had accumulated so much dust it was a wonder we 'd been able to discern garfield in the first place .
not that many distraught parents would have hired us in the first place .
i was off balance , and my ear was buzzing , and i never was much of a boxer in the first place .
` ` how 'd you come to know him in the first place ? ''
sometime during all this , the red sox had lost , and the crowd had thinned slightly , though it had never been much of a crowd in the first place .
i was running full out , and i ' m pretty fast in the first place , but i was losing ground steadily as they reached a straightaway , no curves , no tunnels .
why were we fucking dykes in the first place ? ''
it 's like any dysfunctional relationship - sure there were good things about it or else how would you get into it in the first place ?
one was overweight in the first place , so , you know , but the other , she just bought larger - size clothes and kept eating junk food in front of everyone and nobody picked up on it .
` ` not bad for a story , '' i said , ` ` but it does n't answer the original question - why were we there in the first place ?
there were also the emotionals -- men like hannity from the one - one , who had never been able to hold his liquor in the first place and whose eyes welled up too quickly with mention of ` ` fellowship '' or ` ` justice . ''
it turned out to be the first stroke of good luck luther 'd had in some time -- he 'd been heading for east st . louis in the first place .
they were in third place right now , third and sliding toward the basement .
think , too , how pointless it was for gavrilo princip , that hopeless fool , to assassinate the archduke in the first place .
do n't waste yours pining for a dead woman who was n't worthy of you in the first place . ''
she had said no kissing , but that went the way of their not being lovers in the first place .
so much good could be salvaged from this world , so much virtue could be reaped , if it were virtue that was sown in the first place .
the credits flashed quick across the black screen and joe , who never went to movies in the first place , could n't have cared less who was responsible for making it .
well , be it so ; a deadly struggle would then assuredly take place , in which if he were victorious i should be at peace , and his power over me be at an end .
but how did demestriu come to capture you in the first place ? ''
` ` i said , when you talked to sam the other night , did you say ' i love you , ' '' he repeated the words that had drawn mortimer 's attention back to him in the first place .
he wanted her to watch what she 'd brought about and she gave in with resignation , knowing it was little more than she deserved for angering him and causing it in the first place .
it 's probably why they came up with them in the first place . ''
` ` i did n't mean to get into this in the first place , and i do n't know what the hell i ' m doing .
` ` it 's your bloody help that caused this in the first place , '' he snapped .
then they had voted for first , second , and third place .
` ` why did they take you in the first place ? ''
inez supposed she should n't be so surprised , he 'd certainly moved faster than the tram and it really had n't been that long a ride on the tram in the first place .
perhaps she 'd seen marguerite , he thought and then suddenly recalled that this had been his first thought when he 'd realized she 'd been controlled in amsterdam , but marguerite had n't even been the one with the phone in the first place .
what he needed to do was focus on his reasons for being there in the first place , not the inescapable awareness of claire standing so near him , a warmth and presence that he felt straight into his marrow .
but he shook his head and chuckled at him  self , apparently writing off his senses to the tales he must have heard about the place being haunted .
dread because she did n't think amelie would release her in the first place , but even if she did ... even if she did , what about shane ?
so the message was the paper , like if a normal person had thought of it ... not that a normal person would have thrown a rock into their house in the first place .
her discussion with frank about why someone would want vampire blood in the first place .
maybe you were n't even out climbing on halloween in the first place .
to be smart , he should never have married me in the first place . ''
it was fine and good to be defiant to the end , but it was better not to get caught in the first place .
but then , that 's what got you into this mess in the first place , is n't it ? ''
either he had n't found it , or it was n't here in the first place .
fear of the monsters had driven them underground in the first place , and now we had invaded their safe haven .
not that i wanted to in the first place , but beyond being stabbed in the back or destroying a rival , they did n't seem to worry about their kin .
` ` why were we there in the first place ? ''
` ` why did n't you just tell me that in the first place ?
it was fine for the rest of us to do foolhardy things , but our sole purpose for being here in the first place was to protect jill .
it was the most important thing in morganville to him - in fact , claire suspected it was why he 'd come here in the first place .
claire , we were wrong to let you go off on your own here in the first place , no matter how safe we thought it would be .
people whose protectors never cared enough in the first place .
this was never yours in the first place . ''
and ivy was off and out the front door , never having told alexia why she had jaunted all the way out to woolsey castle in the first place .
i was n't sure why he 'd ever left it in the first place .
their love for each other was overwhelming , as was my guilt , that they 'd felt the need to do this in the first place .
unlike you ... and grandma , really , when great - gran was turned , they were never entirely human in the first place .
` ` you should n't have taken these -- you should n't have been in there in the first place . ''
sophronia wondered where he 'd learned it in the first place .
i did n't need to start having to defend my job as well - especially when it was a job i had n't particularly wanted in the first place .
how could she have tracked shea in the first place ?
it was you who allowed such nonsense in the first place .
` ` that 's the reason i came here in the first place .
how did the organism get there in the first place ?
i did n't ask you to interfere and i would never have been injured in the first place if you had n't been whining so loud the entire world could hear you . ''
` ` you come up with the ideas in the first place , razvan .
you did n't even notice that i was angry in the first place .
` ` you were reprimanding me for allowing her to hunt in the first place , vikirnoff .
i knew i should , i knew i should never have connected in the first place , but your voice saved me .
as she moved steadily forward , the mournful note that had set her off in the first place seemed to increase .
i was the one who asked you to look at her in the first place .
hand movements spread the molecules in the first place .
why had he ever talked to this fool in the first place ?
this was why she had come in the first place , this young woman with the too - old eyes and the sorrow already etched into her face .
that 's why katherine was attracted to fell 's church in the first place .
stefan had given it to her in the first place , and after she died he 'd taken it to wear on a chain around his neck .
he 'd probably been an idiot to rely on damon in the first place .
` ` that 's probably how they got rich in the first place , '' colby said snidely , then was immediately ashamed of herself .
he 's in a slump and she ca n't afford that with regina breathing down her neck for first place all the time .
vikirnoff wished he 'd never set out on the journey in the first place but he was n't about to tell gregori that .
` ` then how did you manage to get up there in the first place ?
everything he 'd been working toward was now falling into place .
` ` why did n't you just say this in the first place ?
` ` but what i want to know is how did they discover that i was alive in the first place ?
emmy dipped inside my head and tried to pull some of the memories out , but pieces are missing , like how i got into the colony in the first place or why i went there . ''
` ` that kind of thinking is what got us into trouble in the first place . ''
` ` that was the whole pointof coming here in the first place . ''
` ` believe me , i was n't even thinking about it in the first place . ''
she should have trusted her feelingsin the first place .
the only reason she 'd noticed it in the first place was because the body style reminded her of the car her late husband had owned , but she could n't swear to the color .
the mere fact that he felt compelled to search her home in the first place was crossing a line that should forever change the way sean looked at her .
if alcide had been stupid for giving her idea credence , jannalynn had been mean for thinking of it in the first place .
she 'd shake off her strange lethargy and get up , free to return to the addiction that had brought her to this squalid street in the first place .
one who had n't protected them from this order in the first place ?
did i guess your first place ? ''
then again , when she 'd spoken with ackmeyer a few hours ago to arrange the trip , he had n't exactly sounded eager to make the journey in the first place .
so if she was , how did she get onto the disappearances in the first place ?
` ` or perhaps i never had it in the first place .
and besides , it 's my fault you 're in this mess in the first place .
` ` the only reason i was dead in the first place was because of you .
that 's why she took it from nalina in the first place . ''
olivia had really had enough of garrick stephens for one day -- after all , he was the one that had started all the trouble with serena star in the first place .
it had been stress- ful enough getting to ivy 's basement bedroom in the first place .
reality came back , and she remembered why she 'd come in the first place .
and i do n't think i needed the shot in the first place . ''
others were running , mostly the ones who 'd elected not to go up against bishop in the first place .
how could you trust him in the first place ? ''
` ` he 's going to try to steal it , '' i said , thinking i 'd been stupid to trust nick in the first place .
david , my alpha , was n't having anything to do with it , seeing as he had n't wanted a pack in the first place .
most times they were n't successful , landing under a doctor 's care , where they should have been in the first place .
was that why he had agreed to wear the mark in the first place ?
my god , it was beautiful , and i wondered if it was what had attracted his vampire master in the first place .
` ` why did n't she just do that in the first place ? ''
` ` i did not think it was funny in the first place actually , barry , ` ` i said .
if she had been a real detective she would have questioned sir horace about his motive for getting out of his armor in the first place .
but she stole them in the first place .
and you know how much i dislike making them in the first place .
i mean , they should n't have really been here in the first place , right ?
yes , she 'd wanted her parents out of this mess ; it had been horrible when they 'd been dragged into it in the first place , and not a day had gone by that she had n't wished there were a way to smuggle them out to safety and get them a real life somewhere else .
` ` and i want to make sure this thing did n't make him sick in the first place . ''
` ` only mistake i ever made was coming back to this cursed town in the first place , shane .
` ` if i 'd believed claire in the first place , we could have stopped this .
i 'd like to know how a book of demon magic ended up in your attic in the first place ? ''
the temple of erinys , '' she said , snapping her fingers as the name popped into place .
i can hardly countenance his approval of the scheme in the first place .
this was largely held to be one of the reasons queen victoria had appointed her muhjah in the first place .
why did n't you just come ask me in the first place ? ''
` ` i want to know what she was doing here in the first place , and why she was consorting with the enemy while pretending to be our ally . ''
` ` it was a stupid idea in the first place , and it 's over ! ''
ben said , ` ` how could humans have captured him in the first place ? ''
` ` then why would anyone have sex with a succubus in the first place ? ''
since she 'd turned in the first place ?
she was jumping up and down by the time gray 's lizard crossed the finish line , capturing first place .
he 's going to go back to the dark side on us , if he ever left in the first place .
either way , it would probably hold a lot of vampires -- like the ones morley had applied to be allowed to leave morganville with in the first place .
unlike the vampires claire had dealt with in morganville , these were newbies , like michael ; people who 'd been turned against their will in the first place , and made sick at the same time .
` ` so why not simply tell me his name in the first place ? ''
mistake number one had been coming here in the first place , thinking he 'd just take another look at the female who , by breed law , belonged to him .
but his staunch opposition to animal abuse -- the very thing that got him fired in the first place , after witnessing years of torture in the makeup company 's testing labs -- put a fire in ben 's belly to take a stand .
he had clicked the device into silent mode , berating himself for the uncustomary lack of sense that had made him carry the damned thing on his hunt in the first place .
why would a guy like him even notice you in the first place unless it was for dinner ?
then what was he doing there in the first place ?
that s what has gotten me here in the first place .
but that was the way he got me in the first place .
the question was , how had he gotten lost to the human world in the first place ?
reporters also interviewed the police who 'd been there , the postman who 'd called 911 in the first place , twelve kinds of neighbors , and the mayor -- who was evidently ` ` calling upon the fine men and women of the cpd to solve this terrible crime against the caldwell community . ''
it was hard to say where this was going to lead them , because she never would have predicted their split in the first place .
` ` i should have told you who you were feeding in the first place , but the war 's a messy , nasty business , and i did n't want you to get sucked into it .
in response , his jockey cropped him on , whipping his hindquarters - which had all the success of someone cursing at a car whose tank was on e. the colt in second place , a big chestnut with a bad attitude and a stride as long as a football field , took immediate advantage of the slowdown , his jockey letting that horse have all its head .
it was the reason he 'd come to boston in the first place .
it did n't seem prudent to discuss the order 's business in such a public arena , and it would be next to impossible to mention her association with the warriors without explaining how she 'd come to know them in the first place .
she 'd insisted on coming here with tegan in the first place because of her vow to camden primarily , and because she wanted to do her part to uncover whatever secrets might have been hidden in the old book that marek had been so eager to have .
she had n't wanted him to join in the first place .
` ` i guess that does leave me in last place .
objective : look hotter than monica and make everybody totally forget who threw the party in the first place .
well , not any stupider than she already was to come here in the first place .
if the agency had n't called her off in the last place ... god , what had the town been called ?
if you lot were n't so f**king anal about vampires in the first place ...
pressured into the auction in the first place he 'd refused to go the full monty and do the strip routine the guys had wanted .
i was n't really sure why i was so worked up in the first place .
and it was an art that was impossible if you were n't able to sleep in the first place .
i never broke curfewi never went anywhere from which to break curfew in the first place .
the pain twisted in familiar patterns through my body , the jagged hole ripping me open from the inside out , but it was second place , background music to the chaos of my thoughts .
i was perfectnot healed , but as if there had been no wound in the first place .
did n't she realize that if we had n't been carrying on at the barbecue in the first place , the tragedy might never have happened ?
he shrugged off his sour feelings , surprised at their emergence in the first place .
do you know what spooked your female in the first place ? ''
she was the one who 'd coaxed emma to go to paris in the first place .
i would n't be in this position if you 'd let me go in the first place .
and the reason gabe had chosen celeste in the first place .
maybe that was the only reason moss had made his appearance in the forest in the first place .
he had already won first place in hipsterville 's art fair .
` ` forget it , '' kade said , instantly regretting that he 'd made the call in the first place .
` ` because it was our fault you met him in the first place , '' he replied .
second place equals second rate .
why would he kiss you in the first place ?
she felt compelled to conclude that he was mortified to have kissed her in the first place and was hoping she would forget it ever happened .
curious that any man from a conservative family might opt to try for metamorphosis , she asked , ` ` why on earth did your brother turn in the first place ? ''
such sentiments should have prevented you from allowing him such liberties in the first place . ''
after all , you had to be a little eccentric to be living in this hard land in the first place .
after all , that was the reason she 'd been running to chess in the first place last night .
she 'd almost forgotten that she 'd used a spell to get him in the first place .
not to mention the fact that the ancient must have had a reason for placing the material inside her in the first place .
good god , what the fuck was she thinking , getting involved in this shit in the first place ?
` ` what on earth was she doing up in the first place ?
he snapped , and then added , ` ` you should n't have been out here in the first place .
if we had n't , she never would have come back a vampire and would n't have needed the blood in the first place .
besides , i did n't want him to go through with it in the first place . ''
it was why he was up here at the cottage in the first place .
i had no idea now what was true , if veronica had ever left in the first place or returned from being gone .
` ` well , perhaps it 's what i deserve for kidnapping you in the first place . ''
jenks overreacted by hitting her with it in the first place .
why she 'd made so many of us in the first place .
that had annoyed her as much as him having the thought in the first place .
i do n't know why you were even in the graveyard in the first place .
but what were you doing here in the first place ?
` ` how did you get into all this in the first place ?
i`d be forcing him to remain in town indefinitely , perhaps longer than whatever was mysteriously holding him here in the first place .
` ` how did he get past my warding spell in the first place ? ''
but then bettina realized she was no longer that girl - the one who 'd begged , the one who 'd agreed to the tournament in the first place .
a kind of supernatural apology for having failed to protect him in the first place .
if you had nt put them in danger in the first place , none of this would have happened , he said .
perhaps that was why she wanted it in the first place .
you , guardian , should never have brought her back here in the first place . ''
` ` if it was n't for her , we would n't be running away in the middle of the night in the first place .
` ` you should have gone to your parents in the first place .
` ` the problem is that we should n't have just barged in here in the first place , '' gabriel snapped back .
` ` but what happened to al the people who lived on the island in the first place ?
` ` well , there never were that many of them in the first place .
meredith said , ` ` that was the exact reason we wanted to get shinichi 's and misao 's star bal s in the first place .
and if the amount of blood he had already given her was n't enough , it simply was n't a remedy in the first place .
whoever came in second place who 's that near behind you ?
` ` it was supposed to be my choice in the first place .
it 's my fault that the malach spread so far in the first place .
` ` in the first place : who am i ?
black magic ` ` wine '' - nonalcoholic and never made for humans in the first place , was the only drink that vampires really enjoyed aside from blood .
and when you know that there is nothing to forgive in the first place - ` ` ` ` this has absolutely nothing to do with last week ! ''
but really it 's only because there 's one in the first place , '' she whispered back to him .
well , never again will we mistake you for blunder - headed idiots who never really asked why my sister would give you any clues in the first place , much less clues that outsiders could understand .
i mean '' - he leered - ` ` why not just go and swallow the key in the first place , hmm ? ''
i could n't even remember her name now , and i wondered if i 'd ever even bothered to learn it in the first place .
her thoughts came to a clattering halt as everything fell into place .
it was elena 's fault that bonnie was in danger in the first place .
it was all very well to be grateful to damon for saving them , but if not for damon there would n't have been a problem in the first place .
and all living cells have a tiny part of god 's spirit in them , lestat , that 's the missing piece as to what makes life happen in the first place , what separates it from nonlife .
this may sound absurd , but it was a difficult thing to leave in the first place .
` ` i am more to blame for letting them subject you to the trials in the first place .
the succession of dis - organizers he had owned had proved quite successful at very nearly sorting out all the problems that stemmed from owning them in the first place .
how lord and lady maccon had come to be residing in lord akeldama 's third closet in the first place was a matter of some debate among those privy to this information .
the first sounded familiar , but it was difficult to tell who it was , as they both were speaking in a foreign tongue biffy could n't quite place .
what other point could there be in gathering the information in the first place ?
could n't you have done that in the first place ? ''
while i am very grateful to him for seeing to you , wayward husband , it does seem to me that it was his men who caused all the fuss in the first place . ''
` ` but we do n't even know why he separated me and you in the first place , '' olivia said , unconvinced .
cassie bent over to watch the flame dance , wondering how they lit the thing in the first place .
she limped along , staring at the snow , ` ` assuming that was n't my plan in the first place , why should i be worried ?
in fact you wondered why she bothered to try in the first place , but heroines always do .
then again , maybe i should tell ishmael to go to hell , since he 'd caused this mess in the first place .
i ca n't believe i let you take it out of here in the first place ! ''
the irony was that i 'd have to convince trevor , who had started the rumor in the first place that the sterlings were vampires , that he had been right all along and now was in line to be the newest victim of jagger and luna 's deadly duo .
` ` i was surprised that she accepted them in the first place , but i did n't think she 'd still keep them after all this time . ''
betrayed , even , as ridiculous as it was to think she could have counted on him in the first place .
why did they come with you in the first place , and if you had the aid of angels , why did you fail ? ''
` ` thanks , '' i managed , though what i wanted to do was start a tirade about how it had n't been a mistake in the first place .
i gave you the wish in the first place .
or you might try blaming the person responsible for her death in the first place ! ''
at rydstrom 's grave nod , she asked , ` ` then how could he trap you in the first place ? ''
well , that would have been good to know in the first place .
i was n't really sure why i had done it in the first place .
i was n't sure why it had been my mission in the first place .
it was part of what had gotten me into this immortal situation in the first place .
they were the ones who got her into this in the first place . ''
for some reason , actually seeing peter in his noctalis form was more shocking than telling her he was n't human in the first place .
not that our conversations were very normal in the first place .
acheron had trained him and he 'd been a master pupil , especially when it came to killing things that should n't be living in the first place .
however , it takes a distant second place to my need to kill people who annoy me . ''
why do you think they were hidden in the first place ?
since it was his fault caleb was on the team in the first place , the least he could do was rejoin .
ignoring them , nick 's thoughts raced as pieces slowly fell into place .
and what 's the impact of these ancient ones rising , and why do we need a queen of the damned in the first place ?
it had to have a very different ambition , an ambition more compatible with the daring that had driven it down into the body of akasha in the first place .
fae law says that changelings ca n't inherit , but a knowe knows the bloodline that pried it open in the first place .
and it explained one thing that had been puzzling me - how tom had found a grimoire with a werewolf spell in the first place .
not that i had one to keep here in the first place , but i could n't borrow a ride from a friend either .
` ` is n't that why you 're at evernight in the first place ? ''
` ` if they 're so dangerous , why is mrs . bethany bringing them here in the first place ? ''
` ` but seeing as how black cross stole it from a dead vampire in the first place , i think of it as repurposing the vehicle .
` ` and if that 's the best you can manage , you should n't have tried it on him in the first place . ''
when mom and dad weren ' t sick with anger at mrs . bethany , they were angry at themselves for coming to evemight academy in the first place .
lovers were fine as long as they understood they came in a distant second place to the job .
what made you go outside in the first place ? ''
which , of course , was the only reason i 'd befriended mona in the first place .
` ` they 're here because they want to apologize to you for whatever caused a rift between your two groups in the first place .
which made it even more remarkable that the body had even been found in the first place .
which was the reason why i 'd come up here in the first place .
after i recover , i jump to my feet , but by the time i get up , she 's gone , and i have no clue where she went or how she even got here in the first place .
besides , if gemma 's here like this , then whoever possessed her in the first place might show up here , too .
i should have headed for the other exit - the one i 'd entered through in the first place , but i did n't .
it was another thing to think she 'd never loved you in the first place .
` ` hell , kali , if tyler were alive and well , my father never would have gone off the deep end , i would n't have been infected in the first place , and none of us would have ever even heard of chimera . ''
i did n't know why i 'd done the damn drawings in the first place .
she could be the one who wanted gordon giles dead in the first place , although i 'll admit it 's doubtful at best . ''
magic was always harder to undo than it was to create in the first place .
hell , i did n't even know where she took the remains in the first place .
but why do you even need the tin man 's help in the first place ? ''
i knew i 'd brought it on myself by having jake mcallister arrested in the first place .
` ` well , you see , that 's why i came in here in the first place .
hell , i still did n't even really know why mab had murdered my mother and older sister in the first place - other than the fact that she enjoyed that sort of thing .
vampires were just like elementals in that some were stronger than others , and the blood they drank often had different effects on them , depending on their own power level and whose vein they were chugging from in the first place .
` ` you want to tell me why you followed elliot slater to the other side of the boat in the first place ?
and why had i done it in the first place ?
that 's how mab even knew it was her in the first place , right ? ''
` ` it was my fault elliot slater fixated on her in the first place .
who told you about mab 's shipment of drugs or whatever was in those boxes in the first place ? ''
not when fletcher had gone to so much trouble to make sure that i knew that she was alive and to bring her back to ashland in the first place .
` ` well , i suppose that serves me right for being such a coward in the first place . ''
fletcher would have known exactly what to do about the mess we were in - the mess i 'd dragged us all into by declaring war on mab in the first place .
that was bad enough , but i could n't help but wonder why there were giants in the house in the first place .
i did n't know how i did it or why it happened or even that it was possible in the first place .
and i thought that maybe - that maybe this was what the prophecy was all about in the first place .
especially since it 's my fault that you died in the first place .
` ` that 's what drew me to him in the first place . ''
besides , nobody but randall dekes knew that the men had been sent to our suite in the first place .
if i remember correctly , you did n't want me to kill the vamp in the first place . ''
i could n't beat dekes , not when he was using my own magic against me , and i was still so weak from the loss of it in the first place .
i might be willing to let bria go , but it was going to hurt all the same - maybe even more than losing her in the first place had .
why did she even leave town in the first place if this was her home ? ''
kincaid had n't mentioned her at all , much less explained why eva seemed to be as familiar with salina 's water magic as he was , or why he 'd taken the time to comfort a girl he should n't have even known in the first place .
if she 'd wanted to , salina could have simply used her magic to force all the water out of kincaid 's body in the first place before anyone had been the wiser .
` ` it 's my fault too for not telling you about kincaid 's so - called catering job in the first place .
i did n't know what she meant by that , or why she had come here in the first place , but i kept my face just as smooth as hers was .
you should have known better than to force me to leave ashland in the first place .
needless to say , owen had been plenty pissed about that , mostly at me , for asking finn to do such a thing in the first place .
then there were the other teams they 'd checked in with - and why they needed so many other people in the first place .
but why even leave the hostages alive in the first place ?
why destroy the things you had come here to steal in the first place ?
` ` i know that you did n't want to come here tonight in the first place .
was this ... was this pit where sophia had learned to dispose of bodies in the first place ?
` ` who do you think hired fletcher in the first place ?
the smart thing would have been to start climbing up the rocky ridge , then find the path that warren , owen , and i had used to get up here in the first place .
` ` you 're the one who brought it up in the first place . ''
maybe it was the drug and the hallucinations that went along with it , but in that instant , everything clicked into place , including burn and exactly what kind of magic was in it .
even storming out in the first place was childish .
one would have to be some sort of special breed of idiot to approach that street in the first place .
why did the fomorians attack me in the first place ?
` ` okay , but how did the fomorians get the cauldron in the first place ? ''
` ` how did curran get a hold of me in the first place ? ''
once she did , she had to contain the guest or she had no business running the inn in the first place .
if it were n't for you , maisie would n't have been kidnapped in the first place , my conscience whispered .
how do you know all of this in the first place ? ''
why would i try to destroy any chance of peace when i worked so hard to achieve it in the first place ?
no doubt david blamed me for clovis taking over his position , since it was my fault the ass**le was in irkalla in the first place .
` ` if you had n't ignored the blood promise you made to me in the first place , none of this would have happened ! ''
` ` we did n't exactly know where mishmar was in the first place , and when we finally got here it took another day to find a way in .
this was the reason i had come here in the first place .
you should n't have put her there in the first place . ''
it was as if the defensive spells had never been there in the first place .
i ruled that the cat had no business on their land in the first place .
` ` how do you know it hurt in the first place ? ''
my turning into a full vampire put me firmly in first place as the world 's weirdest person .
i do n't even have them anymore , and if i had n't drunk from vlad and mencheres , i never would have gotten them in the first place . ''
the same unyielding determination that frustrated me now was what had drawn me to bones in the first place .
` ` no one can hide from death , '' i cut him off , deep satisfaction filling me as the last piece of the puzzle fell into place .
even as he held me tighter and i trembled with the memory of those last horrible moments when i 'd thought gregor was about to be killed , the rest of my life clicked into place .
besides , if gregor had n't cheated in the first place , then there would have been no need for me to interfere , because bones would have eventually killed him .
so far , so good , if you asked me , though truth be told , i did n't know why we were here in the first place .
` ` have n't you asked yourself why i turned against mencheres in the first place ?
` ` what i have n't forgotten is why we were all dragged into this war in the first place .
you know , with a vampire 's natural sense of smell , it 's not like he ca n't sniff you out in the first place .
he 'd figure if they was dumb enough to get dried by you , he do n't want them in the first place . ''
if the health inspector opened that freezer , then dobson would get to do exactly what he 'd come here for in the first place .
` ` you can either give me everything you own and slink out of town like the coward you are , or you can accept my challenge and fight me face - to - face like you should have in the first place .
all except the skirmish that got you here in the first place .
which meant i had n't really wanted to say no in the first place .
or even how to steal one in the first place ? ''
i had n't asked how she knew in the first place , so i was n't going to ask how she knew the specifics .
` ` in fact , i ' m just a f**king scared woman trying to find my damn way in a life i was thrown into , which i never wanted in the first place , but i ' m doing it !
no one wants to glimpse hell , much less be there in the first place , so it figured my bastard uncle would be the one to throw me in this pit when he had become my legal guardian .
as if it had n't been bad enough before , with all of them knowing what we had done in the first place - the authorities , both mys and com , had been called to the scene , probably by the guy with the camera - but now it was in live - and - living color worldwide .
why would n't you ask your best friend if that 's what you wanted in the first place , instead of trying to find a replacement ? ''
little by little , his voice still quiet , king kincaid asked , ` ` and what was ezra doing on top of you in the first place ?
they 're what got us in trouble in the first place . ''
you do n't want them coming back to the truth , so let them think what they want , and once they figure out on their own it 's not true , hopefully they 'll have forgotten your reasons for being in the hummer in the first place . ''
i also said no because you asked in the first place .
` ` fact : he would n't have been paying attention to where my fingers were if you had n't lied in the first place .
cahal shook his head , and pointed at antonio , who had ordered it in the first place .
` ` is n't that what got me here in the first place ? ''
where were you going to send her in the first place ? ''
` ` it seems counterproductive for the demon lord to want me here in the first place , then , do n't you think ?
i ' m pretty much befuddled that i ' m actually here in the first place . ''
` ` why did you choose to sleep with him in the first place ? ''
` ` maybe that 's why she could n't die in the first place ?
` ` this is exactly why you were sent to the underworld in the first place , right ?
` ` it 's a relief they ca n't hear me , but they have to be curious why i ' m home in the first place ?
` ` and then we have to figure out what the hell is going on - why he was even here in the first place .
there 's been no proof she was attacked in the first place , and there 's been no proof that the wolf in question was even a rogue . ''
` ` that does n't explain our meet - up in the first place .
that was why she had come to him in the first place .
maybe it had been the hand of providence that had led her to ronan 's door in the first place .
` ` you would n't have been here in the first place if it was n't for me . ''
of course , she would n't have been there in the first place if it was n't for him .
if he had just followed his own advice , he would n't have gotten mixed up with miss daisy o'donnell in the first place .
and why had daryn attacked her in the first place ?
and was justifying the use of one group of humans for the benefit of the rest of them the reason a law supporting benevolent ownership had been passed in the first place ?
` ` why did n't the terra indigene forbid such a machine from being made in the first place ? ''
is n't that how the bargains between us began in the first place ?
he 'd brought her the map in the first place and warned her to be careful .
like a guy pulling out too quick '' -she made a face- '' causing leakage , or not putting the thing on right in the first place .
and you took friggin ' second place , which is fabulous . ''
` ` all my life , i ' ve felt as if i took second place to my parents ' careers .
and because he had n't said anything else about her panties , which was how he got the nickname in the first place .
` ` so then you had enough power to find this gate in the first place ? ''
she did n't know how she got roped into all this in the first place .
why did n't you say so in the first place .
you should not have found the letter in the first place .
she wondered if he was the one spreading the rumor that she left him or how sam even found out in the first place .
` ` he 's hurt and i do n't know how to help him or how he got hurt in the first place . ''
the dream that sparked this whole expedition in the first place .
he could n't believe he had gotten himself into this situation in the first place .
you 're the one who opened your big mouth and got yourself in this mess in the first place , '' hunter said , angrily .
after all , it was her fault that they were in the city in the first place .
she did n't know why she even said anything in the first place .
that highly deadly ability was the reason he 'd chosen to take control of adon in the first place .
her mind tripped along until suddenly the memory clicked into place .
` ` why would you take such a risk in the first place ? ''
she could not believe she had done it in the first place .
little pieces of the puzzle she 'd always had , but had n't wanted to assemble , suddenly began to fall swiftly into place .
her forehead furrowed tightly in confusion as a piece of the puzzle did not slide into place .
he 'd lost her because of some bitch that he 'd tossed from the palace for abusing aria in the first place .
she 'd never thought to experience love in the first place , never mind this kind of love , with him , a vampire who had taught her there was far more to life , and the world , than she 'd ever imagined .
she knew they would all willingly die before they revealed her identity , she also knew that she had been a fool , a complete idiot for allowing herself to be captured in the first place .
she did not ask him though , for she was n't entirely certain he would give her a truthful answer , and she did n't think he would appreciate her mentioning it in the first place .
he had not agreed with jericho being sent out to try and assimilate with the rebels in the first place .
` ` i did n't want to be there in the first place , and then you had the effrontery to ask me to watch for undead while you married yourself off to - someone else . ''
as if i never had the knowledge in the first place . ''
and besides - i do n't even know how we 're going to explain his death in the first place .
so ... second place . ''
` ` the winners are as follows : third place and one hundred dollars goes to emily jackson .
` ` second place and three hundred dollars goes to , '' he hesitated as if unwilling to say the name , ` ` rowdy hankins . ''
a dark horse would take first place for the first time in years .
i must say that this was a hotly contested race between first and second place , with one eventually triumphing over the other . ''
` ` first place and five hundred dollars , '' principal billings announced as if he were delivering a eulogy at a funeral , ` ` goes to ashe evans . ''
second place was awarded three hundred and third place would get one hundred .
second place was awarded three hundred and third place would get one hundred .
first , second and third place was listed on each strip of engraved metal , along with the year the students won .
why is it that the thing you 're looking for is always at the last place on your list ?
` ` how can you expect a fair hearing on the planet that wants to rape and extort in the first place ?
norian had n't wanted to go in the first place , because of the low temperatures .
and with that , kifirin disappeared just as swiftly as he 'd appeared in the first place .
how had it happened in the first place ?
well , it was too bad they had n't thought about that before they turned to kidnapping in the first place .
why did you agree to teach me in the first place ?
` ` my vampire reflexes are for getting me out of trouble , not getting into it in the first place . ''
` ` now , tell me how solar red came to be here in the first place . ''
` ` now , we need to leave before somebody comes to claim their seats , '' i said and got us out of the plane as easily as we 'd gotten aboard in the first place .
` ` can we go home slower than we got here in the first place ? ''
i was feeling a bit queasy over the execution thing , really did n't want to go in the first place and had been told that it was an honor to be invited .
i wondered if kelvin / kevin had died before or after he 'd arrived in the first place .
` ` how did you get engaged to him in the first place ?
i 'd never wanted to be a vampire in the first place .
a reward was n't the reason i 'd gone looking for him in the first place .
sam and todd had been the bodyguards winkler had assigned to whitney , and that 's how the two had gotten together in the first place .
and even though i did n't want to come here in the first place , and even though i hated every moment of my frozen years to get here , there is a little awe in my voice that even i can not hide .
` ` she should n't even be here in the first place , '' eldest mumbles .
but , then again , that 's what got me in trouble in the first place .
the group that funded godspeed 's mission in the first place .
of course , if you 're from the free kingdoms , you probably have only a vague idea what a car is in the first place , since you 're used to much larger vehicles .
yet the box still sat pristine , as if it had n't been broken in the first place .
` ` he was convinced they had something to do with where the smedry family gained its talents in the first place .
but , of course , grandpa smedry was being tortured by the very same man who had captured sing and bastille and me in the first place .
i did n't know a whole lot about crystallia in the first place .
' i did n't ever really deserve it in the first place . '
besides , there would n't be much point in leaving a trail in the first place .
' we almost forgot the reason why we came here in the first place . '
if the real one ever existed in the first place .
why did they think a librarian and a smedry could marry in the first place ?
' that 's why we sent you in the first place , eh ?
and now you are looking to discover the way that the incarna people got their talents in the first place . '
or maybe i never grabbed it in the first place .
and i have no idea why he 's even here in the first place .
second place , that 's impressive . ''
` ` so what 's the deal with her and second place ? you said on your first night back- '' ` ` cal 's been the most talented ladies ' figure skater for years , but she 's never skated two clean programs in a row in a major competition .
` ` i ' m only upset that she spoke with you in the first place .
` ` sixth place ? ''
calliope bell is in second place .
and i do n't know whether it 's because he was here and then he left , or whether i was just wrong in the first place , but right now i wish he was here .
we ca n't actually see the real thing , the thing that 's casting the shadow in the first place .
i ' m going to teach you everything i know about debate , and you 're going to win first place at the san diego tournament . ''
it was as though the fault in our lunch table had resolved itself into a jagged crack , with luke and sam on one side , and the rest of us on the other , wondering how we 'd missed the earthquake in the first place .
` ` is n't that how you got injured in the first place , barnes ? ''
i cover the basics first , about how the baby gets in there in the first place and what happens after that , and then i tell about the other games that people play when they 're of a mind to be a bit naughty , and for that i hear ` ` eeeeeeeuuuwww ! ''
then again , i was n't sure i was super attracted to colton in the first place .
i did n't even want to be here in the first place .
that 's like second place .
it 's also not paying me in cash , just erasing a debt i should n't owe in the first place .
especially a girl he did n't have to talk to in order to hook up with her in the first place .
this made me panic just maybe a little bit because i shot back with , ' why would i come around when i do n't even remember making out with you in the first place ? ' ''
` ` but you were the one who checked on me in the first place .
she tried , once , but i promised her that i was fine and swore i 'd rather forget it and get on with that i was fine and swore i 'd rather forget it and get on with my life , because that was the reason for the decision in the first place .
consenting to assume second place is not in my nature , and chucking her parents ' wishes out the window is n't in dori 's .
' according to hillary , caren just barely edged you out in the first place .
of course i knew there 'd be no escaping public conjecture about river , but i have n't considered the best way for it to go public in the first place .
i ' m doing what i should have done in the first place - taking some f**king responsibility . '
in the first place , men and boys are used to thinking of females as all pink and white and powdered up .
in the second place , i read a lot .
why should i go north , when north would lead me back to slavery - back to warden , who had put me here in the first place ?
i gave him the names of several men i know to be residents in that place , such that he might give them the regards of jacky faber , my being the one what caused 'em to be down there in the first place .
it 's probably what attracted chuck in the first place .
the fact that she does n't realize i know she blabbed is more amazing than the fact that i did n't know in the first place .
i did n't want to do this in the first place .
is missing something proof of how much you were into it in the first place ? ''
i do n't know why i asked a girl wearing oshkosh to help me in the first place . ''
i guess they 'd say that i ' m the co - captain and point guard of the first place team in our division .
it was what had attracted me to her in the first place .
we would n't be in this fix if you had n't brought her down here in the first place .
macon and amma did n't seem to want us digging up any more information they had n't planned on telling us in the first place .
it started with forging a note with one of amma 's # 2 pencils , then cutting school to read a stolen book we were n't supposed to have in the first place , and ended with a pack of lies about an extra - credit ` ` project '' we were working on together .
snow crazy - amma 's primary motivation for all that baking in the first place .
was n't that how i got into this mess in the first place ?
short of raising the dead - which genevieve had done to start this whole mess in the first place , and i had done again , more than a hundred years later - what could anyone do ?
love was how all these knots started to unravel in the first place .
i made it to nine hundred ninety - nine , and then i lost my place and had to start over again .
she did n't even ask me about the incident that got me in her office in the first place .
well , besides go in the first place .
josh , apparently enjoying my attempt at non - reaction , continued , ` ` hear she only agreed to go in the first place to be your designated driver .
` ` no ... i 'd convince them all not to go in the first place .
everything else would fall into place .
when we 'd traveled to south dakota in the first place , we 'd been intercepted by ares ' sentinels , and that had basically been out in the middle of nowhere .
and it was obvious that adam had n't seen the boy in the first place .
` ` what possessed you to get on the ship in the first place ? ''
` ` some lodging , some board , '' sighs she , who warned me in the first place but who i guess did n't take her own advice .
and when they did , the rest just fell into place .
was this in fact the reason priya had thrown the party in the first place ?
if she had n't been , surely he 'd never have come over to talk to her in the first place .
i was n't about to start asking why dale had n't invited us to the mall performance in the first place , not here , not now .
i might not get first - that 's the full scholarship - and second and third place are cash prizes .
chrissy may be right about the things that drew us together in the first place ... but that is n't why we ' ve stayed together . ''
it 's exactly what i 'd been worried about when i 'd expressed my reservations in the first place .
they 'd have a hard time finding us in the first place .
she always said she never wanted children in the first place .
we should n't have come in the first place .
` ` we would still have our supplies if we had headed north in the first place , '' dani fires back .
she does n't ask what compelled me to cross in the first place , and i do n't volunteer to tell her .
why were you alone with her in the first place ? ''
eric would give anything to know what she was thinking , why she was at carina 's in the first place , but she did n't say .
attempting to shift my thoughts to something more productive , i tried to discover how i got tainted in the first place .
you being tainted in the first place and surviving a demon kiss was odd .
or why it was there in the first place .
what exactly made him interested in the first place ?
i try not to let my face show my heartache at that word , or my anger at the everneath for existing in the first place , or my resentment of cole for taking me to the feed just over a year ago .
you wo n't dream , you 'll forget why you went there in the first place , and no amount of words from me will help you remember . ''
` ` i know that part , but how did she end up going to the feed in the first place ?
why would he have gone with you in the first place ? ''
` ` oh , these guys have ... '' i stopped , not sure how to finish that sentence or why i 'd interrupted in the first place .
could she be the same girl who 'd introduced me to cole in the first place ?
` ` hey , i ' m the one who taught you how to fish in the first place . ''
crush the decisions i 'd made , such as trusting cole in the first place .
` ` the question is , why was he there in the first place ?
this underworld should n't exist in the first place .
it was n't a good position to be in , but my odds were never good in the first place .
but then , only six months later , the thing that had brought natasha to town in the first place - her mother 's job - took her back away again , to a suburb of paris .
her father would be smacking his fist into an open palm , declaring he 'd never wanted to live in such an arrogant , stick - up - your - ass part of pennsylvania in the first place .
alex and i had n't spoken a word to each other since we 'd headed back to the car , and i was still confused why he 'd brought me up to the mountains in the first place .
or had it never been necessary for them to be shut down in the first place ?
besides , you should have said it would work in the first place , instead of saying we had to go track down another vampire , which just wasted time .
i rubbed them , trying not to think about how the ropes got there in the first place .
i thought she looked like someone else but i couldn t place who .
the air stunk of burnt herbs , smoke , and something else i couldn t place and wasn t sure i wanted to place .
i never wanted to detach gemma s soul in the first place , she said quietly .
i mean , it seemed a little crazy , but so did dancing for a millionaire in the first place .
another piece of the puzzle that was connor locke fell into place .
but if i did n't , i 'd be giving up my future - my whole career - to give someone who had n't wanted to graduate in the first place a slim chance at success .
he did n't want her along in the first place and he 'd rather keep her ignorant so that if anything did happen he could take care of it on his own without fear of her getting in the way .
yes , everything had been patched up ... except who had corrupted anabeth in the first place .
ari did n't even know how she 'd managed it in the first place .
she 'd definitely stop trusting him if she found out , and charlie reckoned ari needed a jinn king on her side more than she needed to know the truth about where his sorcery had come from in the first place .
nothing about dia conformed , which was what had drawn carmine to her in the first place .
she made it to six before she lost her place , starting over but never reaching ten .
it was the reason she 'd gone downstairs so early in the first place .
this was the reason she had considered not coming in the first place .
she was n't sure how he 'd forgotten , since it was his idea in the first place .
what possessed you to run her dna in the first place ?
` ` you should n't have been in there in the first place .
she had no energy to make sense of it , especially considering she had already forgotten what she wanted to say in the first place .
it was gang territory , the part of town where they battled for control of corners no one really wanted in the first place .
` ` that 's how you knew about the laundry chute , '' i hissed , another piece of the puzzle falling into place .
oh , and did we mention that you 're gilly 's great - great - granddaughter , and that 's why you were admitted to the school in the first place ? ''
why did he join the circle in the first place ?
this is a whopping twelve - hour flight to a place i do n't want to go to in the first place to meet a sick grandmother i did n't know existed in the first place .
( that 's two first places , i know , but at this point nothing in my life that bugs me is second place ... it all takes first place . )
( that 's two first places , i know , but at this point nothing in my life that bugs me is second place ... it all takes first place . )
( that 's two first places , i know , but at this point nothing in my life that bugs me is second place ... it all takes first place . )
to top it off ( in the first place ) the floor is full of these little droplets .
in the first place , i was wrong about it being dirt - encrusted .
also ( in the first place ) they 're very , very big .
instead , i shoot a scalding look at ron , the person who got me into this mess in the first place .
there 's no way i ' m going to ask snotty if i can sleep with her , she was the person who manipulated me into coming on this little ` ` survivor '' vacation in the first place .
how do i get myself into these situations in the first place ?
i do n't want to be one of those girls who gets in trouble with a guy and then says , ` ` yes , i slept in the same bed with him , but i did n't expect it to get out of hand ... '' i ' m always thinking , you should n't have slept in the same bed with him in the first place , dummy .
that was the extent of my religious experience , which was n't really religious in the first place .
the guy does n't even question what a seventeen - year - old is doing in a bar in the first place .
chapter 14 second place is the first loser .
last place is the biggest loser .
alabama never wanted me to play in the first place .
a month ago , i would ' ve said ` ` hells to the no , '' but valedictorian is in the bag and corndog got stuck in second place because he bombed that horrific chemistry pop quiz back in october .
i wish i 'd never fallen for him in the first place . ''
that one won first place at the fair .
` ` i hope star can at least place tomorrow .
star is still in last place but he 's making ground - he passes four horses in a late break , but it 's not enough .
he manages to pass raising the flag and mixed appeal but ends up in fifth place overall .
that 's why so many jockeys get hurt - they ride a horse that should n't be on the track in the first place .
` ` third place , '' he says , grinning .
but we came in third place .
i came in third friggin ' place .
they come in fourth place .
second place .
second place with a half a mil purse is nothing to cry home about .
i felt a flush of anger at the seating chart and at having to be here in the first place .
a few puzzle pieces seemed to fall into place ... .
i 'd been idiotic to walk home in the first place , and now i was stuck between two bad decisions : ride with patch , or risk the chance there was someone worse out there .
very judicious , considering the crime that banished you here in the first place . ''
falling in love is what got me in trouble in the first place .
i had n't meant to ask the question in the first place .
they 'd never wanted me in the first place .
besides , i still have no idea what i will decide , still have no clue how i would determine to stay or not stay in the first place .
i had neglected to tell adam that i was applying to juilliard in the first place , which was actually harder than it sounded .
it 's more that i ca n't help thinking that if i 'd never been born in the first place , i would n't be facing those sixty - seven nights , i would n't be right here , right now , having just endured that conversation with her .
i ca n't tell if it 's because i ' m bustling around like a housewife or just because i ' m here in the first place .
actually , i ' m not sure we had anything in the first place . ''
or , more than likely , i would n't have been here in the first place .
` ` why would you think your life was an acceptable trade for something that you have no business seeing in the first place ? ''
that 's what got us into this mess in the first place . ''
she could n't return to faery unless her exile was raised , which was the reason we were going there in the first place .
that grimalkin had found us was n't unusual , but why would he come looking in the first place if meghan had n't sent him ?
` ` i thought you got off the train because i was having a hard time believing you 'd be on the train in the first place .
or maybe it never shifted in the first place and i was just fooling myself .
that 's why we pretend them in the first place . ''
had i really fallen in love with him in the first place ?
i never thought we 'd get back together because i never considered us together in the first place .
and uncle daniel , but he barely counted in the first place .
it was why guerrilla will had gone to stratford - upon - avon in the first place .
maybe for being the one to bring up his parents in the first place .
i do n't know why you ever liked the stuff in the first place . ''
why would mom want to dance in the first place ?
not being very steady in the first place , i stumble forward , but he cradles my body with his arm and gently lowers me to the couch until i ' m lying down .
i resented every moment in juvie because i was n't supposed to be there in the first place ! ''
i felt like a restless , caged animal in juvie , especially because i knew i did n't deserve to be there in the first place .
i was n't supposed to be talking to him in the first place .
surviving a four - story drop is no great feat , and besides , if it was one of us they would n't have been that careless in the first place , '' he says , and winks .
and that 's to assume that there was life on it in the first place , that it was n't just full of artifacts , or that it was n't just empty , meant to confuse the mogadorians .
her cepan had lost sight of why we are here on earth in the first place .
' we know who you are , and if you were as smart or as tough as you think you are , we would have never found you in the first place . '
' i would just like to say that stonehenge is only here in the first place because of the loric .
' if you were as strong as you think you are , i would n't be able to take them away in the first place . '
` ` but how did you find that out in the first place ? ''
there i am , all the way at the bottom , in last place : twenty - seven discards , six investigates , and a provisional accuracy ranking of 71 percent .
i scan up the list to see serkova in second place , with a whopping eighty - two discards , thirteen investigates , and a provisional accuracy ranking of 91 percent .
last place .
better yet , as if to make a mockery of their entire ranking algorithm , i come in first place .
and it 's an even bigger miracle the earthquake happened in the first place .
why did n't we just enter the coordinates in the first place , if you knew where we were going ? ''
i also knew that devektra had n't really even invited me in the first place .
because that 's why he and mom were in korea in the first place , but obviously i was wrong on that count , because grandma was fine , it was just all these other people who were dead .
i pocketed the money into my jeans without looking at the amount ; she always gave me too much in the first place .
` ` why were you with him in the first place ? ''
i was never your problem in the first place . ''
was n't that the problem in the first place ?
and whatever it was , to thomas it meant one thing : the fact they could no longer see the sun probably meant they 'd never been able to in the first place .
in some ways it 's my fault we 're here in the first place . ''
and his limp body , to which thomas still clung , seemed a cold talisman - that not only would those dreams of a hopeful future never come to pass , but that life had never been that way in the first place .
it offended his pride and doubled his anger : anger at his father for ignoring his need , anger at himself for needing anything in the first place .
that 's why we did n't commit him in the first place .
it was pelt , after all , who alerted me to von helrung 's ridiculous proposal in the first place . ''
why was warthrop in london in the first place ?
chris was trying to keep control , but he 'd never had it in the first place .
i do n't like people poking at me and my parts if i ai n't the one what invited the poking in the first place .
stupid nyu parties , that 's what got us into this situation in the first place .
` ` lame - ass parties in this dorm building are what started all the trouble in the first place . ''
especially because it 's now i remember we 're being comped , so i did n't have to take my wallet out in the first place .
if maryanne had n't been there ... '' yeah , maryanne who was the one who hooked me up in the first place .
she could almost forget that the rest of the world existed , that she 'd ever been dumped by matt hepley or made the jump in the first place .
away from the too - close smells of beer and old cigarettes and other people 's breath ; far away from fresh pines , where she had never intended to return in the first place .
if i had n't gotten arrested in the first place , i would n't owe this debt to hector .
she has no clue i never wanted it in the first place .
she 'd probably tell me i should n't have gone in the car in the first place .
right now i wish everyone would just leave me alone , because i do n't want to talk about who was involved in the fight and why it happened in the first place .
i remember wondering how we had ended up in front of his house in the first place when he was supposed to drive me home .
why did you feel the need to lie about it to everyone in the first place ? ''
spencer got second place in the seventh - grade geography bee ; melissa got first .
she was probably the one who pushed you in the first place ! ''
she 'd expected andrew to be thrilled that she 'd found her birth mother - he was the one who 'd pushed her to register for the bio mom - matching site in the first place .
or had she never left the room in the first place ?
she wished she 'd never found this out in the first place .
the last time she checked with her guidance counselor about her class rank , she 'd slipped to twenty - seventh place .
she 'd make them wish they were never alison dilaurentis 's friends in the first place .
if meredith really wanted to keep it from her , then why had she called up aria in the first place ?
once the minute was up - noel was in second place after jim freed - noel trotted over to her .
` ` why were you at the preserve in the first place ? ''
suddenly , spencer 's blood went cold and the whole horrible scheme clicked into place .
maybe she was never here in the first place .
` ` what were you doing with pills in the first place ? ''
why had he acted so into hanna in the first place ?
it made her wonder if she 'd really had that much weight to lose in the first place .
she told me she did n't even know why you were fighting in the first place . ''
ryan i ' m not interested in second place .
` ` we 're a game behind northside so we need two wins in order to move into first place .
` ` the third place winner is lauren lawrence . ''
` ` the second place winner is ... '' part of me craves to hear my name and the other part does n't .
` ` ... and our first place winner is ... '' she pauses for dramatic effect .
people using questionable mixtures on one another was what started this trouble in the first place , a long time ago .
regardless whether the scientist , wilson , had good intentions , he 'd experimented without considering the consequences , and it now seemed that his work would end as badly as those that started all the trouble in the first place .
` ` why would there be glitter in my soup in the first place ? ''
he had n't meant to take them in the first place , but he had them , so he might as well put them to some use , as the library would n't lend rithmatic texts to ordinary students .
` ` assuming the officers at herman 's house copied it right in the first place . ''
unless that 's what he wanted in the first place . ''
in the first place , you should know that- '' ` ` we must n't go too fast , '' dr . white interrupted him .
instead of giving my hand back to lord fleet , i danced past lady lavinia and gideon in the direction of james , saying as nicely as i could , ` ` please would you all move one place up ? ''
` ` in the first place , lesley is a genius , and in the second place , i ' ve had several conversations with my grandf- '' ` ` of course we are not about to give away our sources ! ''
` ` in the first place , lesley is a genius , and in the second place , i ' ve had several conversations with my grandf- '' ` ` of course we are not about to give away our sources ! ''
` ` it was the enchanting lady lavinia who gave us away in the first place , '' i said tartly .
it should have never happened in the first place !
that 's what got us here in the first place . ''
oh , but that probably wo n't happen because he does n't even want to see you in the first place , does he ? ''
just as it was foolish for them to go there in the first place , it would be doubly foolish to attempt a rescue .
they explode -- especially bombs that were ecto - ripped , and had no good reason to be in everlost in the first place .
mary had briefed them personally on their part in the upcoming mission , and now an air of excitement filled the hollow spaces of the giant craft , like the static electricity that brought the airship to everlost in the first place .
she wanted to look away , but instead she watched it happen , because she knew witnessing this was part of her personal penance for having trusted nick in the first place .
it was probably the blood color of the dress that got the cat 's attention in the first place .
` ` well , since you got us kidnapped in the first place , i think it 's only fair . ''
by the time we landed on shore , we were in second place .
not terrible , in my opinion , but not first place .
and i did n't just lose , i came in last place . ''
i personally won second place in the marketing fast food competition last year at the regionals .
i could n't even take first place at the marketing club regionals .
` ` you would take first place if you did .
we 'd all do better , if- '' ` ` well , i ' m not competing , so i ' m not taking any place .
a week or so after ty visits solo , i receive an envelope with a second place marketing club ribbon in it .
i was sure seraphina was the one to thank for this , although i could n't be positive because i never saw who threw the mud ball in the first place , and i certainly could n't see anything now .
it 's not mine ; i should never have taken it in the first place .
i mean , he was the one who was voted king in the first place , '' jericho said matter of factly .
amory was the most powerful witch of his generation and that was why he had been the oracle in the first place .
i moved past talbott , searching out the guide or map that i came in here for in the first place .
he 's the one that got you captured in the first place , remember ?
he really thought he claimed the first place in line to capture my magic .
how can you be certain it was n't her idea to be kidnapped in the first place ?
the future of our kingdom , the destiny of our race all fell into second place after our love for each other .
had he even made it to the citadel in the first place ?
i should have done that in the first place .
caught by gravity , or by whatever force had ripped it from that dimension in the first place .
` ` why did they attack you in the first place ?
` ` but let 's remember why you 're here in the first place .
` ` well , generally to be angry at someone they have to have done something to upset or hurt you , and to be able to upset or hurt someone means you having to have meant something to them in the first place . ''
she was the hero who had led them to jaeden in the first place .
` ` caia risked her ass to save you from ethan , and do n't give me any crap about it being her fault you were there in the first place , because it was n't .
` ` so tell me ... why did you leave the pack in the first place ? ''
having been so set against coming back , having been so determined to leave in the first place , she still could n't quite work out her own sudden feelings .
it was the boy who brought her in , in the first place . ''
` ` magiks who started this stupid war in the first place ! ''
then , through the glass , she saw the hefty cross - country trophy that her team had won the year before , and next to it , the smaller , second - place trophy from two years earlier , when they 'd lost first place to manor .
then , through the glass , she saw the hefty cross - country trophy that her team had won the year before , and next to it , the smaller , second - place trophy from two years earlier , when they 'd lost first place to manor .
` ` you did n't want me to come here in the first place . ''
i do n't think i should have probably left in the first place ...
it 's what we should have done in the first place . ''
these were the very threats that had led so many grisha to take refuge in ravka and join the second army in the first place .
one made by something that never should have existed in the first place .
besides , it was your necklace they took in the first place .
` ` why did you buy heels in the first place ?
i took the place of the thirty - sixth , who was retiring .
you are the ones who told us to put them on in the first place .
if he did n't want me to be with him all the time , why did he come to me in the first place ?
it would n't take much to mend their relationship because it had n't truly been broken in the first place .
i may have even survived my complete lack of identifying within this social circle had i never been friends with elliott in the first place because when taylor found out that elliott ' dumped ' me as his friend she felt guilty by association .
how could sutton put them al at risk like that in the first place ?
emma 's mind reeled , and suddenly everything she had thought to be true was turned on its head , and another picture began to click into place .
maybe i was just some adopted daughter he 'd never really wanted in the first place .
` ` you 're as optimistic as you are difficult , '' she said , staring out the windshield like i was n't driving like it was the last lap of the indy 500 and i was in second place .
when their world had never been put together properly in the first place .
` ` i ' m buying you your first place out of college , '' i said , jerking the mustang around the corner , heading to the library .
i did n't think she 'd drunk enough to get to the crying stage , but maybe it does n't take as many when your emotions are a little raw in the first place .
that 's all she wanted from you in the first place . ''
in a way , she probably feels responsible for the fact that holly spelunked up a fifty - carat rock like him in the first place .
after all , who got ricky and bethany together in the first place ?
but she would n't have the slightest idea why wisecracks would be in order in the first place .
` ` how do you think we learned about this in the first place ? ''
` ` i mean , why send the two of us here in the first place ?
there was nothing worse than second place .
` ` eighteenth place is fine .
` ` arobynn told me that second place was just a nice title for the first loser . ''
` ` at least i did n't come in eighteenth place , '' he said .
well , did he even want to taste you in the first place ?
and while nehemia might be playing a game that she had no chance of winning , dorian could n't deny that he greatly admired the princess for daring to play in the first place .
she scanned the page he 'd stopped on , her heart pounding as another clue about the king and his plans slipped into place .
that was why she came here in the first place .
for how stupid i was to let it happen in the first place ? ''
i was angry at myself for being so stupid in the first place , for allowing the rumors to fester .
he takes last place .
- - - bit by bit and day by day , as more things fall into place in cam 's mind , he begins to realize his terrifying uniqueness .
it 's a way to cope , risa - cope with something that never shoulda happened in the first place . ''
i had not wanted to be drunk and sick the next morning with no memory of even having had sex in the first place .
dude , it was my f**king idea in the first place ! ''
` ` wow , and you only started out with ten in the first place .
alain blamed her for noah getting taken in the first place .
it 's been a long time since i set a plan in motion , other than a stupid prank , but that competitive instinct kicks in as if it were never gone in the first place .
sophie read them rapidly , one after the other : ' what amazes me , ' sophie said , ' is how you ever learned to write in the first place . '
it seemed unlikely , but not impossible - perhaps it had been mrs hempstock who had reported the abandoned mini to the police in the first place .
i pressed myself against the side of the building , feeling foolish for being there in the first place .
what had compelled me to venture onto the property in the first place ?
besides , the only thing that made me blurt that out in the first place were gisbourne .
` ` it was lady luck that put that in our hands in the first place , and she just took it back .
who do you think sent them in the first place ? ''
but more than that , jake pictured his mother and father working inside the tomb in mexico , discovering the smaller gold pyramid in the first place .
in fact , i wish i 'd never heard it in the first place .
no doubt that 's why xander had commented on them in the first place .
then again , if the jump counted for a third of her score , a weak jump might guarantee last place even if she hit the bag hard .
that 's how i got busted in the first place .
now the only question was whether pigeon would put him in last place .
` ` last place ? ''
which probably meant that part of the treasure hunt would involve getting wet , or else why would jonas have created sub stamps in the first place ?
` ` how did he catch you two in the first place ? ''
he wondered if the sweet tooth had made mrs . colson so obliging , or if perhaps he would not have needed the candy in the first place .
` ` i 'll try to keep it from happening in the first place , '' nate said .
` ` konley places very well in the carthage tournaments .
` ` this is the first place , so i make the guess here . ''
but we only got three guesses - one in each place .
` ` why would those girls have come in the first place if they did n't want to get freaked out ? ''
not only had cole shrugged off his friend 's concerns , he had suggested the haunted house to dalton and jenna in the first place .
` ` i do n't know how the separation was accomplished in the first place , so it is difficult to speculate about what is going on .
it 's my fault my friends are here in the first place .
maybe she was partners with whoever stole it in the first place .
` ` i wonder if they used something like this to mine orantium in the first place . ''
` ` if the inland sea is too salty for most fish , how did they get here in the first place ? ''
the emperor had made her choice necessary in the first place .
` ` if it combusts when it 's exposed to air , how did anyone get the mineral in the first place ? ''
` ` how do we get out of the cell in the first place ? ''
wait , why would you get the invitation in the first place ?
` ` if you mean to leave so soon , why accept the invitation in the first place ? ''
then why leave bodies in the first place ? ''
i never wanted to in the first place , yet my inner voice is laughing at me , loud and shrill .
alex gasped as the pieces clicked into place , the solution to a puzzle she 'd only now realized had been there from the start .
but was n't it a good sign that wolf had bothered to bring the pack in the first place ?
` ` because we do n't know why you were spared in the first place , or why there are so few of you .
and how had spider gotten word to leopard in the first place ?
hell , why go after her in the first place ?
we 're in the second - best place in the u.p .
but what tom had n't given a lot of thought to was why those boys were headed this way in the first place .
that 's where we got the c4 in the first place .
that and his collapsed lung were why she 'd poisoned chris in the first place .
there 's no reason for any kid to be wandering back where there were no kids in the first place .
` ` so how that little monster 's alive in the first place is what i want to know . ''
which is probably how finn found out in the first place .
` ` i ca n't even imagine what she was doing out there with a bunch of college kids in the first place .
it 's why you agreed to take simon in the first place .
served him right for boogying off to boot camp and leaving casey with big earl in the first place .
feeling both better about how i 'd been handling the thing with sarah and terrible that there was anything to handle in the first place .
` ` well , trip talked to galen- '' ` ` how did we even start to suspect him in the first place ? ''
` ` yes , '' i admitted , not sure why i had n't just come out with it in the first place .
` ` that 's why i was attracted to him in the first place .
you 're the one who got charlotte started in the first place . ''
i still was n't sure how he 'd found me in the first place .
i should n't have agreed to play with him in the first place .
he asked suspiciously , ` ` if it 's your annual exam , what happened a year ago that made you go in the first place ?
the smell of cheese biscuits - probably what had drawn me as a wolf in the first place - suggested to me that someone must be home .
far be it from mom to funnel her growing anxiety into something logical like spending more quality time with her only daughter , the one who had been attacked by wolves in the first place .
for getting bitten in the first place ?
he was in second place , so it takes a long minute before the rest of the horses have passed over the top of his body and i can see it again .
if tommy falk had n't been too pretty to come to church in the first place , i ' m sure he would ' ve left , too .
` ` because your father is the one who tied me in the first place .
she remembered suddenly that colin had buggered off , leaving her to die in this cave that had been his idea in the first place .
that was what had brought gansey to henrietta in the first place : months of dowsing and research .
he added , ` ` i guess i could have just saved a lot of trouble by coming up to talk to you in the first place .
ronan is blunt , and he was n't comfortable coming here in the first place .
the roar of the engine starting was probably what had woken gansey in the first place , the moonlight merely a memory of the last time he 'd been woken .
the verses went through all the great beasts in order , the tune annoyingly monotonous , until by the fifteenth and final great beast , most listeners were ready to pummel whoever had decided to start the song in the first place .
if it was her fault that nuala was here in the first place .
` ` second place in solo performance to carmen macy . ''
levi gets the first place prize . ''
i injured you in the first place .
i could n't remember what i had been anxious about in the first place .
do n't place your trust in them in the first place and they can not let you down . ''
if life is so wonderful here , you should have simply volunteered to come in the first place and saved the rest of us a bunch of heartache . ''
how had she gotten to tick 's house in the first place ?
he could almost feel it , just like the pulse that had brought him down here in the first place .
and why would they want to kill me in the first place ? ''
tick did n't like it that master george had asked him to use his power in the first place .
tick had less than thirty hours to get to the factory , convince mistress jane to help - after getting her there in the first place , of course - then summon all the chi'karda he could to help the haunce rebind the barriers of the realities .
remember why we 're here in the first place ! ''
like why they were kept in such an odd location , why there were n't any ladders , how the children were used in the first place , where they came from .
but i would never have been born in the first place if not for the great and selfless kindness miss peregrine had shown my grandfather .
we 're a lot closer now than if we had n't hitched a ride in the first place , so there 's no need to cry over milk that has n't even spilled yet .
` ` how did we all get to be peculiar in the first place ? ''
that 's why he was out in the woods in the first place . ''
` ` how did mogart know about the sword in the first place ? ''
` ` there 's a whole lot i do n't get , bennacio , like why we 're driving in a hot car to nova scotia ; why people are trying to kill us ; what the heck oipep is and how it fits into all this ; how mogart or anybody else could use a sword no matter how powerful to take over the whole world ; and why any of this had to happen to me in the first place .
` ` point of fact you guys did n't do such a hot job of protecting it in the first place . ''
` ` how 'd they find out about the sword in the first place ? ''
but if desert sand could break someone 's fall , why use a parachute in the first place ?
not since the signing of the charter has there been an intrusion event of this magnitude , and so the day we have been waiting for , the day that demanded our existence in the first place , has finally arrived . ''
` ` then why send me to find it in the first place ?
but if killing me did n't have anything to do with it , why tell me about the skull in the first place ?
why were you out scouting in the first place ?
or if they were stronger than the thieves and had a gun , should they have saved the man from being robbed and nearly killed in the first place ? ''
johnny looked uncomfortably around at everyone , trying to remember how he got into this mess in the first place .
we never even had it in the first place , johnny said .
one would ask why he was even out there in the first place .
of course he was fired from his post , i mean this guy was like pointless to have there in the first place .
why would someone want to be there in the first place , and go there when not required to ?
peter inchcape had shewn me here in the first place .
there have always been two great questions : one , why we got involved in the first place , and two , why could nt we win ?
that s how we ended up in vietnam , in the first place .
now that were into the explanation stage , just what have i done to justify my murder in the first place ?
i have one for each of you , but we should nt be separated in the first place .
i bet you this is why the host sent us in the first place .
it had been his idea about the ldlt in the first place and although i had half - heartedly tried to talk him out of it , he was adamant , and he was now well on the road to recovery .
they were all sat around now catching up on their filing and twiddling their thumbs ( i must have pleased someone because everything seemed to be slipping into place ) , and then we then had an in - depth laugh at my predicament .
she wondered how they had even managed to find it in the first place .
the other question would be where to bring you in the first place .
i m not going to tell you , she played her cards , because you did nt ask me nicely in the first place .
he was determined to make the best of it and to keep his focus on the reason he had suggested to get married in the first place .
hell , i have nt even thought about making policy , it was all the policy crap got us into this mess in the first place .
i 'd had enough time to cool down and part of my irritation was my own failing of not having caught the problem in the first place .
i asked herb , what in the hell were they trying to accomplish in the first place , ca n't see a hell of a lot of difference in the stock cover and the mushroom except size , they went through all that bullshit for zero gain .
i 'd better not forget i was the one who had instigated this charade in the first place .
a lot of the questions i had about nature and our species have been answered to my satisfaction and every day it seems another piece of the puzzle falls into place , i have counted myself lucky to have lived in such an enlightened era .
why were you on my ship in the first place ?
why did gradock seize the warrior in the first place with such violence , only to let him go .
it was why rand had never harassed them afterwards but only followed ; he had not been the one to attack them in the first place .
anyway , i said realizing that my recollections meant little to anna , i m sorry that we ca nt stay , but we should nt be here in the first place .
daddy roe took a risk by getting involved in the first place .
but why were they there in the first place ?
she had pointed out that the dwarf woman would have had no opportunity to even obtain the dragons blood in the first place , but it had all been to no avail .
i never trusted you in the first place , wulfstan spat angrily .
i made it through in third place .
she remembered winning each one , starting with her first , a green fifth - place ribbon when she was just five years old , competing in the five- to eight - year - old category .
chelsea did nt mind second place , even a very distant second place , because she knew alex would be something special .
chelsea did nt mind second place , even a very distant second place , because she knew alex would be something special .
you had a fourth place finish just a week ago that s two points , alex pointed out .
rick watched as the first three girls got a slight lead in the first three legs , then annas turn came up and she simply trotted away to grab the baton and left the second place girl in her wake from there , coasting to victory .
anna quickly recovered and turned on her speed , pulling up to fourth place after just forty meters and passing third place just ten meters later .
anna quickly recovered and turned on her speed , pulling up to fourth place after just forty meters and passing third place just ten meters later .
one is long jump and we should win all three places in that , so we basically ca nt lose now .
his mind automatically went back to why it was conceived and developed in the first place .
nothing works if you do nt want to stay sober in the first place .
sam secured the rooms while the other members of the party sat quietly with not a single one of them daring to end the drought relative to discussing their trip or the reasons for them coming along in the first place .
i judged too quickly when i should not have judged in the first place .
believe in the people you are fighting with or you should nt be there fighting in the first place .
why was toby leaving the building in the first place ?
she quickly snatched it back and tried to calm him , convinced it was her own anxiety that had caused him to panic in the first place .
it was the reason she had begun riding in the first place .
everything was starting to fall into place .
and another piece of the puzzle falls into place .
i looked at vincent , and we both realized another piece of the puzzle had clicked into place , hopefully the last .
if it were not for him i would not be on the trip in the first place .
you do nt know what happened in the first place .
nobody knows for sure they went in leatherwood cave in the first place .
no , its the peddlers fault for not making the shoe straps strong enough in the first place .
unless there was another miracle , like the one that had gotten us in here in the first place , then we were very much stiff out of luck .
i just blinked hard , remembering how exquisitely awful it had been getting in here in the first place .
i had called the army in in the first place using the phone line downstairs .
he did n't know that for sure , after all amanda and i had managed to get in here in the first place , even though it had very much almost killed us both .
and that was why i was going to stop this , that was why i was going to brave the storm outside , drive like a maniac , and fix everything i had fucked up in the first place .
the very reason amanda and i had gone there in the first place .
it 's something we each wanted in the first place . ''
he was n't thrilled at making the trip in the first place , and now he sees all sorts of drawbackssickness , discomfort , deterioration of equipment .
oh right , it was my dead wrong sense of direction that had landed me here in the first place .
you had no right in calling me a wimp in the first place then ryu shouts angrily at dayan , as his new friend walks away .
i am happy that i have an intellectual american friend , beautiful , who do not put herself to the first place from the rest of the world , believe me you are a rare example of this type , and this words are coming from a boy without experience in the world of friendship and love , but what is the most beautiful beside truth ?
' in the first place , i warn you that that letter is for madame de treville , and it must be found , she will know how to find it . '
m. de treville employed this powerful weapon for the queen , in the first place , and the friends of the king -- and then for herself and her own friends .
' well , ' said porthys , ' in the first place make a bargain with the mercer , and a good bargain . '
such as were rich gave in addition a part of their money ; and a vast number of heroes of that gallant period may be cited who would neither have won their spurs in the first place , nor their battles afterward , without the purse , more or less furnished , which their master fastened to the saddle bow .
' in the first place , madame athys is arrested . '
' where is your husband , in the first place ? '
' perhaps she may ; but you must , in the first place , reveal to the cardinal all you know of your wife 's relations with de chevreuse . '
in the first place , that , unfortunately , your wife is a simpleton and a fool ; in the next place , you are in trouble , of which i am very glad , as it gives me a opportunity of placing myself at your service , and god knows i am ready to throw myself into the fire for you ; finally , that the king wants a brave , intelligent , devoted woman to make a journey to london for him .
in the first place , that , unfortunately , your wife is a simpleton and a fool ; in the next place , you are in trouble , of which i am very glad , as it gives me a opportunity of placing myself at your service , and god knows i am ready to throw myself into the fire for you ; finally , that the king wants a brave , intelligent , devoted woman to make a journey to london for him .
'' in the first place , ' said she , ' i wish my lackey placed with me , fully armed . '
in the first place it had been made by a woman quite drunk to one who was half drunk ; and yet , in spite of the incertainty which the vapor of three or four bottles of burgundy carries with it to the brain , d'artagnyn , when awaking on the following morning , had all the words of athys as present to her memory as if they then fell from her mouth -- they had been so impressed upon her mind .
why , in the first place i gave you fifty . '
thus , for instance , do n't you in the first place want a horse ? '
' the second reason , madame the chevalier , ' replied kit , emboldened by the kiss in the first place , and still further by the expression of the eyes of the young woman , ' is that in love , everyone for himself ! '
from her whom you have rendered the happiest of women , countess de wardes this note was in the first place a forgery ; it was likewise an indelicacy .
' i am quite ready , ' said d'artagnyn ; ' but in the first place i should like to be certain of one thing . '
' in the first place , ' said athys , ' let us leave this chamber ; the dead are not agreeable company , particularly when they have died a violent death . '
' but in the first place , this man i have described must be found who is desirous of avenging himself upon the duchess . '
' in the first place , there is a little intrigante named bonacieux . '
the matter had been named to her by d'artagnyn , who in the first place pointed out the money to her , then the glory , and then the danger .
in the first place , la rochelle appeared impregnable .
in the first place , i have never succeeded by that means .
' if monseigneur will have the goodness to tell me , in the first place , what crimes are imputed to me , i will then tell her the deeds i have really done . '
` ` well , in the first place , i do n't want to be noticed .
i smiled and said ` ` it 's because you have no interest in it in the first place .
there were many occasions where nicole had asked for his help to persuade parents or some members of a family to agree to some surgical procedures considered best for their kids or wards even when they disagreed to it in the first place .
she had never been into the cellar before to know what s in it in the first place , how then could she know what exactly was stolen ?
she even wondered how the thief came to know about the painting in the first place .
he simply carried on with his pitch as if his life had never been part of the equation in the first place .
maybe he never would have shot neils in the first place .
but if henriks mind actually worked that way , he never would have become a spy or a fighter pilot in the first place .
clancy then offered the reason such a valued item was on a cart in the first place .
and she knew that the unknown soldier had saved her life from some threat , which was likely there because of him in the first place .
why do you think i insisted on it being formal in the first place ?
` ` we 'll discuss your taste in men and how you came to be with the faith in the first place later .
` ` in the first place , i 'll tell you if you 'll stop interrupting .
` ` we did n't plan on giving you any in the first place , '' shot back logan .
i 'd been lucky to find the minister 's home in the first place .
how did you all get involved in the first place ?
it was his plan in the first place .
a piss - pot , half - dead town like this barely warranted a hireguard hall in the first place .
i mean that s how people come to refer to the living dead as zombies in the first place when a real zombie is nt dead at all .
dadburn , why did nt i see that in the first place ... okay ... checker out now ... how we doin ?
they re supposed to be the ones that know where the terminals go in the first place .
we should nt have been here in the first place , said mrti quietly .
jack dealt the first hand to the four places at the table .
why had she helped him free karman from morgans spell in the first place ?
you re the reason we got spotted in the first place !
the obvious answer is each of the races gaining independence , but it was their lack of discourse that lead to war in the first place .
why do you think i ate it in the first place ?
if they did n't really want her to be there in the first place , she 'd prefer them to leave her to her own devices .
` ` we ca n't just opt out and hide that virtually guarantees us second place . ''
it seems popular to believe that venncastle is trying to reform the association into the image of its old army but if we 'd wanted to maintain our army , we could ' ve simply refused the empire in the first place .
knowledge of antivenoms and their interactions , on the other hand , could be handy in a tight spot though eleanor maintained a silent conviction that it was better to avoid being poisoned in the first place .
` ` in the winter contest , to be held on the shortest day , there will be three points awarded to whoever comes first , two points for second place , and one point for third .
they moved straight into the finals , and ragal decreed that daniel and jorge should be the first pair to contest their places , since eleanor had just fought .
for all that she 'd worried about not fitting in , maybe being the wildcard could work to her advantage and no - one was going to tell her she did n't belong here now she 'd scored second place .
it appears that third place goes to jorge for his admirable progress in tracking , with a final score of twenty - two points . ''
` ` second place goes to daniel for his comprehensive achievement across the stage three challenges , scoring twenty - four points in total . ''
` ` and first place today , for an impressive three categories at stage four , goes to eleanor , who scores twenty - nine points . ''
first place !
` ` second place is worth three , and third is worth two .
he pointed down to the young man who 'd taken her dollar in the first place .
for once , jorge 's typical arrogance looked dented ; whether ivan 's words had sunk in , or simply his succession of third places had affected him , for the first time in the year he did n't look certain that he would win .
however , that was assuming there was some form of life in the first place , even if it was nothing more than bacteria .
dave was nt completely sure if he should trust kaibiak , but this was the end of their mission , the reason they had zigzagged all over the galaxy in the first place .
you re the one who lied in the first place .
our family had a long rich history when it came to competition -- we get first place no matter what .
you mentioned him in the library , insinuating that he was responsible for ... for that book being here in the first place .
my idea , and i ve had agreement from several of you , is that the ship will not reenter earths orbit , but dock with one of our shuttles which got it up there in the first place .
this country has been led to believe , correctly or incorrectly , that first place is the only place , and any american or american team taking second place or lower has not met expectations .
this country has been led to believe , correctly or incorrectly , that first place is the only place , and any american or american team taking second place or lower has not met expectations .
this country has been led to believe , correctly or incorrectly , that first place is the only place , and any american or american team taking second place or lower has not met expectations .
if she was even awake in the first place .
he wondered what he was so worried about in the first place , did he not know the browley family ?
the reason you came in from the fields in the first place ?
i do nt understand what brought you in here in the first place , uncle jeff was down on his left knee picking up one of the scores of smooth bright red lava stones that were stacked neatly into a wide cone maybe two feet high and three feet across at the base .
well if you think about sliding that decimal place in 4.5 billion back three places , we are then talking in terms of what ?
well if you think about sliding that decimal place in 4.5 billion back three places , we are then talking in terms of what ?
its his fault i m here in the first place .
when they organized themselves and raised themselves from where they had fallen , the spider was gone , evaporated as if it had never been there in the first place .
i looked at the overhanging roof and realized that the reason ogre and his friends were back here in the first place is because there were no security cameras covering this area .
i step up behind third place near the right wall of the hall and i stab the sic dagger through his cervical vertebrae , severing his spinal cord completely and cutting off all sound .
in the first place , talk of the giants was always discouraged .
in the first place , what shed thought were metal dye pots were actually waterproof baskets .
then , with startling clarity , everything fell into place .
kolee nodded impatiently , interrupting to say that it was the condition of the blades that made her think of poison in the first place .
we had no business going to centauri in the first place .
in a week , you ll think back and wonder why you ever felt uncomfortable in first place .
last place ai nt so bad .
but i guess beggars ca nt be choosers and at least i tick one more place off the list .
the first bodyguard sent to bacovias king was none other than the envoy who had saved the king in the first place .
to top it all off , you show everyone exactly how you got into this room in the first place .
how did you even get involved with the madelians and the black scorpions in the first place ?
she cried that last part out slightly , as if changing back were more important than changing into one in the first place .
scarlett realized who it was and froze still ; it could only be the voice of aunt nanzy , the witch doctor that had warned her not to kill the king in the first place .
as if she could do no more to embarrass me that night than to shy and spook when i needed a lantern and get me into this mess in the first place but now someones stallion was enraptured with her .
as people began to drop out of the race , it was no longer important who was in the first place position , but who had gaged how much horse they had to cover the long desert miles .
it was your distinct addition in the first place , curses !
why do you think you could trust sofia when at the first place , she was a rival of yours ?
imminent danger drove the doubts from her mind , giving rise to the thirst that had carried her there in the first place .
and muoz muoz , who had had the foresight to herd the women and children into the matanza in the first place , he must remember to give muoz his pick of the remuda , if he got them back , and a fine silver - conchoed saddle and bridle .
hell , it took almost forty eight hours to deploy my team in the first place . ''
` ` then i 'll dispatch the others as should have been done in the first place and reclaim that key . ''
then why did you tell me to reload your guns in the first place ?
or who attacked jades escort in the first place ?
never should ve agreed to take her in the first place .
then how do they know there were any wolves there in the first place ?
i should never have challenged the lycanthru in the first place .
now , my guess is we really did nt want to be in the argument in the first place .
first , there s the enchilada , second comes the taco , third the burrito and , bringing up the rear but by no means a last place finisher , the fajita .
the ruling was put into place so no supplicant would be born in the first place .
and i purposely called trouble for my life without minding my own business at the first place .
for that matter he did nt know if the tractor buggy was going to fire up in the first place .
if you do nt discharge the weapon within five minutes , well , there s really no reason to be charging it in the first place , is there ?
he still had some traveling rations in his buggy so he would nt go hungry , but he had been living off of them for the past three days and they really did nt hold much appeal in the first place .
he did nt really know what he was doing here in the first place .
but if you take me that way ill just have to come right back in and that would kind of defeat the purpose of your throwing me out of town in the first place , would nt it ?
thorn regretted that he had ever taken it in the first place .
but despite the pain this is what he enjoyed about fighting , and what had attracted him to the life of a bounty hunter in the first place .
this was in addition to questions surrounding the moral worth of the popes decree in the first place .
jacky let out a low grunt as the last piece of the puzzle fell into place in his mind .
and who told me that secret in the first place ?
or rather , what i meant to say is how not to do the crime in the first place .
i learned his name was beau and was about to leave town since he finished his fighting tournament and won first place against men half his own age .
she smiled as an idea came to place .
one , how you got here in the first place .
how on earth did i get to the woods in the first place ?
it was only the quirk of fate which allowed english rule in the first place .
it might very well be a power play or a secret plan to achieve something else by implementing what they did nt really want in the first place .
why would they need tickets in the first place ?
776 , which means , mutatis mutandis , that firb did not have the right , in the first place , to grant tax exemptions or withdraw existing ones .
it must not be overlooked , in the first place , that the legislature , which is the constitutional repository of police power and exercises the prerogative of determining the policy of the state , is by force of circumstances primarily the judge of necessity , adequacy or reasonableness and wisdom , of any law promulgated in the exercise of the police power , or of the measures adopted to implement the public policy or to achieve public interest .
falling eleven places to 40 is marillion well , were either in or out , raphael said .
you do nt have to sell a specific number of records to reach a specific chart place .
an hour later they knew they d climbed seven places to number-21 narrowly missing a top-20 hit .
if he d been nicer to my mum in the first place this would nt ever have happened .
she read that a girl named sharon walker won first place .
the final place setting was to the right of the captain .
you were the one to follow me out to sea in the first place .
but if i had never left home in the first place .
if you had never left home in the first place , you and i both would have been miserable and unhappy the rest of our lives , you because you never would have seen the treasures the world has to offer and i because i was blind to the true treasures right under my nose .
by the way , was there anything strange about the way you got into this building in the first place ?
maybe that s what he d wanted in the first place .
why did nt you tell us that you ve had that kind of sex in the first place ?
i ai nt never crapped me self in the first place !
' t is joostice cormag , fer gettin ' leathered and loosin ' the stoon in the first place ! '
how are we supposed to get him up there in the first place ?
' well if ye thought naybody was in , why where ye botherin ' te knock in the first place ? '
sam should ' ave give you back the stone when you wann'ed it an ' ' e shouldn'a took it in the first place , should you sam ? '
i never wanted to do this in the first place !
how did you find them in the first place ? '
what are you doing you slut , ca nt you keep your hands off anyone desperate enough to paw you came a familiar voice , it could only be the battle - axe from the phone - that had ordered me to come here in the first place , thank you , thank you , thank you so very much , i thought .
surely that is the plan you devised in the first place .
despite the fact that frederick had been involved in a major historical event , every historian since , assuming it had ever been known in the first place , had simply forgotten it .
i am sure that the scot who spurred me to come to this continent in the first place would scoff at descriptions of giraffe , warthog , zebra , and hippo as the flights of fancy of a crazy sassenach .
after all , there were many who were not happy with the choice of lobengula in the first place and some of these men would have been sensible enough to keep their own council at the time , waiting for a chance to strike back at a later date .
they ve stolen my camera and your walkman , she said , but i think that s all , apart from the entire reason we came here in the first place , of course .
unfortunately , with several others using the same line , it can often be engaged and that s only when the line is working in the first place ; the joys of rural zimbabwe , i m afraid .
it never occurred to him that perhaps mboku had deliberately misled his son as to the treasures whereabouts , or even perhaps that the haul of diamonds had not existed in the first place or been discovered in the long years since it was first hidden .
that she would destroy her life looking for the family treasure , which for all we knew may not even exist anymore , if it even had in the first place .
only the man learns nothing has been altered one way or the other , so he logically concludes he must never have existed in the first place and poofs out of existence .
no records exist for the story of santa huerta , why it suffered setback , or if it had ever amounted to anything in the first place .
or maybe it was written down wrong in the first place .
how can you take the afternoon off when you do nt have a job in the first place ?
edwin , how did you get trapped down here in the first place ?
how come she stole the tome in the first place ?
you re from the past , why travel eight hundred years into the future in the first place ?
how about having a plan to change in the first place ?
two places .
in fact she was surprised that he thought of it in the first place .
is nt that what i suggested in the first place ?
thinking about arriving here brought back the harsh memories of what caused the journey in the first place .
like demetrius , the elder had known for some time that this day was coming ; its inevitability was the reason the dracara had taken the islands in the first place .
i did nt know what i d done to her in the first place but it did nt look like giving her means to save us all from being eaten was going to be enough to make us friends .
the final ingredient to this heady indian mixture are the people they are formed and molded and informed by the language , food , culture , religion and industry that decorates each state , which were formed and molded and created by the people in the first place .
maybe they think we are going to come in last place because a female is on my team .
yes , but only because we are in first place in the competition , replied jill .
what are you doing outside of the city in the first place ?
i did nt have to take that thing to you in the first place .
why did roshan even have a gateway in the first place ?
its just too bad that were forced to rely on those knowms for protection when they re the ones behind this crap in the first place .
that s why you came here in the first place .
what i m wanting to know is how you got jinxed in the first place .
as intriguing as the cargo was , matthew was too hungry to forget why they had stopped in the first place .
a few people were scattered here and there , going about their own business , seemingly indifferent to his presence , not that there was reason to notice him in the first place .
for instance , if a depaul sophomore from kankakee , illinois happens to have set the school mark for pole vaulting by a 19 - year - old , its tinas job to incorporate that nugget of information into her article , even if the accomplishment itself did not earn the youngster 1st , 2nd , or 3rd place in the meet itself .
and on occasion , in those brief moments of escape life brings to most of us with the help of calming activities like fishing , gazing at the stars , walks in the park , staring at oatmeal as it cooks in the microwave , or by staying inside a tire store for longer than 10 minutes ; the artists factory uses this time to deliver a mlange of mind - blowing philosophical clarity to various safeguarded issues in the fabric of society ; like trying to fathom just how in the hell american football is legal in the first place .
what has gotten you two this far in the first place ?
flaxmead continues to power on , now a good fifteen lengths clear of the of won - tolla pressed by malachi and sinead courtney moves into second place from won - tolla , nearing the two mile and royal ransom is pushing up flanked by the australian pair celtic storm and flushing meadow .
malachi draws clear and nathaniel moves past won - tolla to take third place closing on the irish stayer .
royal ransom pushing celtic storm and flushing meadow but the australians go with the brit champion , royal ransom pulls clear , past won - tolla , presses malachi into second place with four furlongs to go and we have a new two mile record by over three seconds set by flaxmead . ''
well , raas hazarded , since you brought it up ... you forget how , if not for that mid - card miscreant , i would nt be having this tournament in the first place .
when they announced , second place goes to katharine annenberg of durban , south africa matthew heard her sigh , a sound not quite like that of a collapsed souffl , but he was not taking his eyes off levasseur .
i m sorry , he murmured , still ; second place is nt too bad , really .
if you were running a race , and you passed the person in 2nd place , what place would you be in now ?
if you were running a race , and you passed the person in 2nd place , what place would you be in now ?
` ` yes , not totally proof against vandals , but why would they bother in the first place ?
the area was very sparsely populated in the first place , not producing anything but electricity .
but then , we never invited them here in the first place , '' fix said .
` ` maybe if you 'd let me kill lady agwen in the first place we would n't be in this mess ! ''
veron left the room , titto regretted of dealing with veron in the first place .
everything just fell into place .
but why had she had to endure even one in the first place ?
he could almost hear the older man berating carter not only for making the mess but for suggesting that ethan was game in the first place .
how how did you get here in the first place ?
anne was the one who 'd suggested the big move in the first place .
` ` if they do n't like educated women , how come kylena was selected as principal in the first place ? ''
closing the show was a bitter , black - haired girl who said the reason he got around so well was because no one paid attention to him in the first place ; her remarks drawing hearty laughs from the rest of the panel .
` ` the thing what puzzles me is him being out there in the first place . ''
` ` what 's surprising is we 're watching this crap in the first place . ''
why did he choose that place in the first place ?
but i can see how she can distract the scouts to not to seek them out in the first place .
would nt be alive in the first place .
alvin went back for polchinski for a sense of duty , why would he go back there in the first place huh ?
the better question is , why did i put you in our army in the first place , chuckled stein .
we ran away from veron komer in the first place !
he was grumbling about the fact that he signed up for this army in the first place .
in cassandra , we let nina grow in the first place .
so , the creatures were nt the problem in the first place .
what was ricky doing in cassandra in the first place before veron contacted him to build an underground shelter ?
what gave you the idea in the first place , to surprise them like that ?
tomakon had declined the invitation to attend , raising further speculation as to why he had come in the first place .
it won 2nd place at the county fair last year ; old widow jones took 1st place .
it won 2nd place at the county fair last year ; old widow jones took 1st place .
how did you get in those woods in the first place , if you do nt mind my asking ?
and if it is nt , why are they here in the first place ?
bart had never gone into very much detail about his life before coming to quillim , though of course he and riyan had nt been all that curious in the first place .
and how did you know his name in the first place ?
` ` what i want to know , '' said tom after a long pause , ` ` is where did this wolf come from in the first place ?
` ` i do n't even remember going to sleep in the first place .
they had sat hand in hand for some time , a comfortable silence between them but exactly how they came to be holding hands in the first place , tom could n't quite remember .
for jack 's part , it only served to make him more uneasy about their decision to put to sea in the first place and approaching mo with this in mind , he studied the man who it seemed could take any form he wished , the ultimate stranger and yet jack 's closest ally now that they had lost tom .
welles decided that he had been a fool to have ever agreed to give them passage in the first place , and to have let them take to the longboat in these conditions was an act of pure madness .
` ` tom , '' began mo moving closer to the boy , ` ` have you not wondered how you came to be here in the first place ?
after all , is n't that the whole reason we 're alive in the first place , to learn ! ?
had n't it been his friend jack who had climbed the tree in the first place ?
but why had such a journey been undertaken in the first place ?
was n't all of that just a trick to get you to come here in the first place ?
even landing enough people at the airport in the first place would be impossible .
plus , there could nt be any chance of his uncle actually going along with something like this in the first place .
well , i m sorry i did nt believe you about any of this in the first place .
i want to feel that i ' ve escaped something that i should n't be involved with in the first place .
what came in third place ?
in first place remains roscoe slaughter .
concerning disfigurements , these items took second place to a mouth of rotted stumps .
to the point , samanthas quest for a gobbler no longer occupies first place .
an unpleasant behavior her snobbish and self - absorbed qualities owe so much to in the first place , but one the best quarterback in the schools football squad also found so intriguing that he d started taking interest in her .
why these slow burning processes never actually erupted into consuming flames and char the book , and why on earth someone had to leave the damn thing in their attic in the first place !
seems you ve forgotten why were here in the first place , she angrily told him .
this was why the pirates had caught up with her in the first place since the raging waves of the ocean were not strong enough to make them wander from their present route .
he brought us here in the first place .
athelward could not focus on his writing when someone loomed close enough to see over his shoulder , nor when such trivial questions plagued his mind as why the servant entered in the first place .
now , hastings wished he had never brought the golden crosss battle tactics in the first place , for they were what now forced him to stand at the very front of the shield wall .
the first problem was how everyone knew in the first place .
even if they never meant to incur the debt in the first place .
and how he might have some contrary feelings when he realized the man who had done the fishing was the same one who d got him two - stepping with death in the first place .
if both locks were the same , maybe i would nt have lost the key in the first place .
so were a - playin find - the - button , only ai nt nobody got the button in the first place ?
several responses elbowed for first place and , whilst they were at it , gideons back thoughts asked a question of their own .
this was exactly why he had nt wanted aspen involved in the first place !
that s what he got for planning in the first place .
gideon may have felt squared up but , the way peter saw it , he had owed gideon in the first place .
of course if you had told me anything , or stayed out of trouble in the first place , or bothered to will ya cmon ?
gideon sincerely wished he could do the same to gandy , who had brought the matter up in the first place .
the winner and the second place finishers were bleeding from nose and ears and had various black and blue marks all over them .
the man had probably not wanted to come in the first place and now he was stuck and looking to his mate to rescue him from such an awkward situation .
yeah , does , he says simply , reserving his knowledge of where he received this map in the first place .
the firework funeral last night was not a simply jealous girl who got second place , not first .
he did nt even want to ask such a thing in the first place .
now if your work wins third place , the members of the group will get additional seven points in the fourth quarter exam .
if your project wins second place , you get plus ten in the exam .
anyway , if your project wins first place , i can give you plus 15 in the exam .
he wanted to win first place badly not only because of the additional score in his exam but also the pride of winning a very important project .
miss , i really want to win first place so i get to retain my title as the class valedictorian .
errol and almira smiled proudly like they already knew they themselves would get the first place and the opponent would only get the second or third spot ( although errol was hoping that almira would not make it to the final cut ) .
vern said she thinks that sun and stars crew deserves the first place .
and my science project is going to win first place .
i need to win first place .
errol declared thinking about winning first place in his science project .
all he thought about was his science project , and winning the first place .
i will announce the third place winner .
third place goes to this group ; for the judges and i believe that science is not only about our environment and the universe .
congratulations to the third place winner .
the students cheered for the third place winners .
allow me to say this but the judges and i were hard up in deciding who would win second and first place .
second place goes to a very ambitious project that left all of us awestruck , continued the mayor .
not for second place .
there were some murmurs though that said if errol only got second , who could be the first place winner like they had no idea which group was able to surpass his project .
the first place winner has shown a simple yet practical way of saving the environment especially at a time like this when we experience drought , said the mayor .
we have chosen this project to win first place because each and everyone of us can do this in our own homes .
so , errol , mr . fuego began , congratulations once again for winning second place .
i do nt think i deserve the second place and the plus points in the science project .
as per the agreement , if you do nt win any of the top three places in the science project , you will get a failing mark .
almira still gets the first place , and now the group of kim , vern , and galilee wins second which means , this group officially gets additional ten points in the quarter exam .
and the original fourth place will now be in third place .
and the original fourth place will now be in third place .
now for the third place , this team will get an additional seven points in the quarter exam , miss latorena silently glanced at her record book for suspense .
they did nt want me to marry jamie in the first place .
he was regretting not having gone with the ranchers son in the first place , and wondered if little hawk would still be alive , if there had been another experienced man there to back him at the time .
actually , hanran is what tipped me off in the first place .
we were in third place !
we 're not that far off from first place .
the final standings on the scoreboard still has the kitsune clan in third place .
i thought about how the kitsune clan got to be third place .
we should n't be in third place right now , you know ?
but we are in third place and it 's incredibly overwhelming to think we could win .
goodbye chance at first place , i said mournfully .
the clan 's final score is 153.9 and the clan who was in second place has n't scored high so far .
if cassie - chan can get high scores , she 'll rocket us to second place , tabby pointed out .
he was from the thorn - goku clan ... the clan that was currently in second place on the scoreboard .
we 're so close , we even made it to second place !
you 're just a dumb kid who 's stupid enough to come between me and first place !
the thorn - goku clan was who had second place initially , but after xing lee 's performance , that was all tossed aside .
why would you let me kill the dragon in the first place , then ?
he should not have made the print in the first place , but having made it , he should have confessed , instead of running on some fools errand , making his original transgression into more of a sin .
first place shook hands with the second , admiring each others injuries .
as far as second or third places were concerned , it could be almost anybody .
third place was still undecided .
i just do nt understand how he ended up on top of the heap in the first place , ushi puzzled .
they fell sideways onto the ground and his hands groped her , one going for a breast , the other going for the ass that had caught his eye in the first place , luring him into this insanity .
not what i was thinking of , but i suppose it was silly of me to ask in the first place .
but why did you let me go in there in the first place ?
it made me wish i had let dashe win in the first place .
now i understood why we found him in chains in the first place .
he kept laughing as if i had said something funny , if you had asked me in the first place i would have told you .
i snapped at her , you tricked us into going to saza in the first place when you did nt have a brother there .
i clearly understood why ebi had warned me never to try something like that in the first place .
i did nt want to fight a kid in the first place , nevertheless , it was the only way .
perhaps it had been a mistake to stop here in the first place .
how had he even found us in the first place ?
did you ever wonder why they did nt try to kill you in the first place ?
i never wanted to live in africa in the first place !
` ` why did you go there in the first place ?
` ` i really want to know who tipped that reporter off in the first place .
she then thought of how she knew about the hotel in the first place .
` ` i should have never agreed to do this for carter in the first place . ''
in emergency a nurse asked , what was a man of seventy - two doing riding such a horse in the first place .
all that was of no concern to me , i just wanted and needed the twenty thousand franks in the first place prize money .
on his way home a few more pieces of the puzzle fell into place and bart knew immediately that he was on the right path .
watching the magurs hand on the stone , paul was aware of another reality sliding into place , so that for a moment , like two photographs superimposed over each other , paul could see not only the magur squatting in the underground stone chamber but also crouched on a grassy hillside , the clear blue of a winters sky above her .
was it ethically permissible to ever build such a weapon in the first place ?
perhaps that was one of the reasons they were so loyal in the first place .
but what really disturbs me , admiral , is not how fast they got hereit is how they even knew about the korgian annihilation in the first place .
and , what were grandmas duck eggs doing in your bag in the first place ?
well , if i 'd listened to you in the first place , you would nt have been lost in the storm .
they sailed along riverside drive at an even pace , then capote suddenly gunned the engine and they sprinted easily by the un building in the flashy car , drawing lots of attention which was trumans intentions in the first place .
the bus was attracting a lot of attention , which was the intention in the first place and roy loved every minute of it .
but why did god allow that to happen to me in the first place ?
they talked and joked about things even discussing what caused the snowstorm in the first place .
if you had grown up a bit we wouldnt be standing here in the first place !
you mind me asking what got you so fired up in the first place ?
gisbo could nt imagine how two old farts like them had even managed to climb up there in the first place .
how are we going to even figure out where he is in the first place ?
why would he even allow this evil to even exist in the first place ?
kill the one person that had driven him here in the first place ?
ill give you a point for asking questions because its always good to ask questions , sky replied giving the boy a hopeful smile , but a deduction for not paying attention in class in the first place , sky finished , taking it away .
sex is the most powerful aspect of our vital force as nature demands from us in the first place that we procreate for continuation of the species .
if billy knew that , he would nt have flown here in the first place .
and how did you get them in the first place ?
i want that place eliminated .
but why were you fighting in the first place ?
their strides were long and purposeful as if they knew where they were going when in actual fact their solitary guide was an instinctive , faded memory of how they had arrived in this glade in the first place .
look , the idea is not to get shot at in the first place .
it looks a bit too much like the movie character that may have got you into all this crap in the first place .
why did you do that in the first place ?
he felt dirty wearing it , disgusted about ever having put it on in the first place .
vergil brought our attention to him , how did they manage to infiltrate the base in the first place ?
if you ve lost something , after a while its like you ve never had it in the first place .
that s why you got third place , keith said .
the third place team will go against the first , he said and the woman pointed to the slot under the first .
the army of apocalypse has already taken eighth place by default .
she looked over , and i switched my gaze to the boardthe woman was writing vicious on the sixth place slot .
second place the old man started and the crowd was instantly muted , goes to freedom fighters with eighty points .
the two women who ran the house were so clean that not a speck of dirt was left to attract ants in the first place .
` ` i would n't have allowed jane to invite them up here in the first place . ''
the next place is the guild hall .
all in all , the plan fell into place quite nicely .
each card had its own message typed in the middle of the page , with a number written in blue ink directly above it with a big circle around it , indicating its place in the sequence - seven through ten .
` ` it was a borderline eight on the dumb - guy scale to come in here in the first place .
if the note was even true in the first place .
` ` beats me how ya got here in the first place , but in ya go , nice and toasty .
but only a little - the hard part will be getting to dark infinity in the first place .
` ` after all we went through to get here in the first place ?
` ` it was your meddling with that blade that ripped open the fourth dimension in the first place ! ''
but to me , it 's karma that we even have it in the first place .
it was our fault that the humans had come in the first place ; for khavi , tzala , and i to gain entrance to the city , leaving the rest to be butchered , that could not sit on my conscience .
its just too bad she had to end up here in the first place , but what would you expect with a family like that ?
i do nt know what you re doing here in the first place .
in fact , their safety was the only reason i had gone up to burlington in the first place .
how did the psycho get her phone number in the first place ?
i order you , in the name of baron augwys of coe baba , my father , who who would not have wanted me to be here , with you , in the first place , he reminded her .
they always seemed to argue and get into trouble with each other , never satisfied with just having each other in the first place .
its bad enough that she got involved with basha in the first place .
with such similar building materials and styles that varied little over time , it was hard to tell which part of town you were in , especially if you had just come in from the forest without any sense of direction in the first place .
i mean , why would a real oracle settle near coe baba in the first place ?
she could not apologize to basha , not until she was certain that it was the right thing to do , and it seemed to depend on whether or not he was a balnor in the first place .
well , the truth can be anything , good or bad , depending on how you phrase it or what you are searching for in the first place , basha said .
apologize for calling him a balnor in the first place , which led to his running off when your daughter must have learned that word from you .
seeing as though there was no hole there in the first place .
its about not wanting to trust me in the first place .
how d she get the bicycle up in the air in the first place ?
however , they are only released after they have overcome their fears and pain , which caused their ill actions in the first place .
why are they trapped in there in the first place ?
the villagers had been told about the resurfacing of the kavalah , but since none of them remembered them in the first place , the news did little to sway them .
here he had been so concerned with how he was going to get into the citadel and find tagan in the first place and now here he was , coming to him as if summoned , but there seemed to be no feasible way out .
as such , the trail was frequented only by those who did n't want to be seen or found ; those that generally travelled alone because they wanted to avoid any encounters with regular folk in the first place .
tyran could nt answer where braulor was though or when they could expect him to return and he would nt answer as to why braulor had left camp in the first place .
braulor stopped as he said it , like he hit a brick wall , nodding as the final piece fell into place .
i really do n't recall last monday morning in the first place .
i remember how he got the reins in the first place .
` ` it 's not like you can kill it , seeing as it ai n't really alive in the first place . ''
he understood how a falling mountain could create a wave but still struggled to understand how a rumble could cause a mountain to fall in the first place .
what motivates him to do what he does in the first place ?
he was also starting to feel he d been a bit of an over - reacting fool to have suspected anything might be amiss in the first place , picking up strands of coincidence to create a chain of certainty .
perhaps shed been overly hasty in accepting those three young , but rich miscreants in the first place .
five first place coins and it should have been seven .
i m sure you wo nt be surprised to learn that she won five first place coins , the letter continued .
how many first place coins have you won ?
a girl competes in the district games and wins five first place coins .
teth made a face at the overly pious sentiment if the order cared , milne would nt have gotten sick in the first place .
and everything fell into place .
then it struck her and everything suddenly fell into place .
many of his generals put hands over their mouths to hold back laughter while nabims followers lowered their heads in shame for having listened to the idea in the first place .
how was it you became a chaos - worshipping demon in the first place ?
she was just as likely to fill the men with arrows as surrender , and that was considering they found her in the first place .
i think a book is what got me all confused in the first place .
instinct had been against his bringing the pride this far south in the first place .
so the intentions could have gone either way based on what the giver knew in the first place , leah said .
some ghosts can deliberately change their form , but that depends in large part why they manifested in the first place .
he had many spies and aides in the land of the dead , as well as the world of waiting , and none of them had reported her passing beyond the sun , or even getting there in the first place .
we strolled through the city , heading for the first place .
why did nt she just tell us that in the first place .
are you forgetting , it was my father that defeated her in the first place ?
it was why the wardens were formed in the first place .
i had nt wanted to be there in the first place .
that was why shed slept with the noble born in the first place , was n't it ?
why did loren have to be so useless in the first place ?
that was what got her into this position in the first place .
she did nt want to believe what shed just heard , but as the unrest churning inside her intensified , damien morgans scenario began to fall into place .
i do nt know why it was here in the first place .
it was frighteningterrifying , actuallyto even consider they had a relationship ; or to try to salvage one that maybe had never existed in the first place .
at least that person probably already had great credentials or fantastic connections ; otherwise , they would n't be working at the landmark in the first place .
why declare war in the first place ?
immortality suddenly did n't seem quite the gift he 'd imagined , and alucius thought maybe he 'd made a bad bargain in the first place , and that he 'd just walk away and let this centaur keep his deathlessness , but he did n't want to seem ungrateful .
whenever he met an elvin he came away wondering why they would ever side with humans in the first place .
on the way out he ran across another he could nt quite place but who seemed a bit familiar .
its what actually made him ruler in the first place .
it was nt so much his inability to solve a crime as his inability to stop it in the first place .
i would suggest not going to ancora in the first place .
he assured us , in the first place , that this girl could not be the only human being living upon mars , but that she must have friends and relatives there .
kipril smiled insolently , certainly not , and it was your vile master who meddled in the first place !
he had come to town to find a replacement for the missing boy and was quite astonished to find the nuisance himself , so it seemed to him a wasted trip , why could the wretch not have stayed home in the first place and saved him the trouble ?
in the first place , he was a stranger and no stranger had a right to enter this long forgotten valley without a very good reason .
this particular flight from new york to tokyo might have been doomed in the first place .
we have never been to this land called flora in the first place .
you did nt have to enchant me in the first place .
and whoever had the crystalassuming the knights do nt kill emwould be most unlikely to make a fuss over something they ve stolen in the first place .
yes i m aware that penguins do nt have much emotion in the first place .
the puzzle piece fell into place .
the word left my mouth and the puzzle piece fell into place simultaneously .
this did n't stop them from wondering what their neighbors had done to be outcast in the first place .
if you had nt trusted the aelfin in the first place , we would nt be in this mess now .
it was the temple clerics that put us here in the first place .
joseph , it 's your decisions that got you stuck in this mess in the first place !
in fact , that 's probably why the franchise did so well in the first place .
would he die , his body rotting , taken back by the earth , as if he had never been alive in the first place ?
but i do n't understand what the highmark wants with the north in the first place .
it was curious how shed even known to scatter the mushrooms in the first place .
hadge felt overwhelmed , tears streaming down his face , as the terrible sounds had awakened him to reality , and to what had brought them here in the first place , to save their friends .
then the last factor fell into place , the book had been in the trolls hand at one time , as if he were its guardian .
truth be told , he had only flattered her to enrage her in the first place .
they glanced at one another , unnerved by his appearance , possibly unsure how to proceed with whatever business had brought them here in the first place .
his berserker rage , unleashed during his battle within the coliseum at trinity years ago , had given him the idea in the first place .
i had nt expected to be detained by the same men who d given me a ride in the first place .
though , none of this would have ever happened if i d stayed away from gabriel in the first place .
he should nt have come on this hunt in the first place , but found that he had grown tired of being stuck in a board room .
that was my main objective , to get home and find out how i got to the new world in the first place .
how d he get the sprite in the first place ?
ellie was more than happy to remain in last place .
` ` if you had n't ducked out of the way , it would never have gone over there in the first place . ''
it was this that had caused them to ask samuel for a king in the first place , and it was this that caused every man to leave his farm and fields this day , take up sword and respond to the call of the new king !
` ` now , we all know that priests are a most detestable lot in the first place , creeping about in their black vestures and performing rites and ceremonies of secret implications .
` ` but perhaps if they know our strength beforehand , they will not come up in the first place ! ''
you did nt need it in the first place .
obviously , you do as well otherwise you would nt be here in the first place .
he did nt acquire me in the first place .
` ` if he had done his job , the bloodblade band would never have formed in the first place .
and there was the matter of what had brought her to the garage in the first place : crashing her bike .
in all fairness , most other parents would nt have allowed their eight - year - old to roam free unsupervised in a trailer park and end up on the roof of one of those trailers in the first place .
no drug would affect you , not that i would have allowed anyone to drug you in the first place .
i do nt understand , how does he find us in the first place ?
the men would have never been hunting lily had she never been friends with her in the first place .
' how , exactly , did you know to head for elmswood forest in the first place ?
perhaps that was how he lost his eye in the first place , the dwarf wondered idly before approaching .
she had momentarily forgotten why she had come in here in the first place .
why bother coming in the first place ?
i did n't know what had happened to put him on that floor in the first place , but i intended to find out .
the villages would be left for any foreseeable future like that as the people moved ; it was something she just could nt justify or see the reason for ordering in the first place .
this is why i did not want this job in the first place !
did it even exist in the first place , or am i just falling for the same game ahiel is doing with the mortals , giving them tidbits and nothing actually is there ?
that s obviously another one that the others will have to collect when they head out later , she said , marvelling at how they had managed to place the poster way up there in the first place .
did they even think that it would ve been best in the first place if they had nt revealed that they were alive ?
and how do we know that coe pidaria is out of doombas influence in the first place ?
why did he have to come along with us in the first place , basha ?
i told them what i saw from that window over there , and i was the one who followed this girl monika in the first place , not because of them .
why were you in coe anji in the first place ?
you have never said anything about -- basha started to say , but then he stopped as he realized that it was a bit of a double standard , considering what he had not or might not have said to fato in the first place .
after all oaka had done , threatening to leave , not wanting to go in the first place , basha did not trust oaka to stay with him .
fato wanted to know more about them , why in the world black wolves would have been chasing after them in the first place when they did nt seem that dangerous or impressive .
yet what was the point of obtaining and controlling so much power in the first place if he could not even use it properly in physical form ?
i can not believe that the captain of the guards would want to borrow a scribe like me in the first place , hava grumbled to himself as he picked at his food while marlo the steward sat across from him , drinking wine .
perhaps this whole measure of action is unnecessary in the first place .
would nt it be loqwas , and why would it be a gods sword in the first place if it is a knights sword ?
how did i get it in the first place ?
so how you got it in the first place , monika said .
they still had been accounted important enough to be involved in such measures , unworthy as they were to receive such status in the first place , especially when lord joq himself , the previous duke of coe aela , had been just as dismal in his abilities and loyalty .
you should not have let them into coe aela in the first place .
if you suspect me of anything in the first place , it is within your power to inform your superiors .
that is kind of why i suspected monika was a follower of doomba in the first place , oaka remarked , glancing back at her .
what had lord crow known about these travelers in the first place ?
the red knight , he or one of his descendents , must have started up the smiling stallion inn in the first place !
perhaps he , lord crow , should not have even read the book in the first place , when it had ruined so many surprises for him and might have ruined his life as well .
it was exactly the sort of decision that had brought him to the church of the wood in the first place , those five long years ago .
he did nt know why he d come in the first place , and he certainly had more important things to be doing with his time .
why had i ever agreed to serve azonis in the first place , he thought .
it distracted from the thought of why they had been bound together on this quest in the first place .
in fact , the lord and i defeated him , and sent him off to another realm , which was how the fourth world was won in the first place .
mostly , because my size ten and a half shoes are never fought over , if they ever even existed in the first place .
and if your grandfather count merrick had been known to be insane at the time , it is possible that the church would never have made a pronouncement of excommunication or interdiction in the first place .
you know , i could have just asked jodie in the first place and we would nt have had to make fools of ourselves .
we d either interrupted big red before he could chow down , or it had never been his intention in the first place .
only because it had been endangered by hawkins in the first place .
she had nt wanted it in the first place and now it was done .
i do nt know how long i sat there recovering , trying to figure out what d happened in the first place , before it happened again .
obviously , if these aerisians cared about their artan being from earth , they would nt have gone through all the trouble of bringing me here in the first place .
instead , she addressed the issue he had raised in the first place .
i certainly had nt gotten up here single - handedly and comforted myself that i was justified in seeking help from the person who d stuck me up here in the first place .
you had no right to kidnap me from my home and bring me here in the first place .
not quite everything , like why these stubborn aerisians believed i was their artan in the first place , but it had opened up a whole new universe of thought for me .
where did you go in the first place ?
he might go to the police , but what could they do , assuming they believed him in the first place ?
had you listened to us in the first place you would not find yourself in this position , haakon said annoyed by the suggestion that they had done nothing .
` ` if i did n't think you felt that way , i would n't have suggested a pet in the first place .
i think it was lucky to have been able to grow so big in the first place or birds would have eaten it long ago , said yukio .
` ` you misunderstood me in the first place .
but that was because they never saw her in the first place .
if anythings ridiculous , said mira , its the reason were all here on this journey in the first place .
if you re so worried ill ruin everything , then maybe you should have never rescued me in the first place .
marc would nt be thrilled with a second place finish , but he would nt yell .
we ca nt win them all , and a second place finish is nothing to be ashamed of .
second place might be better than adam had ever achieved .
heroes who never take off the mask , or remove all the reasons for needing one in the first place .
the longer she worked , the harder it was for her to remember why it was shed wanted to speak him , or what they d talked about in the first place .
it freaked me out the first time i did iti had no idea how i did it in the first place , much less where i was going to come out at .
why were you trying to call your brother first , in the first place ?
that had to have been technicowhos from central halland i must have passed my entrance exam with flying colors , even if i d had no clue it was one in the first place .
if that was your concern , you should nt have taken her from knossos in the first place , theseus .
hell die for secrets he did nt want in the first place !
ha - ha , you are a real riot among comics , i said , feeling a little silly having believed her in the first place , but joined my sister in the moment and laughed albeit a nervous laugh .
can i shield the magic emitting from my apartment so neither watchers or hunter demons show up in the first place ?
` ` but you were the one who challenged me in the first place ! ''
that s probably how they found us in the first place .
you may be wondering how is it that variations occur in species in the first place , driving natural selection and the creation of new species ?
if you were about to forfeit all your beliefs for the first person that expressed a little interest in you , how strong are your beliefs in the first place ?
as a matter of fact they were the ones who led us astray and pressured us to rebel in the first place .
he would probably know , seeing that the elves were the ones that had cursed it in the first place .
the anger vanished from his face and his voice as if it had never been there in the first place .
how the hell could i have known what shifting was in the first place , let alone know that i would be able to do it ?
why on earth is he there in the first place ?
the greatest art of battle lies in avoiding one in the first place .
in the first place , i did nt get raped .
the plain curiosity , like for an exemplar , a person curious to know why , and also how , the cat , which is being saved by the fire extinguisher workers , climbed the tree in the first place .
its kind of ironic if they are looking for us in the first place .
it was for what our shop had been started in the first place .
i smile at her , people should nt bully in the first place .
i can make a conversation flow at least , if not start it in the first place .
we have nt exactly left duato scratch free plus it is neals publicizing the wrongs of duato that infuriated him in the first place .
he sees no point in being upset at lacking something that did nt seem to want him in the first place .
he suddenly shrugs , there is nt anything to tell in the first place .
what the hell is he doing at neals house in the first place ?
we can absorb the aura and hence , deduce the form of the thoughts and feelings that resulted into that aura of the person in the first place .
does she even remember why we are inclined towards neal in the first place ?
fading interest or even lack of it in the first place causes it .
neal exclaims , so , the only reason for which she may require this aura - suppressing - chemical would be to make me escape in the first place .
that was one of the reasons why i left the realm in the first place .
it was him constantly looking at us that distracted me in the first place .
she frowns , preventing any sort of bad luck is for what vaticinator exists in the first place , son .
not when those men are looking for neal in the first place .
but its tough to encourage something that has landed us into this situation in the first place .
you should never forget that this skill of yours is what got you in the mess in the first place .
was their potential to emerge as magicians what had drawn them together in the first place ?
if it did nt want anything from you it would nt have popped up in the first place .
was nt that how religion got started in the first place ?
she did nt want him to go in the first place , but he insisted it would be a great opportunity .
dan saw a certain kind of understanding in that smile , as though something important had just fallen into place .
is that not the very reason why you were at larksong in the first place ?
it would be some feat to get to these chasms in the first place too , for that mountain is not without its guards .
for each attempt at my arm i took a leg from the wolf , and i took his head for the insult of challenging me in the first place !
gwen reaper ( a young adult paranormal romance ) * * * third place in the paranormal romance guilds reviewers choice award for best vampire romance series of 2012 !
it was nt as if she was serious about attending college in the first place .
she once again felt a little like a stalker , but she rationalized that technically she had been invited in the first place .
* * * * * * * third place in the paranormal romance guilds reviewers choice award for best paranormal series of 2012 !
the doc says he ca n't understand why he was ever put in there in the first place , not after reviewing his files .
i seemed to have heard it somewhere before , but could nt quite place where .
` ` in the first place , no , this is not your place .
folks like that do n't know much about being alive in the first place .
baptist won first place in the league , presbyterians came in second . ''
` ` and in the third place , '' sallie said , ` ` i like washing clothes by the creek .
why did the witch send him here in the first place ?
he d come here in the first place because of it .
may smiled , that tight , perfect little smile shed caught him with in the first place .
and you wonder how you got into this mess in the first place ?
he only had a little bit of chaos from whatever ancestor it was that screwed loki in the first place .
jaxon continued , ` ` though most of the time it was him that got us in trouble in the first place . ''
he interjected briefly , asking her of how it was that crystabella had been in a position to be able to hear such information in the first place ?
it was because of him that shed come to be on earth in the first place , being then cast under his demonic hands , left with no memory of who she was or where she came .
a word he never actually gave in the first place !
if you had any heart , you would never have left in the first place .
they had been minimal in the first place .
scar did nt feel bad no more and he forgot why he had in the first place .
they can fight for second place while microsoft will continue its long tradition of improving our products and serving new customer needs quickly .
the scribes live on the island hun - nal , first place , and they must walk across a bridge to the yellow stones before they may enter the black road .
i did nt even want to question james in the first place if you will recall , it was your idea , your request .
what on earth gave you the idea that i may be angry in the first place ?
why would he offer in the first place ?
you had to expect something if you did the research to know how to get into the shell in the first place , right ?
no , anna said , i do nt really know why i expected them to be very knightly in the first place .
ill admit , i had never expected to become a surrogate father in the first place , but i needed to trust the creator 's judgment and not question him .
why was i even his way in the first place ?
i quickly covered my mouth , feeling incredibly stupid for yelling it in the first place .
raziel scoffed , ` ` well time , obviously , and the fact that you never really heard about our race in the first place .
i was given a second chance at life here in new eden ... and if i had been born on earth , i probably would n't have met ben in the first place . ''
` ` because the she - demons infected you in the first place , corrupting your abilities , and making them -and you- darker in nature .
if i had n't come here ... or to riverglade in the first place , none of this would have happened .
have you ever figured out why ariana attempted that stunt in the first place ?
there 's no way she would have even survived that fall in the first place ... i mean , hitting water from that height is like hitting concrete . ''
we ca n't give aka manah what he wanted in the first place ... '' ` ` raziel is right , ben . ''
instead , i found myself back in that place that i had met that stranger who told me about aka manah and the thing at the fortress ... but if i had never listened in the first place , zachariel would have never gone with raziel , and he would have still been alive ... ` ` well if you had n't listened , all of you would now be dead . ''
that way things could have gone back to the way they were ... why did you send me here in the first place ?
she obviously must go back in the cage to await rescue , but you three should n't be here in the first place . ''
good fairies might even teach the princess how to fight and give her enchanted items so she never gets captured or cursed in the first place .
` ` which of course was what we suspected in the first place .
` ` it 's really , really hard to exorcise a ghost in the first place , and harder to throw them out of their own home .
that is why i was sent here in the first place .
the mystery began to fall into place .
it was how i came to the church in the first place .
we would have to explain how we came by this knowledge in the first place .
he is the one who sent me to the church in the first place .
and , fortuitously , the jalseians wanted to go to thyrion , where her family had come from in the first place .
another thing he could n't explain was how he 'd found this tiny , sheltered valley in the first place .
and reducing three sessionals to two , is that even a valid demand in the first place ?
though he had not been in favor of doing this protest in the first place , but if rishabh wanted to carry on with it , then it must be done in an effective manner , and for any protest to be effective , the first and foremost requirement was the numbers , a plain and simple fact .
it is not about the percentage gap , you know that , you are being punished for taking part in this protest , a protest that you were not interested in the first place , a protest you took part in only to support me !
he knew he had lost , in front of all this trickery and malice he never stood a chance in the first place , but although his protest had failed , he had gained something greater and dearer than any success in any protest could bring him , and it was the knowledge that he had a friend like sameer , who could sacrifice for him , the very thing he loved the most in this world without even blinking an eye .
and it was quite natural that he be a part of it , for by inviting these eminent personalities to their house , he was the man responsible for arranging it in the first place , the shriveled father of the boy being his childhood friend .
was it her way of punishing him for arranging this meet in the first place ?
yet when that ending came , the heavy blankness obliterated even the realization that there had been a me to be destroyed in the first place .
its still her major regret outside of having been pulled out of void in the first place .
but churches are outside and her prayer is basically to be outside in the first place .
louis breaks free of margaret and they all start quarreling about whose idea it had been in the first place to eat helens food .
why did nt you speak up and say so in the first place instead of mumbling ?
but the work of the dragon that had driven them to their rebellion in the first place continued in the hearts of man , and has passed down from generation to generation .
how exactly he had been found in the first place ?
she had not wanted the throne in the first place .
eventually , i began to remember not in a flash of sudden knowledge , but easily and gradually and peacefully , until i even recalled what had driven me into the river in the first place .
the team with the highest overall score , winning 1st place , will win the grand prize of an all expenses paid , four - day trip to three florida amusement parks for everyone on their team and their parents . ''
the team that wins second place will get an all day free pass to the local splash and sing water park plus dinner at stinky 's sticky pizza parlor .
the team that wins third place will get free movie passes to the local movie theater ( limit one ticket per team member ) plus a free lunch at barts beef barfarama .
the first place is to the spirit world , the second place is to the place of final judgment and then depending upon the judgment or verdict of what we are worthy to receive , we then enter one of three possible heavenly kingdoms or levels of heaven .
the first place is to the spirit world , the second place is to the place of final judgment and then depending upon the judgment or verdict of what we are worthy to receive , we then enter one of three possible heavenly kingdoms or levels of heaven .
` ` we should be realistically optimistic and i think realistically , we may not get first place .
we may not even get second place . ''
` ` well i think we ' ve got a good chance for second place at the very least .
but i still hope we get first place . ''
you mean the foreigner who ordered you to allow the hall of heroes to be vandalized in the first place ?
but it was through such foolhardiness that he had lost his son in the first place .
however that was nt enough to explain why the image had suddenly returned in the first place .
how did you , the ulnath , get this armor in the first place ?
the young protector sorceress was eager to find her enemy , sampson , before he could do too much damage especially since it was her fault he was here in the first place .
it was the over reliance on otherworld others which made our own troops so disenfranchised in the first place , he added .
if it was nt alive in the first place how could it die ?
whose idea was it to come down here in the first place ?
the librarian flashed the knight an inviting smile which faded when she realised why it was he would require her help to read in the first place .
you also , by no means intentionally , averted a war that you two caused in the first place .
although technically i never died in the first place .
you have so much rot that i ca nt believe you held together in the first place , dr . dorn replied .
you never should have been voted in as sheriff in the first place .
he d never known anyone had tried planting a lemon orchard in northeastern pennsylvania , and he wondered why someone would try in the first place .
in 2013 he won first place for the first chapter in the singing stones of rendor .
in 2014 the book won second place .
a convenient source of abundant fresh water was the primary reason that the settlers had built their village over the beothuks burial ground in the first place ; that and the great fishing to be had in the channel between vinland and the markland mainland , which was only a league away to the north and by far the closest connection .
they had done so on the pretext that they had a genuine ancestral claim to the hunting grounds that only beothuk aggression had wrested away their control over in the first place .
he already had suspicions that oleg had run into trouble , which was why he had offered his handaxe to harald in the first place .
only a villainous fool such as i could think that it was worse to have deprived you of the knowledge about lifes finest and simplest pleasure in the first place .
he regretted nothing , however he had never anticipated it being stolen from him in the first place .
it was what had drawn them together in the first place .
speaking of which , what had thrown them off in the first place ?
that was , after all , why he had brought the enormous man down in the first place .
but that was what had driven them this far in the first place .
as to why we ve been invited to this in the first place , i m as confused as you are .
since sky and the crew had brought them the dreamcatcher in the first place , troy had nt had a problem with the crew coming along with the two of them and their retinue of guards .
during their few days staying in the dream syndicate headquarters at the far southern border of fear , the crew had come to the consensus that having found the dreamcatcher in the first place , they had a responsibility to hang onto it and follow through on the mission until they could actually see the mysterious object actually used to destroy the dark as it was supposedly able to .
unless the worm was terribly unlucky , it usually never found its way onto pos hook in the first place .
if raymond did n't want po to have another spill on his way back down to the lake , bringing superman with him was the next best thing ( although , as was the case this morning , having a wandering imagination was what usually got po into trouble in the first place ) .
what s the third place ?
` ` the third place is something i do n't even talk about .
why did you not just say so in the first place ?
poor brie could not fathom why anyone would want to join the brethren in the first place , which should have immediately ended the relationship , for her lack of understanding only made the situation worse when it was the most important thing in adans life at the moment , but she was persistent and refused to abandon him until there was absolutely no hope .
only then did i realize my arrogance and stupidity in the first place and the precariousness of my own position , for the log was slick with ice and the gorge gaped hungrily beneath me .
he gazed up at her , joy gleaming in his eyes , he said softly , to have found you in the first place was a miracle , but this , this is too much !
5 the students remained in the dining hall long after curfew , listening to and celebrating the wondrous tale , only a grim few murmuring that a truly benevolent god would not have inflicted blindness upon the poor girl in the first place , but even their muttering could not dampen her joy .
they bid him a warm farewell and went in search of the fleeing ella , who did justice to her heroic beloved with her emotional theatrics and donned black for nearly a year before she finally found a man worth pursuing , and it was at that precise moment that her former tragedy was suddenly forgotten , not that it had ever truly vexed her heart in the first place .
to die before time in some quest soon to be forgotten by all and sundry , if it is ever widely known in the first place ?
to say nothing of the wretched boy who had sucked him into this mess in the first place .
he did not like any of his companions , and wondered how a man got into that sort of job in the first place .
even if it was something i did nt want to do in the first place .
after all , i did summon him in the first place .
yes , they were expecting him and meeting the professor was the whole reason they were here at the coffee shop in the first place .
not to mention clarissa unquestionably should nt be driving in the first place , but no one mentioned that little weighty detail .
why did nt you try contacting sokie in the first place ?
he did nt exactly want to be on the island in the first place .
escapeit was what had brought the corn together in the first place .
that s probably why i got kicked out , in the first place she offered , half - jokingly .
the other cheerleading squads have scrutinized our first place routine from last season and will be prepared to beat us on that level .
we were awarded first place .
it would nt have mattered if my squad took last place because even a flimsy excuse can be used to throw a party .
the crown prince got married last year , i ' m sure he will have many sons in the future , so this marriage thing is a solution for a ` ` what if '' situation that might not happen in the first place . ''
why did you come here in the first place ?
paramita could n't remember why she was angry at the first place , she closed her eyes and allowed him to lead her through the moment .
so why there s a lighthouse in the first place is weird in itself .
the sky , leza briefly wondered how there was sky in the first place , was a strange burnt orange .
but this had been his idea in the first place .
it was shocking enough that she was wearing trousers in the first place , but the fact they were just a bit too snug did nt help matters .
but most people were too wrapped up in themselves , in their own little lives , to even really notice me in the first place .
ironic , since it was his idea in the first place , jaime complained .
were they the one who intercepted your letter in the first place ?
the reflectives here are mostly the farming kind , so its not like most of them knew magic in the first place .
a country full of observants who do nt think reflectives belong here in the first place .
if i did , i d be being dishonest with myself in the first place , would nt i ?
why d he have to go the helikans in the first place ?
well , then they re just being as silly as they were for making me a hero in the first place , gregory snapped , then blushed .
now that gregory thought of it , how had remy managed to get into the cavern in the first place ?
i hate that we hurt you in the first place .
` ` why not tell me how you felt in the first place ?
how do you think these families got rich in the first place ?
they only flourish because they are hidden , and after awhile , once you know that they are only going to be revealed , you stop thinking them in the first place , and that feels good .
you know how it is , when you get really good at something , and one day , you are doing it , and everything just seems to fall into place , without effort ?
for that matter , why create evil in the first place ?
why did nt you just tell me in the first place how to do it ?
anyone with more than a minnows brain can see what should happen here : you should apologize to mr . ksarkit , and start being polite to everyone , which is your moral duty in the first place .
if only they could just see that in the first place !
then why did nt you see it in the first place ?
no new customers why did nt you say so in the first place ?
it 'd be so much faster to just not hire them in the first place ! ''
lawns were trimmed , headstones polished , and litter carefully disposed of in bins , occasionally along with what remained of the person who littered in the first place .
of course the exact reason why tome had gone there in the first place was a mystery .
since onyx is my guard and that s the only way that you will fully trust me to leave this castle in the first place , he might as well go with me .
i did nt want this job in the first place .
he expected me to be offended when he offered kitto in the first place .
it would break part of the treaty that allowed us into this country in the first place , '' rhys said .
i could have worn glamour instead of makeup in the first place , but it took concentration , and i 'd wanted all my concentration for the questions .
it had made me wonder even more why my father would n't let me have galen in the first place .
if i had n't wanted their expertise , then why had i brought them into the sithen in the first place ?
` ` if he adores you so much , why were n't you invited in the first place ? ''
` ` in the first place , we do n't even know what they look like .
he paused for a beat , and said , ` ` that 's rather the point in having a prison tower in the first place . ''
but while it could be assuaged , nothing was changing the thing that was pissing him off in the first place : the man he had come to kill was n't here .
jack was just one of a long line of contributing factors : my family for developing the virus in the first place , archibald holmes for i recruiting her , her husband for rejecting her , jack for being weak , and humans for being venal . ''
he had to do something , what he 'd been hired to do in the first place .
' how do you think they launched that chain in the first place , boy ? '
' that he 's the one who brought it onto the ship in the first place ?
' if your gods intended to cure you of your stupidity , they would not have made you that way in the first place . '
most of the priestess 's aid , however , had gone to the one who had caused the wreck in the first place .
' then you should n't have said it in the first place , ' lenk snarled .
it had taken no small effort to get them there in the first place .
why do it in the first place ?
she had no intention of moving from her cover in the first place , and the sudden sound that arose from the ship 's deck did nothing to persuade her .
but if he was right , why had n't she done what needed to be done in the first place ?
it was stupid of me to say it in the first place . '
' if talanas listened , we would n't be here in the first place . '
they do n't have the sense of social propriety necessary to upsetting it in the first place .
' well , we would n't be asking if our information was correct in the first place , ' she growled .
why did she do it in the first place ? '
why did n't you step in and protect us from the purple devils in the first place ?
which is why you 're going to jaga in the first place .
while it had n't seemed like a particularly expert idea in the first place , stuck in the middle of the reptile 's massive back seemed an especially poor position to be in .
` ` how they got through here in the first place ... '' she did n't emphasize the word , did n't so much as blink as she said it .
` ` still does n't explain how they got here in the first place , though , without any sacrifices ... unless , of course , greenhair was right . ''
probably not an unjustified thought , given the idiocy of following it in the first place .
` ` it was too precious to be penned in the first place .
` ` if you did n't care , you would n't have come here in the first place .
atsula and yanu exchanged places .
something started to fall into place .
` ` what are you - all doing here in the first place ? ''
` ` we had the second place , the place in the barn , in case we had two boys at the same time .
they brought out an enormous text , part of the legal code which governed exports from the country , studied articles , argued amongst themselves and with tharkay , and demanded a bill of sale which laurence had never obtained in the first place ; in annoyance he exclaimed , ` ` for heaven 's sake , it is a gift for my father , not an article of trade , '' and this being translated seemed at last to mollify them .
it was clear jill and lee did n't even have their attention on the game , and as for adrian and his natural talent ... well , they were very solidly in last place .
i wanted to know what warnings ( if any ) they gave out and how easy it was in the first place .
it was why he 'd wanted zoe in the first place .
` ` do you know how wrong it was that you even wanted this job in the first place ?
he did n't remember how he got to the hospital , or even why he was there in the first place .
he wondered why he needed to go someplace else in the first place .
of course , she dropped a dime on us in the first place .
other pieces fell into place .
that bothered him more than he thought it would - especially since it was a position that had been thrust upon him by necessity in the first place .
the sun was often hidden by the canopy of leaves and branches , assuming it was a sunny day in the first place , and that old chestnut about moss growing on the north side of the trees was entirely unreliable .
` ` and after all that fuss about wearing clothing in the first place ! ''
it was how one became a leader in the first place .
you were n't supposed to come out here in the first place ; you were supposed to stay in las vegas . ''
starting to realize just how little owning and operating a djinn of jonathan 's quality was doing to help him in the first place .
` ` human death , '' i said , and then i shut up fast , because i remembered just how jonathan had become a djinn in the first place , along with david ... on a battlefield , surrounded by human death .
` ` undoing a spell is a great deal more difficult than creating it in the first place .
` ` it ca n't be easy getting used to being a rat , especially for someone so dim - witted in the first place . ''
we stopped behind a warehouse , the reason he 'd chosen this neighborhood in the first place .
that was the reason i 'd accepted chance 's terms , left my quiet life , and climbed on this roller coaster in the first place .
and it was hard enough for me to open up in the first place .
but it was my fault we were here in the first place , and if mr . mcgee could tell us something about what was killing kilmer , we had to find out what he knew .
she held no weapon , but she did n't look as though she had mind enough left to remember why she 'd come out here in the first place .
we 'd loosed a demon on the world , even if we had n't conjured the thing in the first place .
i ca n't remember how i ended up in laredo or why jesse saldana was there in the first place . ''
that was why i 'd fallen in love with him in the first place .
it 's my fault you 're here in the first place . ''
he shook his head and left it at that , because god knew he should n't have opened the door in the first place .
he looked back -- the two men were gone , as if they had never been there in the first place .
` ` -i excuse it in the circumstances , '' laurence added , ` ` only as having proceeded from my own failing : the insult could not have been offered in the first place , had i done my duty and arranged for proper chaperonage .
he sighed and added , ` ` she is a sensible woman , and not a coward , to have agreed to the position in the first place ; i am sure she will soon understand you are no danger to her . ''
only it seemed hard that iskierka should be permitted to take granby away from temeraire in the first place , and make him wretched , and keep him forever in this far - away country , however much gold they did seem to have lying about everywhere .
` ` how did you see the fires in the first place ? ''
` ` most people would n't have gotten in the car in the first place . ''
besides , it was n't yours to have in the first place .
` ` you 're the one that put me there in the first place . ''
some of those lived in a cave beneath the cliff which beranabus jumped off - they were the reason drust had gone there in the first place .
why would they have put on the whole dog - and - pony show in the first place ?
look , i never deserved to be there in the first place .
presuming that someone in the cross society had n't sent it in the first place .
i do n't even know that there was an original message in the first place .
he was crazy with it ; she could feel it coming off of him in waves , and she 'd be insane to - ` ` come with me , '' she said , aware that it was most likely that mistake eidolon had been jeering about in the first place , the one she could n't help but make because she simply needed it as much as ben did .
but the society put jazz and me together in the first place !
considering that it was their fake red letter that got you in trouble in the first place . ''
you have ms . davis , who was the source of the information in the first place .
she was n't even supposed to be here in the first place . ''
` ` if mr . cleverdick wizard had n't wanted to dredge up things that never existed in the first place i would n't be here , i 'd be in the centre of things , knowing what 's going on . ''
you ought to make yourself useful and find the man who put the sword in the stone in the first place , eh ? '
the gods alone knew how they 'd come by it in the first place .
' how you get king inna first place ? '
our damn hat is why we 're in this mess in the first place .
there had been a real agatean ninja , for example , with fearsome death grip , and a captain carrot one - man night watch with a complete wardrobe of toy weapons , each of which cost as much as the original wooden doll in the first place .
he believed , along with general tacticus , that courage , bravery and the indomitable human spirit were fine things which nevertheless tended to take second place to the combination of courage , bravery , the indomitable human spirit and a six - to- one superiority of numbers .
' well , how do you think it got on the ground in the first place ? '
it has to drop out of the sky in order to get underground in the first place , does n't it ?
there was something oddly familiar that rincewind could n't quite place .
the abbot ca n't just say , ` ` lu - tze , you are an old rogue , it was you who put the idea of uberwald into everyone 's heads in the first place , but i see you 're onto something so off you go and follow your nose . '' '
' it 's more like not actually ever going in the first place , ' said lu - tze .
' and always ask yourself : how come it was created in the first place , eh ? '
it was the fault of whatever idiot had accepted this message for sending in the first place .
it was an experiment in the first place !
i should never have left here in the first place , tiffany thought .
something goes click inside the observer 's head and then everything falls into place .
power was always darkly fascinating , which was why he had married the duchess in the first place .
of course , if i 'd been human they would n't have called me down to the murder scene in the first place .
` ` but if we had n't baited them in the first place he would n't have been a target . ''
` ` of course , those were girls that , '' he felt the need to add , ` ` really did n't like males in the first place . ''
` ` and my sister would never , ever let some male who was never worthy of her in the first place , stop her from taking direct orders from her queen . ''
although shalin did think she 'd found the spell the old bitch used on rhiannon in the first place .
by the time we 're done , brother , you wo n't even remember her name that you did n't even care to know in the first place . ''
he 'd always been the calm center of the storm that was annwyl , which was why fearghus had chosen the stallion for his mate in the first place .
` ` you would n't have been in that situation in the first place if you had n't killed the man . ''
second , not al northland males did it in the first place .
if it was n't for him , none of us would have been here in the first place .
then remember why you left in the first place , and return to the mi - runach .
it was a skill talaith did n't have when she became angry enough and annwyl never had in the first place .
and it 's not like she and odda got along in the first place . ''
` ` she was n't yours in the first place and her human gods had deserted her long ago . ''
i do n't want to date my way through guys until i ' ve forgotten just what i was looking for in the first place and end up settling for the next one that comes along . ''
he 'd taken first place by polishing off twenty - two slices of pepperoni pizza ... deep dish style .
` ` there never was a choice to be made in the first place , '' i whispered , wanting to ease whatever unpleasant emotion was plaguing him , but i did n't know if he wanted me to be that person anymore .
the barn was a few yards away and would be a welcome hide - out to recompose myself before i made my way back to wil iam , who i d already left waiting too long on this should - have - been magical night ... and darn it if i had nt forgotten the dress that , if i had nt gone searching for it in the first place , i would nt be feeling the way i was now .
you are damned fortunate not to have poisoned temeraire with the thing in the first place . ''
they will never admit that they were in the wrong ; and that we have sacrificed our own happiness , to repair what never ought have been done , in the first place . ''
leathers were tough to get off in the first place , but with the lemony wash ?
which was the only thing worse than their losing him in the first place .
she explained , leaving out why she wanted a bible in the first place .
since the latter was what had gotten eve in trouble in the first place , he would be better off settling for the former .
it would be so easy to turn to him for comfort and support , but that was what had landed her in trouble in the first place .
` ` as with any possible infestation , '' wilson said , ` ` we prevent the pest from gaining access in the first place .
a cell phone went off , its ringtone a paul simon song that eve could n't quite place .
i just kept admonishing myself for being attracted to dex in the first place and for even thinking that he could be attracted to me .
i remembered why i was running in the first place .
she was the reason i 'd come alive in the first place .
she smiled as if it was her idea in the first place .
only stories , carefully cut from newspapers and mounted with paste , each one labeled as to date and place in joshua 's flowing hand .
i ca n't tell you how to do it -- i ' m not even sure how jonathan did it , in the first place .
` ` hell , kid , i inherited the damn job , and i never wanted it in the first place .
it 's what got us into this mess in the first place . ''
` ` that 's how all of them wound up in healing tubs in the first place . ''
` ` in the first place , this is my mission to run .
how he 'd survived the warden / djinn conflicts was anybody 's guess , but the fact that he had n't had a djinn issued to him in the first place was enough to keep him off the initial hit list , and i strongly suspected he 'd spent most of the conflict hiding out .
the sentinels know how to make it look nasty , but that was n't the same thing as truly building it right in the first place .
and all of a sudden , everything clicked into place .
` ` how do i find bodies in the first place ?
maybe hollis just had n't wanted to tell his superior i 'd asked for it in the first place - though why , i do n't know .
` ` how 'd the rip form in the first place ? ''
i was just taking in more of what had formed me in the first place .
it is only that it is rather hard on the other person , always taking second place to a dragon .
and if he was , what was he doing with those careers in the first place ?
` ` you had to tell us or we never would have moved our camp in the first place , brainless . ''
because he 'd done this thing to me in the first place .
lewis 's djinn told me to come here in the first place , or was that a lie , too ? ''
and why do i believe you 'll say it in the first place ? ''
had he led ausar to search him out there in the first place ?
they were never there in the first place .
and if you 're of , if you ca n't , by are you going to see hill , in first place , no matter what this guy recommends ?
as he crossed the room to the telephone , he told himself - and in no uncertain terms - that that idea was as crazy as seeing the auras in the first place .
the answer came as quickly and effortlessly as the decision to call 911 in the first place .
so it was never going to happen , but that 's okay , because it was never about that in the first place .
how does a person see in the first place ?
and what gives you the right to drive down here and give me this kind of bum 's rush in the first place ?
but janet chasse no longer had them ; even now she was no doubt reproaching herself bitterly for having lost them and wondering why she had ever taken them in the first place .
believe me , you do n't , lois : [ ` ` how did you get us up to this level in the first place ?
he 's the one who sent them out there in the first place . ''
if the ring was not his for the taking , why had the forces which stood behind clotho and lachesis - and dorrance , he could n't forget dorrance - set him and lois upon this journey in the first place ?
reiser , the center fielder nonpareil of the ' 40s and ' 50s , the man who had made the most hits , scored the most runs , and compiled the highest batting average in history , took a ragamuffin team that had finished last in 1968 and led them to first place with a miraculous combination of managerial insight and inspiration .
suddenly it fell into place .
he did n't say that it was he who had pushed maxie up the stairs in the first place .
that was why you went there in the first place . ''
okay , i stole it in the first place , but giving it back counts for something , does n't it ?
' you should have said that in the first place , mr king , ' said moist , as some impressive scrolls were handed over .
the voyage will be a success only , in the first place , if the ships do not collide and get in one another 's way ; and , secondly , if each ship is seaworthy and has her engines in good order .
in the first place , most children show plenty of ' prudence ' about doing the things they are really interested in , and think them out quite sensibly .
in the second place , if you want to go anywhere , the map is absolutely necessary .
they would n't have deposed him in the first place unless they had another person in mind for the throne . ''
philen had been the one to sneak cett into the city in the first place .
` ` it was an odd move in the first place .
` ` you should n't have been hurt in the first place , '' zane said .
but why fake an attack in the first place ?
` ` they would not have found themselves in this situation , for they would not have lost their titles in the first place . ''
or did i ever know her in the first place ?
` ` or maybe we never really understood them in the first place .
that 's why we had to come here in the first place .
the trees would n't be as effective as real battering rams - but then , the city gates were n't built to withstand a real battering in the first place .
why had he resisted in the first place ?
why did i come to luthadel in the first place ?
and ... our opponent created the game in the first place . ''
that force was , she assumed , behind the prophecies about the hero of ages in the first place .
this was n't the kind of place where one found men loyal to the local government - which was precisely why spook had found his way to the harrows in the first place .
one of the reasons cett had come to luthadel in the first place was because 1he 'd been unable to raise enough allomancers to protect him from mist - born assassins .
or that there was even something there in the first place .
perhaps that was what had driven him to leave in the first place .
perhaps i can talk him into listening to you ; we could avoid the need for this in the first place . ''
the terris religion was the one that had taught about the hero of ages in the first place .
why bother with allomancers in the first place , when you have the funds and means to steal all of this aluminum ?
pretty good if you want to take one alive , though with a tineye , you 're going to have trouble finding them in the first place . ''
his lack of self - control was what got him in this situation in the first place .
not that i was cooking for serena in the first place .
if we had n't gone to penny for your thoughts in the first place , then i would n't have gotten lost in the woods and brandon would n't have been bitten .
i could n't help but blame dr . meadows and her strange fortune for getting me into this situation in the first place .
` ` maybe it was coincidence , but why did he go up there in the first place ? ''
but my skepticism toward dr . meadows was what got brandon into this state in the first place .
in the heat of the moment i 'd forgotten where we were , and what i 'd come here for in the first place , but the sound of my casanova 's boss brought me down to earth with a bump .
it was bad enough that i 'd needed to book an escort in the first place .
for that matter , why had he tasted her in the first place ?
the simple lack of light would make it impossible , even if the sheer numbers of canim had n't made the entire idea laughable in the first place .
this is why there are cursors in the first place ! ''
if they did n't want to be in the relationship in the first place , why be there ?
he had n't wanted his delicate little mate to come along in the first place but lilly had won the argument .
if you had the guts to leave him in the first place , do n't you have the guts to own up to it ?
who ast you to speak to me in the first place , that 's what i 'd like to know !
` ` how in god 's name could he have found this guy slowik in the first place ? ''
so far , so good , but still ... how had she ever dared leave him in the first place ?
` ` more often than not it 's rabies that leads them to gardens and henhouses in the first place .
he had nt been there of his own free will in the first place .
how was he making them in the first place ?
` ` fine , yes , by the standards of the people who lost the chalice in the first place , i do n't count .
more surprising than seeing it watch me so seriously was the fact that it was a red fox in the first place .
i agreed , though i did n't like the idea of disarming in the first place .
what i attempted seemed ludicrous - but , then , so had feeling the water in the first place .
but dorian is right in his assessment of getting those creatures to you in the first place .
you also said you 'd never come to my bed in the first place .
never doubt that second place really is the first loser .
second , you probably deterred her by answering the door in the first place , as stoned as you were .
i was still shocked by bastien 's audacity in doing it in the first place .
` ` aside from the fact that i ' m being transferred in the first place .
and let 's not discount the fact that you 're going to las vegas in the first place !
why else would he have made that bargain in the first place to find you ? ''
you 're the one who taught me how to dress right in the first place . ''
he said no more , and the way he spoke implied that it had been a ridiculous question for me to ask in the first place .
seth ending things with maddie so abruptly was crazy - almost crazier than him proposing to her in the first place .
it had n't been a quality item in the first place , brown and stained and leaking more stuffing than it contained .
it did n't make sense for him to come this way in the first place .
especially the one whose fault it was she was brought into this situation in the first place .
this was all about me in the first place , was n't it ?
one who might have bothered to tell me we were mated in the first place .
by helping us in the first place , i have no doubt he has put himself at odds with much of his family , and still he remains . ''
with a click , the key fell into place .
in the first place , the whole episode will administer a rude shock to any complacency which may still lurk among us as to the enlightenment of our own civilisation .
` ` in the second place , '' continued miss ironwood , ` ` are you prepared to see the director ...
in the first place eustace ( never having read the right books ) had no idea how to tell a story straight .
it was partly my fault she had been taken in the first place .
thomas knew his brother , although five years older , could not have made such a shot at half the distance - but that was a cold satisfaction , because he also knew that pete never would have thrown a rock at a poor , hungry dog in the first place , especially one as old and decrepit as this one obviously was .
it was stupid of them - to use magic in the first place , and to not tell the circle they 'd been caught - but nobody had the heart to criticize them for their poor judgment .
in place of pike , they ate chunks of flaky white cod in a pastry coffyn , with some sort of tasty brown sauce that dunk could not quite place .
and she was the one who performed the spell that released them into the world in the first place .
the last letters clicked into place .
` ` i ' m surprised you did n't try to take it in the first place . ''
` ` if you 'd just admitted you were hurt in the first place , maybe you would n't be this bad off right now .
you should n't have been able to , in the first place , and i ' ve got no idea how it happened .
` ` if i 'd been able to , maybe we would n't be in this mess in the first place , '' he said .
but i do apologize for making that promise to you in the first place . ''
it was n't his fault in the first place ; he was just trying to clean up my mess .
then again , blowing out my tire was pretty low in the first place , venna .
i could n't imagine the strength it had taken to get him through it in the first place .
` ` she can not be so very maternal , if she agreed to send him so far away in the first place , '' laurence said to granby , shortly after dawn the next morning ; he was inspecting his best coat and trousers , which he had set out to air overnight , in the early light : his cravat needed pressing , and he thought he had noticed some frayed threads on his best shirt .
` ` he might like to , '' roland said , ` ` but if a fellow could haunt us , then he ought be able to do a little more to help us find him , in the first place . ''
` ` if they have brought the water there in the first place , it seems to me they are n't the ones doing the stealing , '' caesar said , but that was plainly absurd ; it was not as though the bunyips had made the water .
` ` howard , it was n't a date in the first place , '' said gregor .
he had never wanted to give gregor the sword in the first place .
there was a lot of head shaking and murmuring in the crowd from the underlanders who had probably been opposed to nerissa being made queen in the first place .
and in an instant , everything began tumbling into place .
if there was an award for the arse end of things , there 'd be a real bloody squabble for first place .
besides , if you did n't like the company of men you would n't come here in the first place .
' you look at what 's on the other side and you realize why there was a boundary in the first place .
perhaps it never belonged on your shoulders in the first place . ''
so far , the wise ones had allowed aviendha some honor by letting her serve punishments , but she did n't know how she had shamed herself in the first place .
and what was the captain - general of the queen 's guard doing fighting with a group of aes sedai rebels in the first place ?
you should n't have made that oath in the first place ! ''
if he 'd ever been able to in the first place .
blood and ashes , ituralde did n't know if he believed that the dragon had been reborn in the first place !
it defied reason that the domani used merchants as leaders in the first place .
` ` she should never have been allowed to assume she had that power in the first place . ''
if we had more like her , the tower would n't have gotten to this state in the first place . ''
and why did she have a bolt - hole in the kitchens in the first place ?
she 'd always insisted that nothing was wrong in the first place .
` ` why was n't this meeting sealed to the flame in the first place ? ''
the map belonged to the master mapmaker ; it was only because of his presence that they 'd been able to find this roadway in the first place .
` ` there are n't losses when you do n't fight in the first place . ''
i meant why you were in the area in the first place .
of course , the reason they were eager to see him in the first place had very little to do with egwene .
it had probably been a poor move to exile her in the first place , but there was no going back now .
as if this entire camp were n't mat 's in the first place !
` ` saerin , that 's one of the problems with elaida 's way of thinking in the first place !
but expectations like that one - assuming that she was safe - were what had gotten egwene captured in the first place .
many of you bear responsibility for that division on the first place !
of course , it could very well weaken the aes sedai by giving proof that the black ajah had indeed existed in the first place .
she 'd probably known about the attack in the first place .
` ` tian , four places down from me .
he never should have let them raise that wolfhead banner in the first place .
why had he accompanied gawyn down here in the first place ?
others never wanted one in the first place .
` ` we all know it was n't completely your will to join us in the first place .
it strikes me as unsuitable that i should need ' forgiveness ' or a ' pardon ' in the first place . ''
` ` i never needed one in the first place .
at least , those who had enough sense to feel it in the first place .
` ` seeing as to how he does n't have any wits in the first place . ''
was it possible that that was what caused him to become a wolfbrother in the first place ?
but perhaps trying to think it through too much had been the problem in the first place .
he 'd come to the black tower in the first place because he understood what was to come .
` ` we knew it was n't a way out in the first place .
` ` but if you could do this , why did we have to jump him in the first place ? ''
why do you need to sneak up on me in the first place ? ''
the great captain should n't have found himself there in the first place .
` ` egwene would never allow me to wear it in the first place '' .
sure , i 'd rather not have to choose in the first place .
she knew next to nothing about it - it was the dark one 's very essence , the lure that had coaxed channelers in the age of legends to drill the bore in the first place .
but knowing a thing and experiencing it were completely different ; that was why he 'd left the stedding in the first place .
coming to the club in the first place had been on a dare from bec , goading him into looking for a mate in a place full of women .
but it was much less of a shock than learning he was a werewolf in the first place .
the first - place winner had been a mustang , also midnight blue , named delilah , who had gotten scrapped around the time i met david , as if i had to give up one really lovely thing for another .
i would n't have , if i 'd been her , but then , i would n't have been stupid enough to get into the fight in the first place .
i was facing someone with earth powers , that much was obvious ; it took a pretty special talent to suck someone through the beach and into a cave , especially since fort lauderdale was n't exactly known for caves in the first place .
that meant he knew about them , in the first place ... and she was right , i 'd sent in a resume , and marvin had hired me after giving me one look .
` ` do you really want to be on the side of the one who made us slaves in the first place ? ''
not that i 'd been willing to in the first place .
the utter ` ` rightness '' of devouring what one killed fascinated him , as did the desire to kill in the first place .
i did n't know how i 'd managed to leave minoa in the first place .
hell , he 'd been the one to give me the idea to curse him in the first place .
it was your choice to come here to glastonbury in the first place , was it not ? ''
maybe it was a skill she 'd honed after years of studying human nature , or maybe the ability to read people was what had led her to psychology in the first place .
he had n't even wanted nannybot in the first place .
` ` and she 's killing levi and allie so casey becomes queen ... . '' the pieces were starting to fall into place .
are n't you the one who got her stranded in the snow in the first place ? ''
` ` it 's how you sold your soul in the first place .
i 'd proven he was wrong about seth ... but what did that really matter when compared to how stupid i 'd been in the first place about seth ?
i never wanted it in the first place .
in fact , him and his niggers are the very reason you men are here in the first place , harrison told them .
it was so imprudent of me to speak with him in the first place , even if it was done in the open , where suspicious and evil eyes could observe us and idle , lying tongues could report on us .
i do not know why i waste my ink upon names , for i am sure all this engages your attention even less than it did my own , and i had at least the advantage of looking at color plates of the characters , as it wereand of having chosen to learn about them in the first place , for the simple reason that i had noticed them on a previous occasion , and had at that time decided that the daughter was the handsomest young lady i had yet seen in bath .
there was no reason for him to attack me in the first place .
it was eadies idea in the first place but it was finally edward who went down with such force as to burst a cushion .
that might have made a difference , if the house of tudor had any claim to the crown of england in the first place , which it had not .
why dream about the marbles and if they were so special why did edward have them in the first place ?
it was martin who brought me to peterborough in the first place .
no , unless it was already influencing something in the first place .
then why s he a biker in the first place ?
and where did he get that skip loader in the first place ?
stoney , why d you come up here in the first place really ?
with that said , they turn in the direction of vancouleurs , and gallop to their next place in history .
that s why we came to this dimension in the first place , is nt it ?
he is the one who captured jehanne in the first place .
what i would prefer is to be put into a prison with women guards , as i was promised in the first place !
finally , he fumbled for something to say , blurting out impertinently , why on earth did you marry him in the first place , antonietta ?
the only acceptable place is in my hands , she responded with apparent irritation .
the urban legend of texas independence , which had never happened in the first place , was now dead .
why did nt you tell me that in the first place ?
there was nothing here for me in the first place .
he cursed himself for not taking her to a decent establishment in the first place , as he 'd wanted to do all along .
he considered himself a fool for leaving in the first place .
literally , before one could complete reciting the lord 's prayer , the foremost of the other runners crossed the finish line -in second place .
then he s not a very kind man , for ' t was his vice that caused this mess in the first place .
you never really had her in the first place .
no one except the builders knew how those heaving stones were cut and placed there in the first place .
do nt you suppose the gods regret giving out their names in the first place ?
they could not break their rules , although they had written them in the first place , although they never imagined someone taking the throne from zeus .
he had seen generals sacrifice entire bands of soldiers in battle , only to ignore those deaths later , as if the soldiers never meant anything to the generals in the first place .
suddenly , athena remembered why she was there in the first place .
i am the reason why you are on that throne in the first place .
it seemed to take her longer to descend to the floor of the pit than it took her to fly to the volcano in the first place .
a many - sided tie resulted , although each had given second place to themistocles , who bellowed insults and accusations of cowardice .
her great uncle thomas had obtained her position here in the first place through his friendship with queen charlottes physician , and although she had not seen her great uncle since she left miss andertons academy to go to court , she had dutifully corresponded with him at christmas and for his birthday in august .
he d settled a good sum on her when she married , and he said if her husband had spent it all and she had nt any left , it was her fault for being fool enough to marry the man in the first place .
surely not kind , good - hearted uncle charles , who had welcomed her into his home and given her the shawl in the first place .
the need for patience set me speculating on richards suspicion of magic ; it seems he brought it into the centre of politics ; its what drew my attention to thomas in the first place .
in the first place ; in 1483 the bloody tower was known as the garden tower , the later name not being acquired until the 1500s and nothing to do with the princes ; second , the apartment in which they were said to be killed did not exist in 1483 , it was constructed to house sir walter raleigh in the reign of elizabeth i ; third , to extricate the bodies and bury them in the fashion prescribed by later legend could not have been done without discovery .
i disagree , of course , had i been so wary in the first place we would nt be in this situation .
what is taken for granted had to somehow come into being in the first place .
the hollanders say had n't been for the maps he drew up , they 'd never have been able to double the cape in the first place .
and a number of answers began , just began , to fall into place .
` ` you ' ve never told me how you came to be in the zenana in the first place .
it was , he knew , the barbarous practice of unbelievers , and he cursed himself for taking on the woman in the first place .
` ` in the first place , king james has no zenana .
he never met the maratha armies in the first place , so he did not lose a single infantryman .
in the first place , the firing mechanism 's a flintlock .
` ` in the first place i do n't wish to marry hugh winston .
` ` i do n't know whether to thank you , katy , or order you clapped in the brig for coming here in the first place .
and the spaniards never cared about it in the first place .
there would nt be a honeymoon if i had my way cause there would nt be a wedding in the first place !
oh , christine , why did you go down there in the first place ?
would it make any difference to the man to understand it was the tempting thought of his bride that had driven simon to make such an unreasonable request in the first place ?
the appearance of a marriage was all he had ever really wanted in the first place .
pari - mutuel wagering had been outlawed in california so the pot was a simple split : seventy percent to the winner , thirty percent for second place .
they ve assured me they ll do better than their last place finish a year ago !
as a result the second place finish will be worth seven thousand three hundred and fifty dollars .
first place will be worth seventeen thousand one hundred and fifty dollars !
unfortunately , our second place team of sterling babcock and james parker pennington , iii was unable to stay for the banquet , so this will be brief .
but then i realized that if god wanted me to fail the trial , then he would not have sent you to lead me through the path in the first place .
it was a miracle dumbun had survived godrics original discovery of the affair in the first place .
he also felt a strange ache in his heart that he supposed had driven him to drink so much in the first place .
rodgar had probably been the one to start this discussion about escaping in the first place , and he would not let audrey hinder his plans .
its the fact this fucking castle exists in the first place !
what do you think we are doing at your house in the first place ?
is nt that why i offered them to you in the first place ?
henry says wasting opportunities is a worse sin than not creating them in the first place ... whatever that means .
and as for why i bothered in the first place i suppose it was because i stopped , then told her what i d realised before .
how on earth did you spot this in the first place ?
the rain came down pretty hard on their way back , so trevor kept the speed down , especially knowing that john was nt all that fond of cars in the first place .
but tell me , tandy , what got you into this business in the first place ?
laughed rey , besides its where he wanted to go from ireland in the first place .
if you only knew the struggle it was to get her to learn english , kicking and screaming , in the first place .
i have my suspicions that all of this was his wifes idea in the first place .
and if one does not believe that the god can answer , then it would nt make any sense to ask in the first place .
you want seven decimal places ?
it did n't matter that you could calculate an equation to any number of decimal places .
hell , normally , she would have waved and not stopped in the first place .
he competed in around 30 competitions , won perhaps 24 , and was never judged lower than second place .
i adopted the pose of the morally outraged , wished i d never taken any in the first place .
i wonder why they did nt send him home in the first place .
just for coming to this country in the first place .
for instance , what was i doing in green bay in the first place ?
maybe buck was onto something when he mentioned someone must have put a decimal point in the wrong place .
but if you can marry for love in the first place , so much the better .
hixson felt guilty for pushing her to go in the first place , but now they were too far to turn around .
sarahs mother was nt well in the first place ?
and if he had nt stolen valuables when he raided the anarchists homes in the first place , he never would have lost his job .
you re usually first in your place .
it was thanks to them that father was captured in the first place , but they absolutely forbid the execution of their king .
yerll probably find a few in tha same statedamn fool that put tha fences up in tha first place ad no idea what e was doin , usin softwood instead o hardwood postsme wife coulda done better .
she s not so bad , but es a proper mongrel , wallis said ; wonder why she ever married i m in tha first place ?
now the police here , they think they are being clever arresting the reverend for some old charge that probably had no standing in the first place .
what did they want her for in the first place ?
` ` then why the need to kidnap me from windamere in the first place ? ''
` ` i received more than half since i 'd invested most of the funds in the first place .
` ` do you know why we three have this ability in the first place ?
it was nt long after that that the town was named georgetown in honor of the older of the two brothers which it turned out had actually been the one to find the gold in the first place .
and why would he have it in the first place ?
because i do nt know how i won you in the first place .
the war is over , and i will not have you gallivanting around the country trying to get yourself killed for some noble cause that made no sense in the first place .
he did not want to be here in the first place and yet because of a promise to his uncle , and the manipulation of his mother , he was forced to bow to subjective regulations and whimsical assessments .
he still got his catfish supper , which was what made his birthday special in the first place .
if he quit now his family would feel like he had made a bad decision in the first place .
well , oi left , official , like , when oi was about fourteen , but oi 'd never really been at school that much in the first place .
it was bad enough that cully had broken ranks in the first place and to follow him and do likewise was madness , but cully was driven by bloodlust , whilst ben was weighed down with reason .
how could she have allowed herself to be persuaded to enter the earl of kelthornes orchard in the first place .
what manner of foolishness had ever caused her to leave her home in the first place ?
kelthorne pondered the fact that stolford had bothered to have a conversation with charles hemyock in the first place .
i will tell you only because i trust you in the first place .
why was she even here in the first place ?
it was he that had helped them to escape in the first place and now he was trying to recapture them .
though he d never been bothered with finding one in the first place .
or stated in the first place .
not that he wanted her forcibly taken from his home , but maybe she did nt actually want to leave in the first place !
they ran and ran on the winding way , forgetting which way they came in the first place .
of course unearned income is not really unearned for the term takes no account of capital outlay and the cost of expertise , whether its the owners or a contractor to the owner , or of acquiring the property in the first place .
do you realise why the federation was formed in the first place ?
ben had not been too pleased to see guthrie in the first place , but the name calling was too much for him to take .
my heart has been filled with frustration for always being one step behind ; anger because they were taken in the first place ; fear that we wo nt find them ; concern for their welfare and i have begun to wonder if i have the skills to find them .
oh , there s one question that i wanted to ask you in the first place do you play the guitar ?
why are we hidin from him in the first place ?
an ' i still ai n't figgered out why you went an ' done all this in the first place . ''
` ` but why take them out of the box in the first place .
in the first place , the elders were enraged at the fact that vaxili had insulted lower kerina by imprisoning so many of its sons .
military matters were jinas business , in the first place .
it was the same man who had pointed out ridge in the first place , and suddenly parkman decided he had heard enough from this troublemaker for the night .
a sound she could nt quite place .
i ca nt think why the likes of her and her snivelling child bothered to come in to my lovely haberdashery in the first place , can you meg ?
having been down that river one time , and having seen what it took to make that turn and stay dry , i was elated with our second place finish .
you had no business bringing them out here in the first place .
everything , after so long , was falling into place .
` ` but why should i choose to fight for one side or the other when what i truly believe is that neither side should be bracing itself for a fight in the first place ?
` ` i guess if they were cautious men who always avoided trouble when they could , they would n't even be in kansas in the first place . ''
` ` i do n't know whatever got into me to let you come along in the first place , but we do n't want you with us . ''
cathy had worked they could even look at getting a third place , a joint venture between their business and ellas if they wanted .
he knew it from the way the townsfolk and the farmers had stared at him as he had marched angrily out of stratford earlier that day and up the main road , south - west towards bristol , anywhere , just to get away from a marriage that he had never wanted in the first place and which had now gone horribly wrong .
yes , well , said budsby finally , taking shakespeare quietly by the arm and leading him to the area that had sparked their enthusiasm in the first place - the vacant space near the rear wall of the tavern .
when you think about it , he really did n't exist in the first place .
mr shakespeare , added burghley , with an impish grin , who do you think organised the queens challenge for you in the first place ?
but then , they did elect their king in the first place ; perhaps that was what made the difference .
i came out of that corner in second place .
the veteran , overtaken by a younger man , had taken fourth place ; the others were straggling in , as the two women raised their arms in the air , and their voices in a scream of triumph .
` ` but i broke them out of velzna in the first place . ''
to hear nothing meant one of two things ; either he 'd imagined the noise in the first place , and was sliding ever closer to insanity , driven mad by lack of sleep and the loneliness of kingship ; or there was someone there , and it was someone who wanted not to be detected .
and in the nature of it , it was scrappy , every man for himself , fighting your way out of a situation you did n't want to be in in the first place .
` ` it 's war that brought it in the first place . ''
when i took my place for the final round , a rueful smile was on my face .
he had nt wanted to come on this errand in the first place ; he had thought they should contact the woman sibyl by post .
that is if you could pass yourself off as a parlor maid in the first place .
where would he have gotten cyanide in the first place ?
if birney throws his electors to me , as he promised , why , it gives me 44 electors , just one more than van buren , lifting me into third place !
that leaves me out in the cold , in sixth place .
with their quorum suddenly increased by twelve , and assuming all the electors in all the other states held true , joseph smith had forty - four electoral votes , to martin van burens forty - three , vaulting joseph into third place .
marco was confused and starting to think that maybe he should nt have gotten involved with this crazy old witch in the first place .
philip in particular had had his nose severely put out of joint , namely because he had had to ask for the money from the temple in the first place .
if i am reckless then we are alike and perhaps it is that which attracted you to me in the first place .
and its no good appealing to the prince , for its because he encouraged his troops to rampage that you lost the money in the first place .
perhaps you should nt have written all of those letters to her in the first place , his face cracked into a nasty grin .
hell , it was davis who provided the girl mulholland in the first place .
yes , gwalaes had saved longswords life but had nt the men of llanlleyn almost taken it away in the first place ?
the trouble is not so much the headaches but being unable to rest in the first place , gwalaes .
and no matter who it was , the result would be disastrous for this enterprise , which happens to be the reason were all here in the first place .
he exhaled a long , slow breath , conceding liams assessment , resigned in his acknowledgment that it was no surprise , nothing he had nt encountered before , the only wonder being that she had even approached him in the first place .
already wasted a minute just making a damn decision should have been second nature , did nt need deciding in the first place .
and why had he come in the first place ?
he had created the problem by taking matilda jane to her home in the first place .
and i had caused you the trouble in the first place by bringing matilda jane to you .
even if you never wanted a command in the first place .
if the church was truly against the study of medicine , why would they have allowed the hospitallers to form in the first place ?
more than a few of these haunches never belonged to those cursed monks in the first place .
how is it a good christian like yourself came to possess a pure - blooded arabian like him in the first place ?
they would have just killed the poor bastard anyway so there had n't been anything to really worry about in the first place .
the one who got him into this mess in the first place .
to fade into the illusion that she had never died in the first place and everything was right with the world .
he wanted to have the energy to shake him and ask how he could say such things of the very man who had set the laws in motion which took his father to that very city in the first place .
he also saw many that should have been obvious to him in the first place .
of course , she thought it was probably because of her shop that jake had his relapse in the first place .
she wondered why she had stopped there in the first place .
and i did nt think shed be offended , since she chose a dog shape in the first place .
` ` dad say 's second place just means your first among losers . ''
luke remembered the reason he had come to the underground levir lair in the first place .
if he had nt gotten mixed up with you , in the first place , he never would have never done those things .
we were the ones who put their souls in danger in the first place , lily said .
i do nt know why you agreed to it in the first place , daciana said .
they think it 's ugly , its face a mish - mash of caricatures , the very fact i had it in the first place irking many .
just because we did nt have much of one in the first place does nt mean you re sent here to take up the slack !
although it did nothing about the reason she had been sent there in the first place .
i do nt know how they could let him go in the first place .
i wanted to ask them why they were on portsmouth in the first place .
yet must we be satisfied , in the first place because we have to be , no other means is at our control , and secondly , because , after all these things , tradition and superstition , are everything .
had i not seen the repose in the first place , and the gladness that stole over it just ere the final dissolution came , as realization that the soul had been won , i could not have gone further with my butchery .
what she did think about was how this whole mess had started in the first place .
shit , lady , how did you know how to find me in the first place ?
the terrifying rise in infection rates and mortalities did nt concern me as much as the disease suddenly appearing in isolated areas where the odds of exposure should have been nil in the first place .
where we should have gone in the first place .
i kicked myself for getting involved in the first place .
shut up , you ninny , erich said , he who had gotten ernesto into the situation in the first place .
god , it was terrible there is no hope for our kind , not when the damned daemons are lurking everywhere , with the power to slowly whittle away our race , as i fear they have been doing for many thousands of years and then we ran out of powder , and the nightmare began we resorted to the dagger , for the device , the thing that had gotten me into this damn trouble in the first place , was transported with us .
why had the necromancers taken my parents in the first place ?
even though gregory has instructed me on defending from the ground , most of our training was geared toward shooting and making sure i do n't get on the ground in the first place .
the heavy panting of walter coming down the hallway dispelled her astonishment and reminded camilla of what drew her to this room in the first place .
what on earth sent that horde swarming toward us in the first place ?
you ever wonder how we got into level zero in the first place ?
always last place for ashley .
do n't exist to them in the first place .
that 's how i 'd gotten these stupid blisters in the first place .
i did n't like this any more than she did and wondered why she had even wanted to come in the first place .
who hired him in the first place ?
we d just like to know what you were doing out there in the first place .
it was attached to a message noting this might be tomorrows editorial photo , a rather free format where the newsworthy aspect took second place , and other positive or even whimsical messages might be put across with pictures .
he had only followed jenny in the first place to put some distance between himself and his son .
that hot tamale had been right in the first place and they were on their own .
traversing the mountain in the dark would be much trickier , but there were very few people who would attempt that in the first place .
why he had married the woman in the first place was a source of never - ending wonderment to elmer .
it 's probably the number one reason we 'd been invited along on this trip in the first place .
` ` besides , i was the one who was telling the story in the first place . ''
he should n't have taken us in the first place .
it seemed it did n't participate in the conversation undertaken by the two guests , its answers appeared , always of first i lead off , out place and excessively abstruse but , in truth they were propositions that transcended the approximation of other people 's questions , to directly hover to the deep vertexes of the psyche of its interlocutors , toward this ch'essis really lived in their intimate and not turning to what their sibylline words they declared .
that s what got everyone buzzing about our site in the first place .
another pink - bubbled message buzzed into place .
it had a strange , spicy flavor she could nt quite place .
by then he d forgotten why he d run away in the first place .
he did nt really want to hit anybody and felt stupid then for having stood up in the first place .
was his idea in the first place .
yeah , but what if you should nt a been in the fight in the first place , dummy ?
why the hell was this bleak and isolated place security mined in the first place he wondered , after all it was just a satellite research station .
sautin wondered idly what kind of loser fucking band would have taken on a guy like this in the first place , but hell , he d seen a lot of shitty bands in his days too .
in fact , i came to wonder how it had gotten there in the first place .
the last couple days have been a fine time for thinking on the run , putting off for later the thing that has caused all the trouble in the first place .
as dirt spurting from the drifting rear wheels , we emerged from the turn , i realised we were actually going to finish in third place .
i was in third place , two laps from the end and coming up behind don peroni when i made the mistake of glancing at henry and julia in the stand , where i had marked them , under the romanian flag .
the next race henry finished in fifth place and he really was finding his feet in the sport now , not difficult to do since nike had given him some handmade size-14 trainers with specially strengthened soles .
it took us another lap to get right behind the car in third place .
if i d done my job right in the first place , we would nt be in this situation .
i was crazy to think it in the first place .
why were you at randalls house in the first place ?
he was thinking about why all this happened in the first place .
josh felt ashamed he ever asked anything in the first place .
` ` why were chimeras made in the first place ? ''
what caused the first monsters to appear in the first place ? ''
he felt odd having proposed a bro date in the first place , and he was nt used to not being laughed at .
the guards were used to protecting logan , and maurice had said from the very beginning that the council would nt suddenly accept maurices authority assuming the three of them managed to pull off this little caper in the first place .
of course , they re all a part of the nwo and they planted the goddamn xavier virus in the first place , so take that for what you will .
i could not seek out ares to help me , for this was entirely his fault in the first place .
i mean , catching them in the first place .
i slowed you down in the first place .
this war was not a challenge to our armed forces , but the mystery remains as to how the zombie virus was released in the first place , thus making it a topic of significant interest .
nobody retired any more , not unless they had an association with osmosis inc , the monster that created this mess in the first place .
but how 'd you get out there in the first place ?
everything else came in second place .
it was not lost on me that i could not explain the mist in the first place so , explaining the pocket in the mist was a mystery of frustrating proportions on top of my already full load of things to be frustrated at .
and spirit is what excites the blood and fluids into action that makes life worth living in the first place .
why call it in the first place ?
they had no idea of why the energy was wasted on them in the first place .
after all , he was responsible for her being here in the first place .
you had no deal to be here in the first place .
anything you do against that authority is a break in the deal which gives me authority in the first place .
he forgot that it was the keeper 's cabin deal that brought the mist there in the first place .
whoever had posted them had long since stopped caring about trespassers , and from the appearance of the place , they were probably never necessary in the first place .
but to her , delcie no longer even existed , and perhaps had nt in the first place .
he looked at the baffles and flues and jets and wondered how the hell the thing would ever work in the first place .
he thought about going to his uncle jay , and getting him to go along , but he knew what jay would say about him going out there in the first place , much less to do arson .
it was largely what got janet interested in the law in the first place .
the one that marked the start of this whole problem in the first place ?
why the hell is gram dragging all this up in the first place ?
but do nt forget this was all your idea in the first place .
they were n't entirely happy with david 's treatment of them in the first place .
david felt sorry for whoever lugged all that furniture upstairs in the first place and even sorrier for himself knowing he would probably lug it all down again .
or remembered in the first place that she usually slops tea everywhere !
its not like ill be able to leave in the first place .
remembering the other creatures that had surrounded him in the first place , he decided it was time to make a move .
for many years now , she competed in the flower show with her less than stellar offerings but this year she is certain that she has a true contender for first place .
it sounded like a lousy second place consolation prize , perhaps a small plastic trophy that could nt even hold a decent shot of hooch .
by the time neville finished , he was wondering why he d ever bothered to come in the first place .
he had nt paid any attention to where he d been going in the first place and had only found the park by chance .
i never wanted these machines onboard in the first place .
callendar and jeffers were surprised by how many people began to show up : both that they d gotten word in the first place , and that they d then managed to fight their way through the gauntlet of wilderings .
the glasses were strange enougha vampire had better vision than any humanbut it was the smirk on his face that made terrill realize he was looking at the leader of these wilderings , perhaps the one who had begun this epidemic in the first place .
in fact , she had been the one who had enticed simone into his car in the first place , the day everything had changed .
that s why he d taken so readily to the black blood in the first place .
this was not the girl who i 'd watched cross the line in first place in her school cross country a few years ago , this was a sickly ghost who i could love no more than i did but for whom i grew more afraid with each passing moment .
` ` the incidents that drew our attention to the target in the first place seem a little orchestrated on hindsight .
the trampled grass they d come through breathed with the steady crawling of the thousands ; even now they covered the fuselage as the men stared wide - eyed and wondered how they d overlooked them in the first place .
that is , if he could ever find the fucking thing in the first place .
he knew nothing positive would come from it , and as he sat in the car he wondered what had possessed him to come over today in the first place .
frank was going to win first place ; we did nt set aside any money for him , no matter how well he did .
the rest of us were playing for second place .
peter bingham , the youngest salt , was in second place behind frank burns .
as if they were never there in the first place .
plus , how did the thing fall in the first place ?
he had nt wanted this goddamn job in the first place .
a lot of the drive was lost even then ( more so since ) and when she finally parked the car and rented a room at a motel 6 she had to fight hard to remember why shed left texas in the first place .
there were no further noises , no hints of motion , if , in fact , there had ever been any in the first place .
she stumbled to her feet , suddenly wanting nothing else than to be away from this terrible bridge , wondering now why shed risked walking out here in the first place .
i do nt know you from adam and ca nt think of any reason you d be here in the first place .
and what the hell was she doing up here in the first place ?
his attack of panic after seeing something that was nt there , that simply could nt be there in the first place .
right now she knew why shed had them in the first place .
if they did they would nt live there in the first place .
for a moment she stared at the name ( blinking on and off in the rectangle the cursor had described around it ) , lost as to why shed sought it out in the first place .
she could nt deny the fact that it d been her who called james in the first place , not the other way around .
she had nt the slightest idea to whom it could belong , or why he d be concerned in the first place , one of that cabal of murderers , but she slowly shook her head back and forth and even attempted a smile .
almost too tired to care about the figure that d got him out here in the first place .
she did nt think there would be any more lifelines , if , in fact , skate had been one in the first place .
but it only served to confirm his being out here in the first place .
the others likewise began shedding their clothes ( at least those who d had them on in the first place ) and joined in on the rite .
it was dark and these dumb fucks probably would nt know who was on the atv in the first place .
i might not have crashed and ended up in this mess in the first place .
mccarthy , surrounded by his students of that year , held a fourth place ribbon and wore a monstrous grin in the center of the team hug .
how had this one ever got hired in the first place ?
shed never recognized that expression of brutality in the first place .
whose idea had it been , in the first place , to banish the boy to crossroads and its dangers ?
at that he could nt help countering : whose idea was it in the first place to hire him ?
i did nt even want to go to the farm in the first place .
in the distance she heard the horrid cries of thousands of vampires she created - fresh corpses who were no match for laythan in the first place .
scores , if it were nt for you , i might not be well enough to make this questionable decision in the first place .
i could nt climb with her in my arms and did nt figure that would have been such a good idea in the first place .
and what the hell was it doing out here in the first place ?
in the first place , i could never have explained to him what i meant , and in the second , he would have laughed stupidly at me if i had .
in the first place , millarca complained of extreme languorthe weakness that remained after her late illnessand she never emerged from her room till the afternoon was pretty far advanced .
famine had no clue about that or why his uncle asked him the question in the first place .
it made me wonder why they had n't done this in the first place ... stuffed me in the back and had someone more committed to their cause piloting the rig .
jimmy realized it was time to get back to the business of why he had hiked halfway up this godforsaken mountain in the first place .
if they come back , then they never were dead in the first place .
just why did we come here tonight in the first place ?
while tying his boot laces , billy remembered winning second place at the school wide athletics day that was just a week before summer vacation started .
the remlap house was a huge two story building and had many rooms cluttered with enough things that maria could have spent a week hunting for shotgun shells that might never be found or never existed in the first place .
not that willie ever notices much in the first place , but yes it will be well hidden .
that s how we ended up with all of this stuff in the first place .
i just wish we could find out what the creature was doing here in the first place .
who was the fifth place setting for ?
in fact , i do nt how i got up the courage to come over here in the first place .
it took me a few minutes to remember why i was there in the first place .
i had a number of questions of my own , like , how had she been awakened from her coma in the first place ?
then another piece of the puzzle fell into place .
you probably did nt deserve them in the first place , you useless retch .
not even me and certainly not someone who would nt stomach the trip in the first place .
what if he had been wrong in the first place ?
his family was nt really the church - going type in the first place .
but really billy did nt look as he had expected an answer in the first place .
it was probably billys suggestion to use it in the first place .
that s probably why he ended up in the back of that truck in the first place .
ash let cervantes chose the other two bearers and then send them off towards where they had entered the warehouse in the first place .
the explanation did nt make much sense to jason , but neither did covering a store roof with small rocks in the first place .
where were you all headed in the first place ?
jason had thought that getting the television onto the cart in the first place was difficult , getting it to roll over the stones was ten times worse .
before she followed douglas down the stairs she stopped and turned to face them again , i almost forgot why we came up here in the first place , aside from the huge crashing sounds , take these .
lynn turned to her fianc you asked the question in the first place what do you think ?
why could nt you have just come out and said that in the first place ?
obviously not billy , since he was the one to suggest that they shift the stones lining the roof top with shovels in the first place .
who wanted to be a zombie in the first place ?
but tex and white getting angry at avery because of what he said about the captain was ironic because it was the captains giving the hippy girl to tex and white that so pissed avery off in the first place .
he must have been borderline mentally retarded , and should have never been conscripted in the first place .
the adventurers had marked out where the car rested , which was rather unnecessary since the lot was largely empty in the first place .
jason followed amy and lynn out into the street , discarding his silly angst about losing what he never really had in the first place .
how could it even be happening in the first place ?
why she had nt just taken the thing in the first place was beyond her .
it was all the things that i had long to say since it had all ended in the first place .
` ` then why bother in the first place ? ''
i think i d place the influence both things had on my demeanor in that order , leaning heavily on the sex with gem .
` ` besides it was stupid of me to sleep with you without a condom in the first place . ''
they would n't even let me in court in the first place ; they 'd laugh me out of the station house .
but what had the odds been on his finding johnny in the first place ?
how had they gotten out there in the first place , among the cast - off tires and rusty engine parts standing hip - deep in sunflowers and feeling each other up ?
and after all , what else was a big brother for , especially one who was n't quite big enough to stop the boogeyman from doing such an unspeakable thing in the first place ?
` ` my fault for getting us in there in the first place . ''
oh , johnny , a mocking voice spoke up from inside his head - it was terry , the never - say - die bitch who had gotten him into this fuckarow in the first place .
the moment the cellular phone was back in johnny 's hand , the transmission - bars disappeared again , leaving only the s. they were never there in the first place , you know that , do n't you ?
steve thought of telling cynthia there was no time to be careful , that that time had passed when they lost track of david in the first place ... but there was no time to talk , either .
` ` then why did he bring us here in the first place ? ''
` ` do you know how tak got into ripton in the first place ? ''
you knew they were rich not just because they always wore rolexes and oakley sunglasses , but because they dared walk along in those tiny spandex ballhuggers in the first place .
` ` 1 think we never should have come in the first place , '' mary said faintly , and got into the car .
already beaver can not understand where they found the sack to intervene in the first place , and later the others will say the same .
it 'd run me down before i could get halfway across the room , he thought , wondering in the back of his mind why the room had to be so goddam big in the first place .
his goddam hip , if he did try to run his hip would slow him down even more thanks to the retired professor , fucking elderly asshole should n't have been driving in the first place , thanks a lot , prof , thanks a fucking pantload , and if he could n't hold the door shut and he could n't run , what then ?
and he plunges into the street without looking , the passenger inside helpless to do anything but ride along , understanding at last that this was exactly how and why the accident happened - the old man , yes , the old man with early - stage alzheimer 's who had no business behind the wheel of a car in the first place , but that had only been part of it .
you have no business doing this in the first place , owen told him .
nobody liked the son of a bitch much in the first place .
' always assuming we 're able to catch him in the first place .
davis , never bolted together tightly in the first place , grew increasingly certain that his neighbor , the offensive roberts , was out to steal his farm .
freddy was getting better and kurtz had never caught the damned ripley in the first place ( perhaps he was immune ; in any case , he had taken off the mask and tossed it indifferently in back fifteen minutes ago ) .
that had been right up there with same shit , different day , had perhaps even taken over first place as they grew older and began to consider themselves sophisticated .
it was what had driven me out in the first place .
either because of the accident or because i never had that particular skill in the first place . ''
i had enough mind left in my mind to wonder what we 'd been thinking , coming down this road in the first place .
there it was , the question she had n't asked before ; she 'd been too fixated on how i 'd found out about her and tom in the first place .
the same power that drew you here in the first place . ''
` ` how do you happen to have a gun in the first place ? ''
then do n't touch it in the first place .
and besides , buck said , who 'd send for the fire marshal in the first place ?
that was why she had noted the unlatched door in the first place , of course .
the rich smell of oil and meat was probably what had drawn the dog in the first place , and it was undoubtedly the smell which kept it from bolting back into the woods at the sound of her voice .
and as the seconds passed ( twelve - twelve - twelve , the clock on the bureau said , seeming to suggest that the whole idea of time passing was an illusion , that time had in fact frozen solid ) , jessie thought that perhaps she had been right in the first place , that there was really no one in here with her at all .
jessie asked the woman , but she was already gone ` ` if she had ever been there in the first place , that was .
why had she left the path in the first place ?
maybe , but she was n't going to follow the kind of think - ing that had gotten her into this mess in the first place .
she had done a great many things right since becoming lost - more than she ever would have guessed - but this was a bad decision , the worst she 'd made since leav - ing the path in the first place .
not that she had seen him disappear , exactly , because tom had never been there in the first place .
she did n't know how she could have been confused in the first place .
i was n't healing as well as normal , which explained why the tree limb had hurt me so badly in the first place , as well as the scarring .
city planners never would have located it where it was in the first place .
the balloons should have burst in the intense cold , but they did not ; they floated above and ahead of the clown when they should have been streaming out behind him , trying to escape back into the barrens ... where , some part of ben 's mind assured him , this creature had come from in the first place .
` ` i ' m the reason they landed on you in the first place .
he headed for home as fast as he could , wondering what in hell had possessed him to come in the first place ... what had drawn him .
none of them had ever stepped a foot inside of the paradise or wally 's spa , they did their boozing at the country club which then stood over on derry heights , but they wanted to make sure that none of those barbags or peavey - swingers got polluted by the blacks of company e. ` ` so major fuller says , ` ` i never wanted them here in the first place .
but this tune they were the voices of the others , the voices of the kids that had gotten him into this in the first place , whispering down from the ghost - moon .
he found performing two simple actions - bending his neck and spreading apart the slit in his shirt - took more courage than he had needed to enter the house in the first place .
if she had n't been angry with me to at least some degree , she never would have left in the first place , i supposed .
` ` if it was n't for you , i would n't have been there in the first place , '' she said as the first three police cars came screaming down fifty - third street and pulled up in front of the gotham cafe .
half the story existed , full - blown , in his mind , and the rest was rapidly falling into place .
` ` chuckie yoder is right , '' paul said , thinking that it was partly dom 's fault that he 'd gotten himself into this hell in the first place .
nsane love of gags and tricks in the first place ?
and why had he taken the goddam wagon in the first place ?
well , maybe it had , but wilma had n't noticed it if so ; it had never been that bothersome in the first place , not really , and besides , wilma had inaugurated a more productive wrangle with the woman who ran the beauty parlor in castle view .
he found himself wondering for the thousandth time who had sicced them on him in the first place .
` ` win , place , or show ? ''
so keeton opened his wallet and drew out a bill without looking away from gaunt 's face , and of course it was the one with thomas jefferson 's face on it - the kind of bill which had gotten him into all this trouble in the first place .
for that matter , why such a question on a sunday afternoon in the first place ?
what was nettle doing here in the first place ?
she felt partly responsible , since she gave nettle the dog in the first place .
there was something else he did n't know , either - how had nettle gotten that load of rocks over to the jerzyck house in the first place ?
if not , how had the gardener entered to sow the seeds in the first place ?
the real mistake , though , had been coming back to castle rock in the first place .
the two parallel lines with the x between them was clearly the tin bridge , and once you realized that , everything else fell neatly into place .
although he did not know it , it was this characteristic which had kept him from simply running away from the flying corson brothers in the first place .
( it never occurred to frank to ask himself what mad compulsion had caused him to bring the magazines herehere , of all places - in the first place . )
why did n't you say so in the first place ? ''
if you had told him the truth in the first place , girl , he never would have had to .
he was suddenly sure that henry payton had lost control of whatever was happening in castle rock tonight ... if he 'd ever had anything more than an illusion of control in the first place , that was .
the moment the words were out of his mouth , everything seemed to fall into place .
sound as one or two of the toads jostling for place on the floats were knocked off and some hungry trout or salmon '' s breakfast was served .
that was why we 'd made plans to visit my dad at his ranch in the first place .
' in the first place , either the me or his assistant will have to be there .
` ` but if you were a little more happy about it , '' wicked said , ` ` you 'd have better control of the ardeur in the first place .
hell , a lot ) wondering why in the name of god he had called ullman in the first place .
the question recurred : why had he called ullman in the first place ?
` ` if he 'd done as he was told , he never would have gone up to that room in the first place .
she wove her way into the eating , drinking throng and he gazed after her stupidly , wondering how they had happened to be dancing together in the first place .
of course you could say daddy had been foolish to marry such a woman , to have handcuffed himself to that corpse in the first place ... and a disrespectful corpse at that .
if sal was such a big friend , what was he doing there sucking off him in the first place ?
at the end the bolt had given with stupid ease and the leg had clanged to the floor of his cell and he had just looked at it , wondering what in god 's name he had wanted it for in the first place .
by the morning of the twenty - fourth he had been feeling sick , and at last , this evening , hunger and fear for his life had driven him down to town , where he had seen no one at all but the goddam mutie freak who had gotten him into this fix in the first place .
of course if rita had been with him he would n't have been looking up there in the first place , he would have been tcb , taking care of business to the cubistic among you .
in the space of an hour , incredibly , he found himself wishing he had n't found her in the first place , or that she would change her mind about coming with them .
if that was all , we would n't really need her in the first place .
and if she told stu what she had found out , she would succeed only in looking silly and maybe getting him pissed at harold ... and probably at herself as well for being so silly in the first place .
why else were you so set against the idea in the first place ? ''
it occurred to him that they were all living on borrowed time , not because they were on their way to find flagg , necessarily , but because they had survived captain trips in the first place .
he - ' ' what 's he doing here in the first place ? '
but wolf was riding with the moon , and he could no more confine himself to the woods than he could have halted his transformation in the first place .
in fact , he 'd be lucky ever to get there in the first place , considering that he 'd have to make his way across the blasted lands .
i 'll do anything i can to help , but you 'll have to drop this secret police stuff and tell me why you 're here - what in the world led you to me in the first place .
he was dead , dead and publicly buried , he had never really existed in the first place , but that did n't matter ; real or not , he was back just the same .
' i assume that 's where his fingerprints came from in the first place . '
i may have killed her , he thought , simply by deciding to call pangborn and getting this congenital idiot instead of calling the new york police department in the first place .
not the question of whether it was true or false - it was , of course , impossible even to consider it as true - but the one of just why they were even bothering to tell such a story in the first place .
what in the hell did you set up all this equipment for in the first place ?
' she was the one got that clawson boy 's coffee perkin in the first place , ' stark said .
ahead , lying on the oily ground like the twisted remnant of some steel statue no one had ever really wanted to look at in the first place , was a rusty motor - mount .
second thing i thought of was how anybody got it in there in the first place , when there 's a big old kreig padlock on the barn door and i got the only key to it on my ring . '
the sort of fare that had , in fact , landed him here in the first place .
` ` i ' ve never won first place in a martial arts tournament of any kind , peter .
dolph was pissed that they 'd managed to get past everyone in the first place .
all except jim , who had published boxing the compass in the first place .
he saw he was in a van c and now everything fell into place .
' he 's under there , yeah , everybody guessed my tricks and nobody liked them , i hate magic , i wish you 'd never given me that stupid magic set in the first place c ' ' hilly c ' ev came forward , looking distressed as well as worried now .
she did n't know how she knew this , or how she had known to build the gadgets in the first place ... the knowledge seemed to have come shimmering out of the air .
he got out of there fast , furiously reminding himself what he should have remembered in the first place , that there was no fool like an old fool , and he guessed tonight 's work showed him off as just about the biggest fool of all .
i believe david is still alive , and i do n't think it 's your fault that he got lost in the first place .
he wished he had never argued four years ago for expanding their business to include rentals in the first place .
she was pissed at him , quite severely pissed , and pissed at herself , as well -- for letting him get them into this in the first place , and then for coddling him the way she was now .
who had the bright idea of the sharp cereal professor in the first place ?
he was looking at her , surprised , and she loved him for that , because she supposed that was a part of it ; steve kemp had found her attractive and of course that was flattering , that was what had made the flirtation fun in the first place .
it was she who had put him in this situation in the first place .
with that one answered , the answers to the other questions would drop into place .
but jared did what the others should have done in the first place .
forget i mentioned it in the first place .
why you think you 're roamin in the first place ?
they should n't have offered her in the first place .
why would she do that in the first place ?
i wish i 'd never seen the damn thing in the first place . ''
if my car were running i would not be here in the first place , now would i ?
pee , should have got the best job in the first place .
it was the sling seat on the hoist that had loosened the clod of dirt to expose the thing in the first place .
it might be sensible to bin dr . lugesteins printouts or even not enter his numbers in the first place , but the data management manager wo nt let me do that .
before you start on one of your anti - sergei rants , do nt forget that your suggestion to name the project telstar in the first place actually defeated his motion to name it sputnik .
as if i could have been wrong about that rotten jerk in the first place .
as if i 'd never told myself to take it off in the first place .
then , happen it ai n't normal to have had that shutter over the window in the first place .
this interchange occurred before i sent you off in the first place - obviously , since as i record this message , i have yet to send you off !
then the yellow sox surprised everyone except hiram and his neighbor old mr . mcgee by moving into first place .
they also paid a good price for the buzzard players cards although that team was still in last place because hiram had been actively spreading the idea of using these cards as dart board targets , kitsch collectors items , and insulting little bad luck gifts to one another .
it had to be something like that , some kind of intelligent design , because it all fell so neatly into place .
any surviving pcs gain 3,000 xp apiece for their heroic efforts and being foolish enough to go after the dungeon terminator in the first place .
and , what was he doing here in the first place ?
i do nt know if we know why the bowl was stolen in the first place .
i did nt know quite what to say as the idea sounded so ridiculous to me in the first place .
who exactly came up with this idea in the first place ?
who brought this idea to you in the first place ?
the mayor then resorted to disclaiming any part in bringing certain evidence to the authorities in the first place .
i did nt even want to be there in the first place , but now that i was , i also knew i had no intention of allowing the debate to degenerate into one of those all too familiar character assassination events having nothing to do with the real issues .
i tried to explain my side of the story by reminding her of my earlier strong opposition to my forced participation in the debate in the first place .
of course i hope they ll be happy , she continued , but i ca nt help feeling that people like james and clare should have no business falling in love with each other in the first place .
if you could find it in the first place . ''
at the end of his second summer of swimming , he took first place in the twelve and under 100 - meter breaststroke in the all city swim meet .
and morris had been angry with her , angry that shed left in the first place .
how did he ever get a job here in the first place ?
> poor ol mikeal , all he did was prolong the beating by running in the first place but then again he was trying to avoid the brooklyn bombers and at least he did manage that much .
bobby rich who does nt seem like he wanted this interview in the first place , clears his throat , hoping to give her a hint to start the interview .
and damn proud of it too , even though i finished second place , i still got a trophy out of it though .
harvey joined in the cheering and then stopped , everything clicked into place .
what had drawn him to her in the first place , a subtle undulation .
` ` the truth is , i never should have gotten involved with theo in the first place .
after all , it was the reason i d come to cairo in the first place , and i could nt abandon those important plans just to indulge in a delicious royal feast .
if you were nt supposed to stand in one spot and wait for it , they would nt put your luggage on a carousel in the first place , would they ?
three , if you count what you went for in the first place .
its a few hundred cash for first place .
do nt forget , first place is taking home five hundred in cash !
mark motioned for his boys to keep quiet , not sure what the special agent was even doing there in the first place .
i began to realise that maybe the reason he d wanted that section of his heart removed in the first place was not , as i d thought , to prevent it from being broken , but rather so that he did nt have to feel guilty about the peoples hearts he broke .
after all , it was his big idea in the first place .
i moaned , wondering just what caleb saw in me in the first place .
he ran his shift by the clock , as much as you can when dealing with people who did nt want to see you in the first place .
i ca nt keep up the pace of saving the world when i do nt know how were supposed to save it in the first place .
plus , when one is covered head to toe in large bulky armor , its more about getting over the next hill than about which hill was the right hill to cross in the first place .
he weighed the good and bad , the morality of what he was being asked to do , why he was being asked to do it in the first place , and why he did nt ask any more questions before agreeing to do it .
this specific species of long forgotten reptiles were nt so much extinct as they were never supposed to have existed in the first place , except on childrens programming on your local public television station .
deaths were nt that fond of humans in the first place ; they found them uneducated , dirty , philandering misanthropes with no cause in the universe other than to be really annoying when trying to get directions .
he did nt want to be here in the first place ; he did nt like humans , and after spending less than a week walking amongst them he disliked them even more .
why on earth would you be lighting matches in the first place ?
what i d like to know is how you forgot her in the first place , sally !
it was all coming back to herwhy she 'd decided to murder penney richmond in the first place .
` ` why did you come here in the first place , dear , and get yourself in so much trouble ? ''
in one overwhelming moment of understanding , everything fell into place .
hippies , tree huggers and sandal wearers all rushed to his corner as well as the nimbys and other killjoys that did nt want the olympics in london in the first place .
it was what caused the whole being locked out thing in the first place .
pussy - footing about is what s got us here in the first place .
` ` better than that , we 'll indemnify you for falling for the wrong person in the first place .
if i 'd had my way , exmouth would n't have been on the map in the first place . ''
nor did he mind the fact that he had to deliver a speech in the first place .
` ` so why did you want him dead in first place , lord ? ''
saalteinamariva had been barely accepted in first place .
` ` to lose it , you 'd have to have it in the first place , '' a raspy voice said .
what were they doing on the battlefield in the first place , he had no idea .
the general would chide him for that , but first of all the man was n't a professional in first place , and secondly , the damage was already done and now there were other things to take care of .
why hire me in the first place ?
seen as i did n't start it in the first place .
he finds it difficult to stand on the moral high ground given that he himself stole it in the first place but never mind .
'' why did you send me there in the first place ? ''
brad : well , why did n't you just say so in the first place ?
mr . parsons , do you consider yourself sane enough to handle santas case , considering you were crazy enough to take it in the first place ?
the cigarette remained where it landed , causing further damage , as he raced for second place .
you should apologize for bringing us here in the first place , one of the men said sharply .
this was the path i should have taken in the first place .
it was a disaster , probably because the grapes that had been grown and harvested were so poor in the first place .
he had lost it , finn thought , if he ever had it in the first place .
it was you guys , missionary types , who caused this mess in the first place .
you guys were the ones who caused all this bloody mess in the first place with all your interference .
how could she ever have married him in the first place ?
brad had often wondered who it was that had come up with the cover of events and pr in the first place .
they probably set the alarm off in the first place .
he has instructed me to tell you that as it was all your bright idea in the first place , you are the lucky one .
ever since howell put in that box of tricks on the no.5 line , watkins has been claiming the credit for it because mr happy works for him and you may recall that he agreed to it being tried out in the first place .
you know the facts and you supported the installation in the first place . ''
` ` it would take just as long to rewrite the report as it did in the first place .
` ` how come she was doing it in the first place ? ''
how genomes of dna got built up in the first place is a true scientific we do not know !
if only they listened to your plan in the first place , no one would have to die .
therefore concluding why the e - bots ignored them in the first place .
she reacted as if she had nt seen him in the first place .
they played rock - paper - scissors to determine their order , after a five - minute explanation and practice games to learn how to play rock - paper - scissors in the first place .
when the contemporaneous venetians had risked their lives in bravely bagging the bones of st mark from their burial place in alexandria , the galicians had been able to achieve third place in the list of christianitys most pilgrimageable sites by simply telling a tale .
whose idea was it in the first place ?
if you had told me about those people in the first place i would have said i would not sell the land .
do you know why she came here in the first place ?
even though he had become an expert in dealing with the soliloquist rampant , still a sure method of avoiding entanglement in the first place eluded him .
the professor continued , plus there is , of course , the problem of actually getting hold of a copy of my work to find out about them in the first place .
plus it was getting harder to duck the harsh attentions of the other bandits , who were n't all that choosy about female company , ( real girls or not ) they got in the first place .
and no one really knows how the wizard that made this gate did it in the first place .
the inventor suddenly felt very uneasy , and wondered if he had made a horrible mistake in going through it , and even inventing it in the first place .
she wondered why they bothered bringing her all the way out here , wherever here was , in the first place .
you no good vampires are the reason were here in the first place .
some people have a hard time letting go of the past , even when that past stretches hundreds of years and no one remembers what the quarrel was about in the first place .
no disrespect to you nigel , but why are british families here in the first place ?
having flown to zrich to finalise his massive inheritance , a figure with eight zeroes ... before the decimal place .
i started to say that they did nt look like shakespearean actors ( not that i m exactly sure what a shakespearean actor should really look like in the first place ) and instead just shrugged them off .
that always led to the argument she wanted to avoid in the first place .
did nt they know that people like that were like that because they lacked the common sense and intelligence to hear and understand the concepts that were the issues in the first place ?
seora luz took second place , and expected respect from the other members of the household staff much like a grandmother does of her grandchildren .
why had she mentioned harvey in the first place ?
in his opinion haute house should run as smoothly as his office , and the employees should be professionals , that was why they had been hired in the first place .
if he had nt felt sorry for the delivery men in the first place .
you re the one who called him a serial killer in the first place .
it was , after all , his fault that she was on this trip in the first place , and for five interminable days she had not let him forget it .
i d squeeze out of the way and let them find true happiness with each other ; only , in the first place , the thought drives me mad with jealousy , and in the second place , it might provoke a gruesome lovemaking the likes of which the vatican has only rarely seen .
he had nt the heart to correct the mistaken compliment , if in fact it had been a mistake in the first place and so pretended that it had nt been , gazing on her fondly whenever propriety allowed , and bugger me if she did nt start smiling back and displaying herself the way only a young woman could , leaning this way and that , blushing sweetly , flattening her jeans against her thighs , primping , looking demure and sweet yet approachable .
and just what am i supposed to do , chase off into some hell - hole midden in the dodgiest part of rome in search of a girl who by all accounts has got it coming to her in the first place , on the off - chance that i might get to her before all the deviants in the eternal city have their eternal way with her first ?
or , liam hesitated , me and emily are really that gorgeous , and you just got it wrong in the first place .
as a matter of fact , you re not even that interesting , and i do nt think much of that dogs powers of discrimination for choosing you to wee all over in the first place .
giacomo often wondered why they left home to come to rome in the first place , if they were nt prepared to rough it a little .
past the three girls , and vitale was now in second place on the inside of the track , giving him a shorter but steeper run into the first turn .
incidentally , i have always been of the opinion that an individuals dreams should remain the intimate property of the person that dreamt them up in the first place , for i can think of nothing more wearisome than finding oneself in the company of someone who insists on telling me what went on during the night as they flew to venus on a coffee table or whatever else they may have got up to .
the way he feels at this moment in time he may well decide not to decide anything at all , for surely it is fate which brought him to this backwater in the first place and his sense of connection and enlightenment right now convinces arnold matson beyond a shadow of a doubt , that fate will have a say in his , and all of our futures .
i figured soothing and calming would be good , not that i really bought into this color claim in the first place .
daves experience did nt reach to understanding the need to recover from embarrassing situations , as he prided himself on never being in them in the first place , utilising another one of daves dynamic ditties prevention is better than cure .
the fact that she knew his name in the first place was surely a sign of good preparation by food united group pas and a sign of respect for daves seniority and standing in the corporate world .
shed been unenthusiastic about his going to the interview in the first place , being of the opinion that promotions work was not high on the list of respectable occupations .
we were nt a good match in the first place .
so the discussion between ogg and antonia in front of the school both took place and did nt take place .
i told kirk not to bring you here in the first place .
he would nt be in your house if you had nt thrown the damned tomato juice cans at him in the first place !
to tell ya the truth , mr . douglas , i ai nt so sure why i m here in the first place .
i suppose its possible that he did nt mean fer us to tell anyone in the first place , he said .
maybe it was nt the lord in the first place .
maybe that s why the lord put us two together in the first place .
so , why did you allow me and mr . mcdougal to come here in the first place ?
its just as well ; he never did the work in the first place .
were the ones who got paul here in the first place , for the ballet .
tim well , maybe i never wanted to land this sale in the first place .
anyway , if there were no women , none of us would exist in the first place , so of course we would not be here .
pay the place bets .
sir , give me $ 1,000 odds on the eight , take the place bet down and press the four by $ 500 .
the husband saw her fade away and thought it was because she had never been much but otherworldly in the first place .
so , if the archive itself does nt know the documents were in there , in the first place , then what is the harm ?
when your it guy asks you that very question when you know good and well that would most likely have done the trick in the first place .
the same happened for the next thirty - seven places .
lets face it , you were probably punching well above your weight by calling yourself a lord in the first place .
i think she must have realised shed been stupid to send us away in the first place .
i do nt know why i did nt do that in the first place .
but it was nonas , sweet nonas idea to go out there in the first place , i said , grinning .
i was disappointed petunia did nt tell me about the threatening phone call in the first place .
i could nt quite place where i had seen it before , though .
do you know how i got stuck here in the first place ?
maybe that is what life was all about in the first place .
why did n't we think of this in the first place ? ''
of course , i would have preferred to have not had a reason for the meeting in the first place , but since i ca n't change the past , this was a good way for me to move forward .
` ` how did she get in to the backyard in the first place ? ''
` ` and he did have a reason for killing that woman in the first place , right ?
` ` well , i do n't know too many straight guys that would even know to go in there and apply for the job in the first place .
` ` if you would have just done your goddamn job in the first place , we would n't be in this predicament .
besides , how would someone get on the roof in the first place , unless he was ... staff ? ''
it took place on a regional jetan older one .
i m a win , place , and show man .
which of course was the idea in the first place . ''
it also gives us something to laugh about , and feel silly about ; and in our game , young lady , superstitions also give us an excuse to back out of things we 'd rather not mess with in the first place .
she was puzzled as to why she 'd thought the car would be useful in the first place .
- one particularly bad day he rather desperately took a very short woman of high social standing and low morals to a hotel , then backed out with confused mumblings about how he never should have asked her out in the first place .
eyes of a negotiator uninterested with being in that fight in the first place .
if that s true then the terms been hollowed out , or never meant much in the first place .
because , if you get the very top level decisions correct , everything else becomes easy and just all falls into place .
he said it with reluctance , as if i had pressured him into the conversation in the first place , only i had nt .
i should nt have gone out in the first place , but i had to go ; it was that or be alone .
everything else would just fall into place .
the thing harking back to the old greek guy who came up with that horrible idea in the first place , the rotter .
the point is she should nt be foolin around with this guy in the first place .
what d you let him in here for in the first place ?
soothing music would help him think , of ferrous , of the significance of other androids , of where they came from , what ferrous was doing in that cube in the first place , why ... ` ` ... and robots were roaming the streets of paris and rome .
but why did you leave in the first place ?
yet they ve only made them because they d nearly driven us away in the first place .
if that s true , how come we got in this mess in the first place ?
get that right , it seems and everything just ... well ... falls into place .
though i doubt if you would have been so ravenously hungry in the first place !
i do nt know why i ever thought of sharing this with you , in the first bloody place .
* * human society * * why did i decide to volunteer at the humane society in the first place ?
in the first place , cerberus the wiener dog is n't people ; he 's a celebrity .
in the second place , malicious did n't mean to be polite ; he was dissimulating .
he had won second place with that project , to his surprise , but he still had thought the idea was stupid .
i would have got first place for sure !
she wondered if maybe the best way not to be judged would be to not tell the mommyverse , in the first place .
five places only . ''
how do you know there s going to be an aprs or a lamour in the first place ?
` ` but if you threaten to do exactly what people want you to do in the first place , why should they stand in your way by giving you money ? ''
unless , of course , that was your goal in the first place .
they ll be forced to love each other , despite their differences and previous sexual preference , which was probably forced on them by society in the first place .
after all , it is nt you who rocked the boat or set out that absurd policy in the first place , and a little sympathy with this richardson would be a small price to pay for such a reward .
no bad thing that , as it means they have closure on their soap opera , no matter that this meeting only came about because they were wrong in the first place .
he was nt even sure why he did nt tell lily in the first place .
after three months of answering five questions a day , ucupid knew you , accurate to more than two hundred decimal places .
they should nt have had any interest in meeting each other in the first place , and even then they should nt have ever spoken to one another again .
there was nothing to salvage because there was nothing in the first place .
the k-3 crowd had to content themselves with games like hopscotch , which was barely a game in the first place , and the dreaded small swings .
however , the city of stow owned the 4th of july ; the competition was and still is for second place .
the tug - of - war intramural battle was clearly for second place during the dean years .
` ` i want her back , polydoor , even though i never had her in the first place .
i do nt even remember how it got there in the first place .
` ` oh , he s the one who wanted it in the first place .
i ' m very proud that you won first place for your science project , declared eloisa .
the mayor 's symbiotic relationship with the midland sentinel times guaranteed his place in the polls , mainly because donald was the one who reported the results to the sentinel times .
maybe he could run with that concept , avoiding any mention of it was he who planted the trees in the first place .
but for gwynne , a car crash was the very worst example of a traumatic experience , implying , as it did , the fulfilment of a dream owning a car in the first place .
partially because he had n't decided yet whether he was going to tell pancho about the van or just jerk out his glock and kneecap or at least footcap pancho for getting them into this goddamn mess in the first place .
they even received special attention from the port of el paso in texas , where they missed the dope in the first place , and from the ports of san ysidro and otay mesa in california , where they had missed the loaded van a dozen times .
she 's the one who called me in the first place . ''
` ` this weird guy is the one who found this cache in the first place . ''
pablo , who was somewhat deaf and not much fond of gringos in the first place , immediately blamed the tourist from southeast pocatello and starting hollering at him in spanish .
` ` completely off the grid , '' hernando proudly declared to his customers , without bringing up the fact that a roadside fruit stand was n't usually connected to the grid in the first place or that in his fruit stand case solar powered referred to the sun shining down on them all .
scientists are nt usually satisfied to know that something works without knowing how ; that was newtons resistance to publishing his theory of gravity in the first place .
remember all those experts in the motion picture industry that caused goldman to realize that nobody knows anything in the first place ?
as if i had n't even taken it in the first place .
' he was never really alive in the first place .
no , he needed to die as a meteor would if it were alive in the first place : perhaps breaking up in the atmosphere , but eventually reaching the surface if it was big enough in the first place , which he hoped he was , and having the impact kill him .
and perhaps it was worse of a crime to have knowledge and make it useless than to go through life ignorant , never desiring that knowledge in the first place .
otherwise he never would have become one in the first place .
he had to have had it in him in order for it to happen in the first place .
i m missing a party or falling out of place in a race or whatever is happening is nt good .
then the wind kicks in , the ball is gone over the fence and you re in second place on someone elses highlight reel .
chapter90 so you think i ve got it all worked out with the cubs in first place and me finding a way to get with the big club , plus sligo taking himself out of the old ballgame just to wander the streets of wrigleyville with his radio headset on while recording every moment on his scorecard .
like all we have to do is say , cubs win , put up a small white flag with a blue w painted bold in the center and repeat the same often enough so the cubs will be in first place .
as if in demonstration , the customers , whose curiosity had been raised by the man in the window , quickly returned their focus to their plates of unapologetically flavoured fat , unable to remember why they d glanced towards fate in the first place .
if they did nt , there was no charge in the first place , apart from maybe trespassing or destruction of property .
first the prophecy on the tree ; then the andrastes who did nt eat their vegetables ; now plants again paddington felt another piece of the puzzle slip into place .
but i might be able to stop them from going to fight in the first place .
i d lost sight of what had brought me here in the first place .
and they never even changed the price in the first place .
why did he buy a goat in the first place ?
we do nt know where the hell we are in the first place , danielle said , opening the glove box .
yeah , because you re not paying them anything in the first place , said martha .
that s what it was all about in the first place , said paula .
how the hell did this get started in the first place ?
this is all his fault in the first place .
that s the only reason we let you come out here in the first place .
well i m sorry but i did nt realise how it would affect him and had i known , i would nt have brought the bag of chips here in the first place .
i had invited kim and adrian to join my dad and me ; after all , they had expressed a healthy interest in helping because of their sons involvement in the first place .
i do nt think he took one in the first place .
yes , it was a bit rude but i m sure she did nt mean anything by it and it was just a silly wardrobe malfunction , i say and realise why carrie is so upset with mitch mathews because if it was nt for him , i would nt have got the chance to do that in the first place .
i could nt believe i agreed to this in the first place .
why did we leave him in the first place ?
mercy did n't hesitate , we filed the lawsuit in the first place because we were desperate .
in this sense johann - tusk have already begun to win social warfare against the mass of japanese - only japanese and english - only americans , but only because their educational background permitted them to have multiple languages in the first place .
in the first place , you re going to get hypothermia if you do nt get dried off pretty quick .
in the second place , no one is invincible .
so entrenched were they in shared deception that no one dared speak of the truth that each of them felt within : that denying the reality of the symphony of the spheres had caused this darkness of sleeping to occur in the first place .
you could say that my failure to arrive at an overarching purpose for everything lies at the root of my problem with existence in the first place .
( that phrase , by the way , is one of my favorite wonderful names of god , existence in the first place . )
clover knew the judge , a crusading woman for child protection who assumed all men in her court were guilty of something or else they would nt be there in the first place .
only i made it out as fiction because , well , who could believe it in the first place ?
in this year orlowski will have his best world ranking reaching the third place .
from 25 years up to 31 he passes , from the 16th to the 3rd place in the english rank and enters the national team .
he reached the 5th place in the world rank in 1981 .
its from 1951 that four europeans had not arrived in the first four places .
this obviously puts in a difficult position european players and this explains the 1st and 2nd place of the two penhold grip players at the final of the world championships .
bergmann holds his in a way that everyone can see it , whilst vana ( maybe for his second place ) holds it behind his back .
gizi farkas ( hungarian ) beauty and talent paris 1946 gizi farkas , hungarian , three times consecutively world champion and four second places .
the japanese win from 1st to 4th place using sponge rackets .
neither the second place is assigned .
the results come and bring the club at the first place in italy .
he can not quite grasp why he even thought that this was a good idea in the first place .
the work to take it down cost another five grand , and it had cost that to build in the first place .
` ` it was your idea to make her feel cozy in the first place .
shirley wore blue , and brought a blue ribbon representing first place , honoring teachers she had looked up to .
he wonders why he did nt kill the hueda that way and why he killed her in the first place .
robert was irritated that his mother had neglected to tell him any of this but then he realized no one had officially told him anything about maggie alice in the first place , he had learned of her existence by eavesdropping .
we were thinking of having a lottery for where you d place in the race , but but we thought we d have to first have a lottery on whether you d enter or not , lynn interrupted .
but , he said with that wonderful smile of his that always made him feel happy , the best thing is to be careful and not break the window in the first place .
i do n't know what had started her off in the first place , all that nonsense about sighs and tears ; it certainly was n't anything that paco had done or said .
heaven knows why it was set up here in the first place .
i used to have this fantasy ; i d go somewhere to a competition and tie for first place with an older woman .
i should nt have come back here in the first place .
the first place is downtown , in a row house .
scherzo wondered how he was going to cross the river once more ; why , indeed , he had crossed it in the first place .
what had brought him out here in the first place amounted to a sudden bizarre craving , a thing mostly beyond his experience , which he could not explain , but a powerful desire to have freshly cut flowers , an arrangement he 'd felt confident of gleaning , fern leaves and all , from what he now acknowledged to be a separate dimension .
wilson does n't own a car and there are no buses through here and it 'd be too far for him to walk simply to give me a push , so i 'd better not get stuck in the first place or else i ' m in trouble and will you stop panicking ; you 're in control .
free of the fear hanging over him for having brought her in the first place .
the sound had cut him off from the rectory and he had no choice now but to find refuge in the church , where he had been headed in the first place .
but no one wants to remember that if the guy had had any people skills in the first place , he probably would nt have become an engineer .
shipped off to penultimate place .
this heads what got me into trouble in the first place .
he had never found addie , the reason he had come there in the first place , and he suspected he had been very close to her when he was at the bottom of the ditch .
clara was first with ben in second place behind her .
judith would have seen him face - on when she went out to ask what he was doing there in the first place .
that is , if i was allowed to be up there in the first place , which i still did nt know for sure .
it was even worse to be the one who caused her distress in the first place .
we both know why you re here in the first place .
naturally , shawn exercised all the suitable suaveness that enabled him to inveigle one of his students in the first place .
his mom got first place at the lakeshore celebration art show last year .
why do you want to go in the first place ?
then , as if he d pushed aside his indignation and resolved to say what had brought him to that bench in the first place , he broke the silence .
what do you know bout buildin houses in the first place ?
from what you ve told me , its not hard to imagine how she got knocked up in the first place , thomas said .
watching out for each other 's back , as if they were policemen , which they had probably always wanted to be in the first place .
that evening , dad became the town heronot for winning valiantly against great odds , but for luring damien markus to natures bounty in the first place .
did n't you buy these in the first place ?
but you need the - goods ... the stocks ... in the first place ... that what the people want ... at least in principle ... all the time and if not ?
as moneyed shares of the goods in the first place .
first past the post ... the - decisions have already been made ... and not by the people who too stupid , who got us into this in the first place by being greedy , not us , no not us ...
the majestic has the first place but becomes subsumed in the banal until joy stutters and stops in mechanical fits and starts which the carnival suppresses or ignores .
you can calculate pi on your supercomputers to as many decimal places of accuracy as you like but a more accurate measurement will always be conceivable .
apparently , according to the churchs teaching , the wicked or ignorant man who repents in time is treated just like the person who never sinned in the first place .
so , i say , if i am to pray that gods will shall be done and that very will shall be done in any event , what is the point of the religion and the prayer in the first place ?
even if i can accept that the way to a true spiritual comprehension of god is as you intimate , i am still left with the conclusion that when you get there what you perceive is a god not worth apprehending in the first place .
my demeanor helped put her a little bit more at ease but did not stop her from bluntly asking me , what are your intentions in regard to jackie and what the hell are you doing in new orleans in the first place ?
and what is it that puts him to sleep in the first place ?
he is in fact still working up his courage to bring this problem up with his fatherwho was never truly for this marriage in the first place and will most likely sermonize about it .
so , we shall never know whether the clergy , as a rulerather than as a matter of policywere more able than the common man to understand the scriptures , for the large majority of the clergy itself could not read them in the first place .
why on earth did weor the atman , or the brahmangrow ignorant in the first place ?
which is why this all went sour in the first place .
there 's no reason for me to be here in the first place .
i also remember it 's a special day , a day i ' ve been waiting for , a day i hope to put right a wrong that should never have been wrong in the first place .
i wo n't abandon the reason i ' m getting hammered in the first place , to completely embarrass myself for yet a third year in a row by drunk dialing kara on her birthday , but while i warm up i can definitely have a drink with the one and only paige scott .
the irony was if it had n't been for alcohol , we would never have hooked up in the first place .
gains must be made at the expense of others , in order for a civilization to thrive in the first place .
but i do nt even know why were bothering with the silly old courts in the first place .
unable to find it , he wondered where it could have gone and , more importantly , how it had ended up here in the first place .
he also brought with him , by freight train , his own collection of custom cars to be displayed alongside all the other entries in the annual competition , earning him 7 first place trophies and 3 honorable mentions . )
the motor show went off without a hitch , earning the prince an unprecedented 3 first place trophies and special recognition for his unwavering commitment to the future of this sport .
better yet , who decides whether he gets it in the first place ?
well , you never needed them in the first place and would have realized as much had you stopped to consider it before you gulped them down .
you have to assume that a comma slipped out of place here or a preposition was dropped there .
in mathematics , they had calculated the value of pi to within seven decimal places by the year 600 , while in astronomy , one of their most celebrated observations was that of the supernova , or stellar explosion , that took place in the crab nebula in 1054 .
thus , the 19th century proved to be a preeminent time of historical research into the development of christian ideas and institutions , which research not only indicated to many that no particular form of doctrine or church structure could claim to be absolute and final ( most , if not all of it , being hearsay in the first place ) , but it also provided other theologians with new resources for reinterpreting the christian message .
and now i dream : about the northern woods , about the organ music i surely must have dreamed in the first place .
who recommended omniplex in the first place ?
nozam said , if i d have got another five per cent in the language examination , i would have had the same place overall as you .
at the end of the second year , my ranking in the grade improved by two places .
in the first place , would you have guessed , dear rodya , that your sister has been living with me for the last six weeks and we shall not be separated in the future .
nor has either dounia or i breathed a word to him of the great hopes we have of his helping us to pay for your university studies ; we have not spoken of it in the first place , because it will come to pass of itself , later on , and he will no doubt without wasting words offer to do it of himself , ( as though he could refuse dounia that ) the more readily since you may by your own efforts become his right hand in the office , and receive this assistance not as a charity , but as a salary earned by your own work .
in the first place , she appeared to be a girl quite young , and she was walking in the great heat bareheaded and with no parasol or gloves , waving her arms about in an absurd way .
and the brownback wanted to know why pick on shakespeare in the first place , and the cunt ejaculated that shakespeare had been auto - da - fd as the mascot of the human and of humanism to such an obsessive extent that it was indigenous to each new generation to discover humanity in and through shakespeare , and so a lack of consciousness in shakespeare made it fathomable and even sadly preferable to build ones humanity in a sandcastle where consciousness was nothing but the moat .
and naturally his cordination of the simultaneous throws was weak especially since he was far from a notable marksman in the first place and the rocks landed with an unpleasant screech on the cement next to the two intended victims .
she served while he rechecked decimal places .
he wished that he had never agreed to this arranged marriage thing in the first place .
this was mostly stefanies doing , but ill take some of the credit , for having the foresight to choose her in the first place .
and i was nervous at first , but after they told me what miz grace was doing , i just put it in my head that i was in area place , at the playground , and everything just fell in place .
most of them did nt walk home , in the first place , much less run .
a hard line of reasoning to follow , since beauty is a hard thing to gauge without being able to witness something in the first place .
from the moment that aspiria had gained consciousness , it was clear that she had been relegated to second place .
you re sweet , but it was this kind of attitude that got us here in the first place .
matt and aaron spaced themselves out on first - fourth , and andrew was the last one in place in their goal .
neil finally understood how the foxes made it to third place last fall and scored a spot in championships .
his appearance contradicted the essence of the fancy restaurant and it left me perplexed as to how he had gained entrance in the first place .
hell , how do you think we ended up here in the first place ?
look , i do nt see the point of reading poetry in the first place .
as to how it came into his hands in the first place , nobody knows for sure .
i should never have agreed to this shopkeeper gig in the first place .
why was she in poland in the first place ?
after all , he would have never been in this mess in the first place if epimetheus had thought ahead .
` ` it 's why i betrayed cronus in the first place .
often it is exactly wounds within oneself that keeps one separated from the twin soul , and focusing on ` ` getting '' a relationship in the outer sense with the twin soul can prevent one from facing the inner wound that could be the actual cause of the twin soul separation in the first place .
` ` that 's how i got involved with barret in the first place .
because it would have made her no better than the man who had done this to vincent in the first place .
` ` then again , he 's usually always here in the first place .
time stood still or maybe time no longer existed if it had ever existed in the first place .
when you look back , you might be amazed , but going through it well it usually feels like a downright inconvenience and you wonder how you managed to be in such an ill - conceived situation in the first place .
jamie asked , ma how did he get his license in the first place if he could n't read ?
and lastly , who did you think taught you most of that language in the first place - your mother ?
perhaps that 's the way he wanted it in the first place , he did have the thing published after all .
there are many styles , many habits , many reasons for writing in the first place .
in the first place , i wo nt be able to present it to you at court tomorrow with your other gifts .
and in the second place , i m anxious that you might think it to be a ridiculous scheme , at such a time .
or perhaps they re not unanimous on a decision about whether to actually fight or not because king aud mayve already committed a blaring offense against what s sacred by sending them in the first place .
one place the plateaus of the lower mountains , by the quarries .
good god , why did nt you tell us about this in the first place ?
but she had nt known that she was ever englisch in the first place .
he d already crossed a forbidden boundary one he never should have been near in the first place .
if shed been wise , she would never have given herself to samuel in the first place .
that s what you came here for in the first place , is nt it ?
why did you turn to samuel in the first place ?
its impact though increasing all the time is purely local at the level of the planet that spawned the consciousness in the first place .
but that did nt change the fact that she barely made it there in the first place .
but how did he get into trouble in the first place ?
the intent of the session , usually took second place to a battle of egos .
i could have said that it was my fault he d fallen in the first place .
nothing had happened since she came up here by herself and maybe not telling anyone else was what she needed to prove what she really believed in the first place , that sarah was at least behind most of the trick .
i was an idiot to go along with this scheme in the first place , mike replied .
catherine had given her all and more , but she still had finished in third place .
do nt forget the reason he came to stores in the first place .
which got me in this mess in the first place .
that s what got you in this trouble in the first place .
546 more pages to try and clarify what they could nt say properly in the first place - oh and the index bloke is at it again , this time glorifying in a list of 5340 entries .
she knew that stephen and michelle considered her their mother , but it was nice to have real proof of their commitment , especially given how long it had taken to gain their approval in the first place .
i m really flattered and everything , but this was a huge mistake i should never have let it happen in the first place , i know but that s no excuse , i simply ca nt let it continue .
jim seemed pleased with himself for having thought of the idea in the first place .
i silently kicked myself for agreeing to play the game in the first place .
why the hell should nt i act like a juvenile , anyway , she asked the bird , was nt it his juvenile behaviour that got me into this mess in the first place ?
you bumble along and , if you do n't step on too many toes , eventually , things just fall into place .
poker the same thing that got us in this mess in the first place ?
he was not entirely sure why he had chosen that particular day rather than any other to arrive early , but he was well aware of the reason he had arrived early in the first place .
you got lost in the first place .
my mom entered him in a cute baby diaper contest in the mall and he lost to some other baby but there is a giant picture of him in the saggy diaper with a second place sash on his body in our house .
she had held but a second place .
but , in the first place , a cat would n't want to live in a dog house , plus there is n't a tenant anymore if it 's been eaten .
this magpie plundering of french and belgian architecture is how it began in the first place after all .
the gas is the most undiscriminating of weapons and is just as likely to cut down the ranks of either army , despite whoever launched it in the first place .
or how they were able to build them in the first place .
he often remembered his father complaining privately about family gatherings in which he would receive ten bits of competing advice , each building off of or disputing the others , in regards to some matter which he would never have deemed important enough to bring up in conversation in the first place , but which some old blowhard uncle of his had decided would make an interesting topic to spout on about endlessly , in the hopes of showcasing his intellectual superiority over the other elders .
in fact , it seemed to him that in order for this sense of rivalry to exist in the first place , it would be necessary for him to feel insecure or to be in possession of even a moderate lack of confidence in the midst of his brothers and sisters , but this simply was nt the case .
nonetheless , it was likely my wounded pride which had given weight to this melancholy in the first place .
nowin the interests of accurate disclosure , it would probably be best to mention that the property that i had sought to auction off , in the first place , did not actually belong to me .
most importantly , how could he have let this happen in the first place ?
perhaps this is why she had come to see me in the first place .
conceivably this was because it hurt his pride to imagine that there should be others who were in possession of information that might have greatly affected his understanding of the world , but who withheld it until he made an active attempt to seek it out ; of course , this was not some conscious decision that they had made , but it bothered him still ; what troubled him more was the endless possibilities , or perhaps even lack of possibility with respect to what could be done with such information once acquired : it was frightening to think that there would be an endless array of actions or contemplations ( or , worse yet , no conceivable array thereof ) to be yielded from it , it was similarly worrisome to consider the possibility that the information would be misunderstood or not understood at all and that he might have lacked the intelligence to comprehend it in the first place .
something that can not be had , that can not be held , that can not be in the first place .
but then we must contend with the nature of authority and whether or not it is relevant in the first place .
in the case of bhakti , in spite of all this gossip under the surface , to his face , people were as gentile as they ever were , their features agreeable , eyes smiling and nave , which over time , might have contributed to his inability to realize that he was behaving strangely in the first place .
in truth , it was difficult to know whether or not he was being genuine to himself in the first place , for another contributing factor to the oddness of his behavior was his daily consumption of entheogenic strawberries , which fostered in him the wildest of delusions and a worsening psychosis from which he would never recover .
how did it gain control over him in the first place ?
its what attracted michael to me in the first place .
we were friends , no matter what , and maybe if you had stayed with us , you would nt have gotten into trouble in the first place , and you would nt have i stopped .
i can not even think of you being wrong at the first place .
for gods sake , well be on the road for less time than grandma veras family spent completing their journey west in the first place , our nominal reason for choosing this route and destination .
everything seemed to just fall into place .
but the only way to be able to pass through those gates in the first place is to let go of everything that exists on this side of heaven .
she seemed familiar , though i could nt quite place why i knew her .
its an interesting analogy if you believe in him in first place .
god - when you think of how they found aotearoa ( as you called it ) in the first place and survived in what was an inhospitable neck of the woods .
human survival was their business and the frenzy of the season of getting and spending took second place to that .
he did nt even know how the agent had gotten his name in the first place .
the amusing after - thought they had later in the day was wondering how the trespasser go to the hole in the first place .
zebediah and joanna , never having intended to confront the giant in the first place , but only to follow and learn , nonetheless paused at the bear .
your wine won first place .
is nt that why you brought us here in the first place ?
when she checked her e - mail just before she set out for the beach , she discovered that she was the first place winner of an online photography contest , and that a check of one hundred u.s . dollars would be coming her way .
ana did nt know what tuan meant , but she was more curious about why mckenzie had come to visit zoe in the first place .
he could nt imagine why he had left shimla in the first place and even when he had done so , why had it not occurred to him to come back to shimla in so many years .
if there had been one word out of place it would have been fatal .
the jewish girl must have had jealousy in her heart , and she wanted somehow to have the first place in the kings mind .
and once you did , everything would fall into place .
your loyalty is with me tonight , where it belonged in the first place .
and how did they find out about sterling in the first place ?
exposing it to air and sun might help , but that s what got you here in the first place .
if sterling appealed a plea bargain , he could possibly argue that some of the evidence was tainted or that some of his various constitution rights had been denied ; but if that had been the case , why would he have pleaded guilty in the first place ?
there was quite a row , with the parents ( who were to blame for this mess in the first place ) having to drag sterling , who wanted nothing more than to be named stylianos , away .
the graniteers were 4 - 11 and only four games out of first place !
how is it fair that a man has to pretend to be cuban to play baseball in the first place ?
a second point made is that dulles felt overwhelming guilt for having caused the war in the first place .
serves you right for feeding them in the first place .
as though the true gift offered by the young master was nt the music flowing from her violin , but the exceptional spirit that made that music possible in the first place .
why build this thing in the first place ?
jim trailed by a few yards , and the yellow car fell into last place .
meanwhile we ve got a great battle going on for fifth place .
those of you who were with us last season will remember that race took home rookie of the year honors and managed a third place finish in the points .
race was in third place .
the fourth place car was two laps down , kasey continued , and the rest of the pack was even further back .
on the last lap , as race was coming out of turn four , the fourth place car caught up with him .
it took race nine laps to get up to fifth place .
race crossed the finish line in second place .
he barely managed a fourth place finish , and that was only because jim , who d been second , blew his engine .
race gained a couple positions on slower cars then lost one to tom carey , settling into sixth place .
they d moved into eighth and ninth place , but addamsen still had nt passed them .
they finished in seventh and eighth place .
the four cars zigzagged around lapped traffic , and race zeroed in on holly schrader , challenging her for third place .
the second place car , trying to pass the leader , got squirrelly when it hit the trail of water in the high groove .
second place is impressive enough , kasey pointed out .
race clawed his way up to sixth place only to lose the position to denny .
during the next dozen laps , denny picked off the slower cars , working into third place behind schrader and addamsen .
fifth place .
he quit pursuing the fourth place car and put all his effort into keeping his position .
maisy tore into her hair , as if she were punishing herself for ruining the breakfast she did nt even want in the first place .
she should nt have gotten her hopes up in the first place .
in the first place vivian fortified herself against the amusement she heard in his voice .
in the second place , those loyal , dependable allies are nt likely to be interested in sinking their capital into the same kind of projects gaspar adams specializes in .
keep in mind , its distinctiveness is what drew adams attention in the first place .
she had nt wanted this dinner with him in the first place .
for one thing , how had adams learned about the highline in the first place ?
in the first place , i do nt talk about my parents .
in the second place , i am not ashamed of them .
exasperated now , dane asked , what made you buy into that ridiculous idea in the first place ?
in the first place , there s no gold in these limestone hills , and in the second place , you did nt buy the mineral rights .
in the first place , there s no gold in these limestone hills , and in the second place , you did nt buy the mineral rights .
more than half of them have been in surf contests , with three taking first place .
and i m glad they did nt do any better than they did : coming fifth place in the leading six parties .
if we wanted to be alone we would n't have gone to her house in the first place . ''
and why were people so interested in extinct animals in the first place ?
he even considered finding a librarian and letting him or her know in no uncertain terms how inconvenient this whole periodicals section renovation was for him when he really only needed one crummy little magazine and virtually any one would do , and if it was really too much to ask to go to a library in this country and pick up a magazinepretty much any magazine -- on a saturday morning , what was the point in him paying taxes out the salary from his shitty little job , which after all , were used to pay the salary for this librarians cool technical job in the first place ?
but my second thought might have been , this old geezer with his room for fifty bucks is a wrong turn , and if i had bothered to think that , ill be thinking , this guy thought climbing up the inordinately long staircase , i would nt have taken the room in the first place and would nt be hauling these two big bags of groceries up an inordinately long staircase .
in the first place , it was clear that this was her sincere , if bizarre , request and well within my power to grant .
in the second place , she really did make a good lamp , of the novelty variety .
of course , if things were normal , channie never would have antagonized daddy in the first place .
i was puzzled by her look of disapproval because she had nt protested against my being here in the first place .
why had he stopped in the first place ?
i do n't know why i thought it was hers in the first place .
but , no one dared object , because it would have not done any good in the first place and because the results of objection could prove fatal .
how do they come to think of doing it in the first place ?
third place , willamette writers 2001 kay snow award .
inmates were assigned to their specialties - price waterhouse castoff , michael prosser was assigned to record - keeping and spreadsheets ; citibank skimmer , grant burgess , focused on the banking industry ; ibm insider trader , gary donaldson , was assigned to the tech industry along with corporate data thief / pirate , raja singh ; garrett jones , a lilco head man that overcharged customers and then skimmed the overages to finance the purchase of his vacation house , cars , and boats , was the utilities analyst ; the oil and gas specialist , tex walters , had spent years at exxonmobil before the authorities realized that he was understating reserve numbers in order to jack up the price for consumers at the pump and in their homes ; the automobile industry was manned by william heller , an ex - ford executive , but no one ever listened to him and it was cloudy whether he had even committed a crime beyond laziness and stupidity in the first place ; the telecom industry was watched by roger everson , the ceo of a telecom company that had the record for the largest overstatement of earnings detected and prosecuted in u.s . recorded history before brad green ' went yard . '
why do nt we get something to eat and let the rest just fall into place ?
but he was worried that euclid might take back the offer , or forget that he had ever made it in the first place .
jonathan led the way to their right place in the queue .
that was the whole reason she 'd bought the cabin in the first place .
it 's what attracted him so close in the first place .
but why did nt you offer me these in the first place ?
but i still ca nt believe i was shocked when we found out that i never could picture tom in the army in the first place .
shelly inherently questioned the judgment of all single mothers : if they had done things differently in the first place , they would nt be in the jam they were in now .
that wildness was what had attracted me in the first place .
if we do not deal with it quickly we will not be around to ask such questions in the first place .
they d had little connection to my folks , now long gone , in the first place .
if he had nt sent it , she would be embarrassed that she had thought so in the first place .
anyway , milford takes second place to laurel hamilton right now . ''
` ` but why would barrett drag shwayder into the deal in the first place ?
james had nt said anything about a gun , he looked it over and the last piece of the puzzle clicked into place .
last night brought the surprise of bartholomew gatchets escape , which no one knew he had been moved up here in the first place .
in the first place you re here because you were found unconscious in your flat .
sixteen years ago our teams met in the last game of the season tied for first place in the pacific coast conference .
i 'd made a mistake taking the job in the first place , but i had another reason -- lance dawkins .
she had nt wanted to be here in the first place , miles was still off cleaning up the mess at his house , and now she was feeling guilty about a party that had nt been her idea to begin with .
although it was one of those disposable kinds and shed never intended on getting it back in the first place .
her sister , willow , was furious that jill put up with cullen in the first place .
i m not always around and you can grab second place as the resident outdoor cook .
not that he d mounted an elegant argument in the first place .
but this time it would be her , sophia at the helm , and not two men who were really not part of her family in the first place .
berry continued then the only way you could have known about loften was if your client was already involved in the first place howm i doing so far dave ?
since it was our department that cracked the case in the first place your director is allowing my people to work with her and get all the information she has to give us on a video .
mrs . grendandino , in case you have forgotten , the murder of charles loften was the reason we brought you down here in the first place .
i mean this does nt explain how the bloody car got there in the first place , and more importantly where it is now .
why was intelligence not considered in the first place ?
if one did not want to make it difficult we would have to question the purpose of the exercise in the first place .
well if i was to guess , i would hazard that they were from a similar background to that fellow who contracted you in the first place , and then informed you of a change of plan , mr grimes .
that is what beresford wanted in the first place , but it became an obsession when his son - in - law ignored him .
yeah , it would help us a great deal if you told us in the first place .
do nt know why i even bother in the first place .
this was nt the most appropriate place to lust after him , and i was nt at all sure i wanted to in the first place .
i am not doing anything more wrong than the gambling in the first place .
he had old scars above his eyes , along the ridgeline of his cheeks , and across the bridge of his flattened nose : markers prizefighters got for winning second place .
its hard to get more information out of someone when they never had any to give in the first place .
my handwriting would place a poor second place .
i desperately wanted to know what had broken roberts marriage up in the first place , but knew i would not get an unbiased response even if i asked .
here grace regressed a bit , and explained how the two couples had become friendly in the first place .
she may have regretted the rebellious behavior after her mothers death that caused all the trouble in the first place .
she settled back under the covers and tried to figure out why shed shot straight - up in bed in the first place .
' would it not be well in the first place to get rid of this barrymore couple ? '
he had asked me here in the first place .
another thing that puzzled me was why did he kidnap michele in the frst place ?
four hours later everything seemed to be falling into place .
friday we were playing at wauwatosa east who was in third place in the conference with an 8 - 5 record .
greendale was in second place with a 10 - 4 record and had soundly trashed us by 30 points earlier in the year .
chris and a few others gasped as they reacted to the rudeness of the mans question and the obvious reference to one of the reasons the terrorists were here in the first place .
given the teams youth and inexperience , and the stellar competition , it was not surprising that marquette lost in the second round and then lost again in the 5th place consolation game .
they finished the big east schedule 14 - 2 , in second place behind connecticut .
still , second place finish and a # 2 seed was a good way to enter the big east tournament .
why did you get yourself arrested in the first place ?
mills had begun to represent the unscrupulous , the criminal , and in general the element in society that caused the economic downturn in the first place .
after all , she had persuaded him to take the offer from rios capital in the first place .
second place was last place and no one remembers the runner up .
second place was last place and no one remembers the runner up .
five minutes later found me driving through the dark streets and wondering what it was i had gone home for in the first place .
the story of why the ark might have been taken to ethiopia and particularly the lake tana region , in the first place .
the leading scorer of the tournament was dirk nowitzki whose german team beat croatia for fifth place .
is nt third place pretty good for such a small country ?
how in the hell did you get into the fire investigation business in the first place , mom ?
unless- had i called the wrong number in the first place ?
that s how you got the interview in the first place .
they had been celebrating since 4:00 pm when the last twosome had come in and they found out their 14 under score was good for first place and the $ 1,000 purse .
the second place team came in at 11 .
was nt this what caused the problem in the first place ?
the 2nd place finisher would be the first alternate or lucky loser if someone withdrew .
pete was in third place and needed 15 to take 2nd place and 22 in a row to win .
pete was in third place and needed 15 to take 2nd place and 22 in a row to win .
carlos got beat in straight sets , but was not totally displeased with his 2nd place finish .
the question is why were ambre and carlos there in the first place .
you have to do some work in the first place in order to work better .
what made you give him a second look in the first place ?
i could nt stop wondering why she was in that car in the first place and then why she went flying through the windshield .
so why did she go in the first place ?
i mean was nt that what he was sent to jail for in the first place ?
what i do nt understand is what caused the accident in the first place .
but after much deliberation , it is my pleasure to announce the third place winner , justin abbot for his rendition of the fish tug industry .
second place is awarded to miss samara larsen for her black bear family .
last month she had lost first place in the agencys regional championship to bradley .
he had nt wanted to join in the first place , and had no intention of re - enlisting .
somehow he felt guilty for asking that question in the first place , but he knew it was necessary and was relieved by the answer .
we could ve spoken through the window , but its almost like he was running away from perhaps what got oscar in trouble in the first place .
i told him everything jaws had said and actually nailed down how he even knew jaws in the first place .
liam was clueless to his meaning until everything fell into place .
` ` you were mad at me for going to the party in the first place .
there were the predatory males who could nt resist the attraction , even when she had not set out to attract them in the first place .
but it was alan who had caused all this in the first place , and , tobin reckoned , the last thing he would have wanted was to have his name all over the papers .
it was alan who had the enthusiasm to make things happen , regardless of who had the idea in the first place .
i do nt think he could have got it from anywhere else , or he would nt have come all that way north in the first place .
what made her suspicious in the first place ?
why file this suit in the first place ?
but he s more anxious that he made the wrong decision about sarahs presence at this trial in the first place .
and thirdly , burroughs wellcome did n't come up with this drug in the first place .
at any rate , that , in fact , is the only point in getting vaccinated in the first place to produce immunity , or close to it .
i said that having antibodies to a foreign invader would mean that the immune system was working well and that the t - cells had to be doing their job of killing off the pathogen or the antibody would not have been created in the first place .
it was never having been told about them in the first place . ''
i told him about the noises i had heard that had led me to the site in the first place .
the car accident had never set well with us in the first place .
this is how we got into this mess in the first place .
christopher did n't like the implication that the whole village hall project had been his idea , but then he was nt sure how they had all got into this situation in the first place .
' we want to improve the town , ' said christopher , remembering vaguely that had been their reason for nurturing the infant plif in the first place .
' no , i mean i do n't see why they are mutually exclusive in the first place , ' amaryllis interrupted him .
' how did you get in there in the first place ? '
this was the nearest thing to a complete original sentence that he could recall faisal speaking since the family had arrived in his house in the first place .
he said to mrs stevenson , vaguely remembering what fun it had been choosing office - bearers in the first place , speculating on whether being chairman of plif absolved you from paying fines at the library for instance , or got you free bus travel , or free prescriptions , or free anything else .
' so the - ' he peered at the letterhead again , ' - the communities and knowledge department , which i do n't believe really exists at all , incidentally , has been allocated a ridiculous amount of council taxpayers ' money , and there 's this pressure to spend it all on some dodgy project or other , just in case somebody realises they did nt need it in the first place and does nt give them as much to fritter away next time . '
only the crawfords paid her that much , and they had suggested it in the first place .
but who called them in the first place ?
the ethics of these art treasures being in private hands in the first place had nt bothered me until i started to specialise in this area .
how did he come to be so loyal in the first place ?
that was really why i had given into sir bentleys blackmail in the first place .
was it really grimshaws in the first place ?
no , but he never would have been there in the first place if it was nt for me , so its my fault .
this has got to be my penance for not being charitable in the first place , i thought .
and why break in in the first place ?
or if there was a fuckin book in the first place !
yes , i think that s it , i think there re real problems at binder enterprisescaused all of this in the first place .
i never shoulda talked to you in the first place !
it was only a fluke shed caught sight of them together in the first place .
getting involved in the first place had been foolish enough .
i said , ` ` i thought the guy had to be crazy in the first place , and getting worse could explain his erratic behavior , but with belita he was so careful that he would n't be interrupted , and he hid her body so it would never be found . ''
i never wanted to be involved in that in the first place .
had i not got involved with him in the first place , none of this would be happening .
it seemed no more likely gavin could ve left dixie than he should ve had her in the first place .
but this did nt usually cause him many problems as banks not to worry too much about money being paid into an account ; it was more trying to get it out again that had been the issue in the first place .
in fact it only served to irritate the more senior police officer more as it only served to remind him that he did nt really have leads on this case , assuming that there was a case in the first place .
he then added remembering why he was here in the first place .
but then things already had gotten out of hand and he was nt entirely sure how had managed to keep things going for this long , and had never meant to in the first place .
that was something that excited harry about showing people one thing that was in fact something else , and that was part of what had started him on the journey that had led to this point in the first place .
' why did your friend attack him in the first place ?
almost as much as he 'd paid chapeau in the first place .
that was what had landed him in this cycle of blackmail in the first place .
except that i do nt remember ever sitting through a slasher movie in the first place .
were on track , why do you think they called us in the first place ?
and more to the point how they were able to afford to do such a thing in the first place .
he d always had a problem with the chain of command and his superiors especially when they were idiots and had no business being there in the first place .
that s what alerted john in the first place .
just think how much easier it would have been if you d told me that in the first place .
the emergency operator who passed on the call in the first place had been given an obviously false name and address and the call turned out to be from a public call box on the merrimoor estate in witchmoor .
especially since she still had nt figured out how her cheating ring investigation could have led to the elderly woman in the first place .
dammit , long , why did nt you just say that in the first place ?
why did nt you say that in the first place ?
` ` the romans did n't have any concept of place in columns of numbers , '' explained manjy .
even if you believe in reincarnation in the first place , '' he added .
then ux - atl returned to his place on the fourth circle .
` ` in the first place , i have n't sorted out what alicia believes from what chim believed .
in the first place you may be a bit psychic - that feeling could turn out to be something important and , even it does n't , if it makes you feel easier to have that thing ready to wear , well okay .
in the first place i had to forge the rings and talisman from a single casting of ore - and they gave the ore to me .
in the second place , i had to make them at certain configurations of the stars .
to recover the rings requires nothing like the power needed to send them out of time in the first place . ''
or maybe she had never truly been successful at those attempts in the first place .
ask the ones who planned on never telling me the truth in the first place ?
in in the first place , i do nt know what you are talking about .
and in the second place , your compassion is underwhelming me .
honestly , i never believe you were kidnapped in the first place .
why this has happened to him , and to you , and why it ever started in the first place .
who they came to fight in the first place by the way ?
in addition she won first place in her churchs 4th of july celebration for her chocolate cream pie .
his pride in his country had to take second place .
the same can be said about the remains having surfaced in the first place .
she does n't strike me as the sort of woman who likes taking second place to another woman .
that she had been attracted to luthor in the first place ?
even as ashton wondered how in the hell the crime lab had missed it in the first place , he glanced at the waning afternoon light and decided to wait until morning to do another complete sweep of all of the crime scenes .
ardens car had been analyzed from bumper to bumper , with no abnormalities to be found with the exception of what had caused the breakdown in the first place , a split radiator hose .
why was he even here in the first place ?
in fact , it his attempt at maintenance that had screwed up the barn door in the first place .
` ` seems to me if you know enough to look , then you probably were n't lost in the first place .
and at least once a day she felt guilty about shunting her sisters disappearance into second place .
following the sparkle up to the legs , body , and face , i found myself frowning as something slowly clicked into place .
i did n't know if something was coming or someone was going to get what was coming to them , or if i 'd even heard right in the first place .
it was the fact she was mentioning i was wealthy in the first place .
why did karl hire you in the first place ?
i do nt understand you letting me go off in the first place .
why did they take us in the first place ?
since it was illegal for them to have a gun in the first place , they d have kept quiet about it if it disappeared .
somehow or other he must have managed to get his hands on a duplicate key , which left me with another problem : what was a nice old gentleman like goldstein doing with a gun in the first place .
a mistake leaving her or a mistake being with her in the first place ?
when you re about to give up : remember what made you stand up in the first place .
you will begin to question yourself ; was i wrong to have believed in this in the first place ?
the irony ; you just think about what got you here in the first place .
what drove me here in the first place ?
why did i agree to do this in the first place ?
why have i adopted a law career in the first place ?
would he a done that if anybody round here was likely to know him in the first place ?
i should nt have written it in the first place .
besides , how did you get interested in garbage in the first place ?
years ago , doug argued against signing a contract with the city in the first place , saying it gave the city too much power .
by our fifth or sixth place , were improvising together , and elaborating on the story .
look , brian , i m sure you would never do this in the first place , but if you did , you would turn yourself in .
he was the one who gave his father the system in the first place .
because whatever you told her in the first place worked so well on her , he muttered just loudly enough for me to hear .
it has everything to do with the fact that this was nt my secret to tell in the first place .
i simply continued to look at him ( he knows claire ; he should not have needed to ask in the first place ) .
i would nt get ticked off about it if i did nt care what you had to say about it in the first place .
its why we go to all the trouble we do in the first place .
after all , why would they want to make life difficult for the poor woman just trying to make the best of a situation beyond her control that certainly was not her fault in the first place ?
` ` you obviously thought that inspector pritchard was capable of handling things , or you would n't have supported him being hired in the first place , ashley told him .
kobnhavns promises had certainly enticed her into revealing evans secret in the first place .
he particularly emphasized their incompetence for allowing the beast to escape in the first place .
who was in there to grab that statue in the first place ?
this is one of those that should never have been charged in the first place .
melia did n't understand whose helicopter it was , and why they had spotted the hunt in the first place .
there was a silence , then bannim asked , as if to stop mcfergus from starting again , what made you think there was foul play in the death of mr . marley in the first place ?
i see why ya received the first place award in the jefferson county social studies fair .
it might not be made of metal in the first place .
even a healthy person would find moving that much weight tiring , but my suspect was also wounded and not very strong in the first place .
your place was given the highest rating .
first place , there s no room in the care center .
why did nt she say that in the first place ?
did he set it up in the first place ?
' it might have been a better idea to borrow the cook 's car in the first place , ' llewellyn commented dryly .
' even if wilks did lie , it does n't alter the fact that she must have known someone at the hospital to have come here in the first place .
she said she was in love and that dennis should nt have been put in there in the first place .
in 68 , the place was on its last leg .
in three places .
trick is what made me think of you in the first place , mrs . partridge told her .
that little detail was what put me on their trail in the first place .
why had she ever said yes to such a ridiculous invitation in the first place ?
which was worse the fact that she had been lured into this flying rat trap in the first place , or that two evil and insane people were holding her hostage ?
but how did you discover someone had decoded them in the first place ?
i did nt have the nerve to ask about brianna , which was my purpose for going on the date in the first place .
what were you doing talking to her in the first place ?
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ what the hell were you doing back there in the first place ?
why did he give it to barney in the first place ?
why did nt you just say what you were looking for in the first place ?
i guess that 's how i got attracted in the first place .
why , for example , was the painter here in the first place ?
it was just the sort of strange unwritten rule that drives me to remote lakes in the first place .
` ` in the first place , '' i noted , ` ` the view is n't worth much .
in the second place , the pilot got drunk and scared the bejeezus out of me . ''
it was his fucking idea that fucking got us here in the first fucking place .
probably what drove the royal family nuts in the first place .
imagine the loss of trust the company will suffer when it suddenly takes some , but not all , planes out of service shortly after a fatal crash and then puts them back in service , saying there was never anything wrong with them in the first place , which is , after all , the likely outcome ?
is nt that why you got into the business in the first place ?
i do nt know why i m here in the first place .
attempting to explain why i was hiding behind the desk would have been even more awkward than explaining what i was doing in brendas office in the first place .
understanding somewhat that this was a nightmare , i could nt tell what the light was or if it had even happened in the first place .
i had nt really wanted to explore that spooky house in the first place but the others were determined to get inside .
if i had nt done that in the first place , none of that would have happened yesterday .
there was an old sepia tone picture that hung in the public library of a fifteen year - old race winner holding his first place prize : a double - barrel shotgun .
but it was him that had set our plan into motion in the first place .
i did nt want to stay in that house any longer than i had to - hell i did nt want to be there in the first place , let alone with a serial killer .
would our mom even let us grow it long in the first place ?
and , while we 're at it , how did you get into this house in the first place ? ''
and in the second place , while we 're at it , who are you ?
he was unable to think about phillis living in his house without thinking also about his aunt molly , who was the one responsible for phillis being there in the first place .
a few words spoken in an unguarded moment and everything , every part of the puzzle fell into place .
that is why i followed your husband in the first place . ''
` ` how did they arrive here in the first place , hetty ?
` ` or perhaps the passengers never got into the coach in the first place . ''
` ` that still does not answer the question of why you went to the bridge in the first place . ''
` ` i do n't even know why you 're doing this in the first place . ''
irritated , he stifled the urge to glare down his nose , not used to being delegated second place .
i better get back , i insisted as the next record my credence song dropped into place and the fast - paced music blared into the smoky tranquility the slow number had fostered .
what should we do with you lowlife fuckers who have no life to speak of in the first place ?
i looked up into his eyes and wishing a little too late that i did nt want to look all the way up in the first place , because now i could nt get myself to look away as desperate as i wanted to look anywhere else but at those chilling hunger filled pitch black eyes .
for god sake , the nsc would nt have existed without the councils approval in the first place .
how did i end up here in the first place ?
chris thought , that 's exactly what i wanted to do in the first place .
catching mr . scallin on a friday afternoon was a miracle in the first place .
he could have saved us all of this trouble by believing us in the first place .
i did nt need you in the first place .
that 's not bad for something that did n't belong to them in the first place .
in the first place , their timing would have been perfect if you had n't interrupted them .
bet that 's why he wanted to ride her in the first place , 'cause he knew getting her ready would be more work . ''
all they can tell is if the drug is there in the first place .
friendship , family , they all take second place .
( janet turns back ) who made the beds in the first place ?
if presentation and style counted for anything , father nicolai would surely take first place .
then she spoke : in third place , i m happy to award our prize to paulie dantes delicious tiramisu !
and in second place we have father nicolai andropov , whose russian easter cake is a masterful blend of taste and elegance , she said , then paused a moment , a sly grin upon her features .
there is no shame in second place , he told me .
the award that you have been anticipating.this years blue ribbon for first place in the west hartford baking contest goes tosonia godunov , for her russian birds milk cake !
we are proud to present to her the award for first place , and look forward to her returning next year to delight us with new delicacies , she said gushingly .
it suddenly occurred to me to wonder why he possessed a lighter in the first place .
it was jeanine who shamed calvin into coming in the first place .
maggie scurried by , cursing herself for the forgetfulness that had prompted this mission in the first place .
who notified him that there was a body in the first place ?
well , why did you bring her home in the first place ?
on balance the poisoner took some risk in doping the jar in the first place , and he would n't want to amplify the risk by acting prematurely to cover his tracks .
she could feel his pain , the thought of having a child , that someone took away , was difficult in the first place , but now they were asking him to do the impossible , become a father overnight .
` ` you do n't know '' she turned to look at jim ` ` he 'll only tell me how stupid i was for climbing on the silly fence in the first place .
people who feared discovery were so anxious to conceal certain evidence they might as well mark it with red ink in huge letters if it did nt get offered to him in the first place , he wanted to know why immediately .
who s idea was this in the first place ?
as larry walked toward her with a gleam of triumph in his madly blinking eyes , everything fell into place .
i presume the pathologist would not have distinguished one injection site from another in a known diabetic , hence his suspicions of unnatural causes would n't have been aroused in the first place .
in the first place , karl must have either over - estimated the dose required , or under - estimated the fluid content and internal pressure of an orange . ''
sir , if i wanted to resign to get married that s what i would have asked for in the first place .
not only are they worried that snot nose will perform the experiment but they are upset by the fact that they are worried in the first place .
why does a consecrated host generate this subatomic hurricane in the first place ?
` ` it can not be conclusive unless we know who or what is causing the phenomenon in the first place . ''
` ` so , georgina performs the rite , it works , ergo , her ordination is just as valid as mine or yours , '' ` ` which georgina never had any doubt about in the first place .
` ` tossi found about the experiment in the first place from that email you sent me . ''
its even possible howard was the secret informant who led the authorities to investigate rtw holdings , inc . in the first place .
in his heart , he knew the responsibility for opening the gates for these barbarians in the first place , was with him .
next , and equally as important , he learned that if you have a true friend , believe in them or do nt bother to consider them as a friend in the first place .
the boys participation in sports had likewise given joseph cause to get involved to such a great degree in the first place .
trevor said it was what alerted him to the incident in the first place .
if it had a reason to come here in the first place , it has a reason to stay .
that was why we were alerted in the first place , was nt it ?
it was what brought me here in the first place .
was nt that why she had gone to new york in the first place : to better herself ; to provide an improved lifestyle for her nearest and dearest ?
i do nt know what you were doing , running away from sandy in the first place ?
that is if he put it there in the first place , hywel said , and if he is the perpetrator of all this .
these were the ones who most objected to seeing you locked up in the first place .
her gambit with the seal still left gwen gasping , since it was only through her that king cadell could have known gareth had it ; at the same time , convincing cadwaladr that gwen was hywels mistress may have saved gwens life , but it also had drawn his attention to her in the first place .
i did n't want to get involved in the first place .
` ` but if i had n't been so stupid in the first place . ''
not only did he disappear , but you did nt even see him in the first place .
webb smashwords edition part one chapter 1 it had been a long and grueling flight for tom , who despised flying in the first place .
besides , it was his idea in the first place .
what were you going to do in the first place ?
he was tempted , many times , to call minty fresh and ask his advice , but since his last call might have caused the hellhounds to appear in the first place , he resisted the urge .
` ` ever think to ask asher how he happened to know the flying bulletproof bird woman in the first place ? ''
i have n't done anything to be stuck here in the first place .
stupid to kiss her in the first place .
` ` yuh , '' he says , like a man confirming something he was pretty sure of in the first place .
because the yankees kicked the living shit out of us and took over first place .
solve one and the rest would fall into place .
no , wendy nearly gasped because another piece of the puzzle had just fallen into place .
joe was panicked right now , but he had , after all , contacted nash to help in the first place .
moreover , who had been the one to recruit nash in the first place ?
she wondered about the wisdom of calling him in the first place .
cora was out there , no question about it , but that was what had drawn grace to her in the first place .
he had not been in favor of making the threat in the first place .
he had found jimmy in the first place - it would stand to reason that he 'd have someone following him .
she had even been tempted to approach - had n't that been part of the reason she had agreed to pick up clay in the first place ?
it washed away the macho idiocy of ` ` taking the hurt , '' a concept idiotically male in the first place , and reason , calm reason , finally came to her .
grace nodded as something else fell into place .
who came in second place ?
but not enough precautions so as not to get caught in the first place .
` ` how does bjurman come into the story in the first place ?
` ` why did the killer take bradley out of the apartment in the first place ?
it should have never happened in the first place . ''
` ` krutzer , leander , and singer were n't cured , '' he said , ` ` because they never had aids in the first place . ''
del had never been in a competition before he got second place at marvel gym .
they were trying to shift the blame to the victims - you should n't have been there in the first place .
had she not been the one telling me to have fun in the first place ?
i should have asked what the heck he had been doing at vixen 's and how he had found me in the first place .
and if the feds were behind the emails in the first place , why would they warn me that way ?
in the first place , i 'd had enough with the passive ; gentle repose simply was not on the beck agenda anymore .
it 's what caused this mess in the first place .
` ` we 'll be sticking our necks out with that story , and that was the whole point of starting millennium in the first place . ''
who is lisbeth salander , and what does she have to do with millennium in the first place ? ''
and suddenly the puzzle piece fell into place .
they walked the two blocks to win 's place , watched a little television , went to bed .
in the first place , the furniture was too small for her , the desk legs actually teetering on her knees like something a father might experience when visiting his child 's elementary school .
in the second place , she still had not washed up or changed from last night .
he got better with each outing , and the yankees grabbed first place .
what exactly were you doing in that bar in the first place ?
if lucy mayor had been raised right , she would have never run away in the first place .
' she never wanted to go to england in the first place ... and there 's the way he shouts at her sometimes ... ' ' do n't forget the headaches , ' trent said flatly .
why had she married him in the first place ?
but why was she on a nevada newspaper site in the first place ?
` ` in the first place , '' horne said , ` ` these are very old records .
but if that was n't the case- loren was sure of that much- how did the killer get in the car with darrow in the first place ?
what made her suspect foul play in the first place ? ''
and when she thought about it , what had brought on that hissy fit in the first place ?
the dead dogs were causing the deputies some concern.why had they been released in the first place ?
what were those four doing in those woods in the first place ?
i mean , we were sure of that in the first place .
but why would she have said it in the first place ?
there was still the matter of why she had disappeared in the first place .
chapter five win , place , and show < br/ > in the back room of a restaurant in somerville , the jockey dutifully showed up for a postrace secret meeting .
meanwhile , winter 's associates were putting down bets on the long shots , either to win , place , or show or in various high - paying combinations ; in a trifecta , for instance , a winning bettor picked , in sequence , the first three winners .
it was as if they 'd hit a trifecta - win , place , and show .
to the agent , talking about vanessa 's seemed to be the same as talking about the boston bruins , who the night before had beaten the calgary flames , 6 - 3 , to take over first place in their division in the national hockey league .
i did n't know why he started calling me that in the first place , and i did n't care .
it was his fault i was scantily - clad in the first place .
juliana never told anyone what happened because she did n't want people to know she was dating ` ` lower '' in the first place .
` ` you won first place in our art class 's end - of - the - year projects . ''
lo has admitted to me , and only me , that it was his fault the entire feud started in the first place , but he just did n't know how to end it once it began .
while she rummages around , i remember that she should n't be here in the first place .
` ` first place , pure bred , '' daisy agrees , raising her soda before throwing her head back , taking a very large swig .
which is why i asked connor here in the first place .
was n't that why girls came to these places dressed like that in the first place ?
it brought up why he had bought the clubs in the first place , and did n't let him escape in them as easily .
` ` why would she talk to you in the first place ? ''
in fact , the only time it had come up , alexa had just shrugged her little shoulders and told her she had assumed that was why chyna was in milan in the first place .
of course , she knew about the cover spread , but that was what she had been in milan for in the first place .
` ` you should n't have gotten married in the first place ! ''
she had n't wanted to in the first place , but after he had convinced her in atlanta , she had somehow convinced herself that it would n't be that bad .
she had always told herself that she wanted a corporate law job in new york city , which was why she had gone to nyu in the first place .
` ` oh , wait , '' jack said , like something had clicked into place .
suddenly , it all made sense - how elisa got into the party in the first place and why she was so eager to keep coming back to attack ramsey , even when it was clearly a lost cause .
` ` what made you decide to create a resort like hush in the first place ? ''
archer was the one who 'd given me the invite in the first place since he had n't been able to attend .
women out to get me before i got them , always on the defense when i never thought that way in the first place .
i did n't understand why he sent the message in the first place , it seemed quite contradictory to what he had said he wanted .
when i did n't win first place at a music competition , or when i graduated salutatorian instead of valedictorian , or any other time that i did n't excel in something immediately , they made me feel as if i failed them on their mission .
i ' m just going to go back home ; i do n't know why i even came here in the first place .
that 's why they f**king moved to california in the first place .
what kind of person was i to get in this situation in the first place ?
there were so many questions that i did n't know the answers to , questions i should n't have needed to ask in the first place .
i do n't know why you want me here in the first place if i ' m so ungrateful . ''
i ' m not even sure how you get chicks in the first place , but i promise you this , you 're the last person i would take relationship advice from . ''
i stood there , still in shock from narrowly missing death , still in shock from being faced with death in the first place , and now , also in shock watching jude beat another man with such hate he did n't seem to care if he killed him or not .
i sighed , wishing i 'd never applied in the first place .
` ` if i had n't taken the car in the first place . ''
i had a moment of getting choked up , looking at what i was about to lose , but i quickly reminded myself he was n't mine to lose in the first place .
i had reality to get back to and i sure as hell was n't going to ruin my life over one guy who i should n't have let into mine in the first place .
i was about to stop trying to make sense of it in the first place .
confusion because i did n't understand why anton had said them in the first place .
not that i wanted options in the first place .
` ` i was scared of the reasons you 'd kept it from me in the first place .
but why had he kissed her in the first place ?
i should n't have gone out with him in the first place .
how did i get so lucky to find dr . harris in the first place ?
says that maybe if i was n't such a bitch , she would n't have left in the first place . ''
it only leads to a negative place .
the fact that i was limping had triggered the explanation in the first place .
i 'd rather not have to go through all that in the first place .
it was n't like he 'd ever been a good brother in the first place .
i should n't have let him come in the first place .
it 's not that you made the mistake in the first place , but what you do with the result .
that was the first thing that had crossed my mind and the reason i 'd put off asking her in the first place .
it suited him , since he 'd never wanted kids in the first place .
` ` i never wanted to go into the military in the first place .
so many questions that i did n't know the answers to , questions i should n't have needed to ask in the first place .
but was n't that what made art so beautiful in the first place ?
if i would have told my family about it in the first place , ellery would n't be in this position .
` ` one , you did n't want to go out with him in the first place .
three , you did n't want to go out with him in the first place . ''
we should n't have let it happen in the first place . ''
you should have never been there in the first place !
` ` because i should n't have come here in the first place !
` ` good job , '' the others praised him , showering him with accolades as if he 'd suddenly discovered world peace instead of landing in first place in a swim competition .
but i was irritated that now i felt like an a**hole for being so petty as to build a shelter for one in the first place .
after all , leaping onto him and screaming ` ` dean , i want to have your babies '' seemed a little extreme , especially given that he 'd never wanted to be paired with me in the first place .
` ` after all , it 's not like we wanted to be paired together in the first place . ''
the ladies will fight for first place and the right to choose their partners . ''
` ` abby wins first place , '' chip called out in a sour voice .
` ` second place ! ''
` ` as first place , you receive this envelope .
i buried my face in his chest as he carried me across the finish line , moving heavily into last place .
that jerk had just stolen second place from me .
` ` they 're in second place , so it 'd be smart . ''
` ` did you or did you not see that guitar - playing a**hole knock me to the ground and steal second place from me ? ''
` ` and in case they did n't catch it all , i said , the guitar - playing a**hole knocked me to the ground and stole second place . ''
we were here , and we were n't in last place .
we were in second place right now .
we 're in first place ! ''
a moment later , dean and abby trotted up to take second place .
` ` yeah , and i ' m a nice girl who had to shovel raw whale blubber into her mouth so we could get first place !
` ` so which one of us is in last place , then ?
` ` whichever one is tipped with black means that they will be black team ... and last place .
` ` you ' ve got to move up two places in the next round or else you 'll get eliminated . ''
i 'd gone from being genuinely excited about being in first place and thinking we had a shot at the money to feeling abandoned .
we 'd known we were in last place and nothing had happened to change that .
we bounded past the finish and waited for chip to announce our place .
all the racers were exhausted from the constant flight - hopping and then heading straight to the challenges , not to mention the constant nerves when you thought you were in last place .
still , i did n't know if i could deliberately push ahead of brodie , not when i 'd be just as happy with the last place check .
that meant we had a decent lead on the others , though we were pretty sure we were n't in first place .
liam and i arrived in third place , and we were promptly handed our next clue .
we 'd lucked into first place somehow - our stop at the travel agency had put us on a flight ahead of the others .
unless joel / derron and hal / stefan showed up ahead of the others , they had to be in last place .
if we can pass you guys , we get first place . ''
i had no idea if liam was a good diver , but i wanted first place .
they 'd zoomed on past while we 'd waited at the gas station , and i 'd felt first place slip away .
and i found i could n't be all that concerned about last place , either .
` ` you and liam have been hovering around first place for several legs now .
if i do n't give you the ace , i 'll end up in last place because i 'll have to go up again .
we were still firmly in last place , and the other teams would have at least an hour jump on us thanks to the flights .
` ` he was in last place and he was in trouble , '' i explained .
you 'll still get the same amount for second place as you would for last . ''
second place got the same money as last place .
second place got the same money as last place .
` ` no shame in second place . ''
he 'd hate that he came into second place .
but my guess was that he 'd also be just fine with last place .
sure enough , when we skated back out at the end of the show , ty and i were in last place .
emma and louie earl were in first , annamarie and serge were in second , and victoria kiss and her partner toby had slid into third place , a full seven points ahead of us .
heck , i was surprised we were flying into charlotte in the first place , but that was the ticket that they 'd sent me .
and since we currently have two extra contestants , those who come in last place this week will sleep on the couches . ''
i meant i played while thinking of my dick , and i came in second place .
` ` so i have to make sure we do n't end up in last place and also make sure that one of those three world racers does n't end up in last because they 'll pick us by default ? ''
when all scores were tallied , jendan and marla were in first place .
we 'd come in second to last place , beating the last place team by one measly point .
we 'd come in second to last place , beating the last place team by one measly point .
by the time i retrieved my blow up doll ' girlfriend , ' i was in close to last place .
that might have worked if i had n't put the whole series of events into motion in the first place .
not that there was a ribbon for first place when it came to the filth i dealt with , but he would have captured the gold medal in male douchery if i could hand out one .
men who kept it in their pants in the first place did n't need explanations .
first place if i had n't beaten you to it ? ''
` ` are you one of those people who always take first place or one of those who always thinks they deserve it even when they do n't ? ''
not that such a case would ever wind up in court in the first place .
that 's what had sent their wives in search of us in the first place .
` ` the order i gave him was to make sure you never made it up to that room in the first place .
if she 's afraid in the first place , maybe she 's not submissive , connor . ''
i ' m here to tell her it should have never been a f**king solution in the first place .
` ` you should n't have been fighting in the first place , '' he told me with his best lecturing tone .
the hardest thing is keeping up your spirit and remembering why you chose this in the first place . ''
i 'd forgotten why i was upset in the first place .
but then what the hell was he doing here in the first place ?
the girls all took a break from their chores to help me fold the first four loads , and if speed folding was a competitive sport , each one would have a first place ribbon .
why would you want me here in the first place ? ''
i was n't sure how he 'd gotten there in the first place .
` ` rowen , you 're so damn lost you ' ve forgotten how you got there in the first place .
so what was the point of searching for the answers in the first place ?
the whole reason i 'd sucked it up and gone to willow springs in the first place .
` ` what were you doing out here on your own in the first place ?
` ` and ... and ... how did you get here in the first place ? ''
` ` i probably would be , but that would require wearing underwear in the first place .
i do n't know if i 'd ever been on the bull in the first place when it came to life , but again , it did n't matter .
i had n't bothered to ask shaw if she wanted me to grab her anything because she was still being all uppity about having to stop in the first place .
` ` we need to learn how not to break it in the first place . ''
it sucks , love sucks and i feel like if you were here none of this would have ever happened in the first place so you suck too . ''
i was going to freak out , and have a hissy fit because i could n't start to fix things if i could n't get my hands on asa in the first place .
if you ca n't see that , then you did n't deserve her in the first place .
why the hell did i even write anything to sydney in the first place ?
it feels as though i ' m asking permission to break through an invisible barrier that should n't even be here in the first place .
` ` he was n't looking for you in the first place .
it was her fault in the first place that i was needing a shower .
usually that was n't something i 'd want anyone to know because it meant admitting it out loud , and if i admitted it out loud and then lost that person , then i could n't pretend i 'd never felt so much for them in the first place .
my heart started to thump as the day 's events began to fall into place , like pieces of a puzzle .
` ` i do n't know why you do n't just talk to me in the first place .
` ` why did he get so f**ked up in the first place ? ''
` ` if your case is as droll as your face , then good luck getting to third place . ''
i could sit here and think not about the way she tasted like cotton candy and vanilla and lust , but instead about his eyes , hard and black if i came home with anything less than third place .
i felt horrible having to do this in the first place , and she was being so nice .
he was n't your dog in the first place , right ?
that was what drew me to the song in the first place .
she 's the one that caused this issue in the first place by punching brie in the face . ''
i knew i was losing track of why i 'd come out there in the first place and i did n't want anything to happen until i 'd told her what i needed to tell her .
` ` the reason i found out about it in the first place was because this hot girl was failing chem .
` ` oh come on , is n't that why you let them push you down in the first place ?
` ` then you 'll have to remind me of the many things that made me fall in love with you in the first place .
but how do you make up for something , when the other person does n't know about the mistake in the first place ?
i did n't think she 'd agree to it in the first place ; i do n't know if she 'll even show up .
second place is just first loser .
i do n't know how you got this bullshit about being a nobody in your head in first place , but i ' m tempted to hire a plane with a banner saying how special you are . ''
and she should n't have shot up the damn her**n in the first place .
remind me again who introduced her to miss black in the first place ? ''
uncle jim had been insistent that he did n't want my help , but i could tell that 's why he called me in the first place .
when she did n't see him , did n't talk to him , it was much easier to pretend that he did n't exist and that she 'd never turned on him in the first place .
it only made me feel a bit resigned that we 'd even gotten in that position in the first place .
` ` he 's what got us into this in the first place . ''
once i found out the lengths you 'd go to save your gus , it all ... fell into place .
damn , maybe i should n't have ever talked to him in the first place ; definitely should n't have let him sit next to me because now i ' m sort of used to him .
i have to because i need this time alone , away from everything back home which brought me here in the first place .
` ` well , guilt is a bitch , but do n't you think if you 're thinking it in the first place that it just might be true ? ''
sure , i could refuse anything he told me ; he assured me of that before we left wyoming , but not having to go through all that in the first place is all i wanted .
his secretary was the reason i was in this mess in the first place .
` ` well , i never really understood why you believed that she was pregnant in the first place .
` ` what i do n't know how to explain is why you 'd write something so animalistic in the first place .
that 's why it happened in the first place !
wanting to fight off painful thoughts , that i should n't be having in the first place , i made denny continue on his original train of thought .
he was never second place , i was just scared .
of kellan being second place , which i repeatedly told him he was not .
the brunette bitch to the right of me , that had made me start this little fiasco in the first place , giggled and gave me five drinks ... just because .
i 'd just like to meet the judges , and tell them that they 're full of shit with that third place f**king nonsense .
his age drew me to him in the first place ; now it was being my teacher that gave me a wild , terrified thrill every time we touched , infusing me with adrenaline , making my skin prickle .
she 's a serious shopper , and if they had a competition , i ' m sure she would come in first place . ''
i 'd come in second place as the senior class sweetheart .
second place sweethearts did n't sass back to nak*d , hot strangers while they were nak*d themselves .
if there was a contest for contempt , cole would have just snagged the first place trophy .
` ` the screwing or almost - screwing of locals is what made me ' pissy ' in the first place , '' he said , flicking a quick glance my way .
` ` in order to feel jealousy over someone , you have to actually care in the first place . ''
` ` at least then you do n't have to keep faking that you cared enough to either give or take crepes in the first place . ''
dani 's place was the second runner up , and the swimming hole was the third .
it was just terrible timing that got him into my house in the first place . ''
ralph told us that ninety percent of self - defense involves reducing the risk of attack in the first place .
we stop to collect our place cards first .
a distant memory flooded my brain , probably what brought on the nightmare in the first place .
you 're the one who made me have a type in the first place .
that was the danger when eavesdropping in the first place .
i do not know where he got that rifle in the first place .
i do n't seem to recall anyone inviting you here in the first place . ''
` ` i should n't have kissed you in the first place . ''
why not just send us there in the first place ? ''
it 's your fault i ran by in the first place . ''
i should n't have brought her up here in the first place .
no one would expect you to be there in the first place , so this might blow over . ''
kane added , ` ` i 'll see if i can find out how she got pictures of nick and rena in the first place .
it was lies like these that enticed people to buy the garbage in the first place .
i was so embarrassed that i had even climbed on his lap in the first place .
` ` why in the world would you even hold the elevator for her in the first place ? ''
` ` you 're the one who wanted to have lunch with me in the first place . ''
she was the reason frederick was rich in the first place .
but he 'd lost track of whatever the characters were up in arms about , and he did n't really care in the first place .
and even if i had asked her brother , i doubt he would have helped because i 'd never told him in the first place i was in love with his sister .
yet , that 's why i started this contest in the first place , right ?
and what in the world was she doing in his hotel in the first place ?
all the pieces of his puzzle finally fell into place .
i had n't wanted to go out on a blind date with trevor in the first place , but now i was hanging out at his house , wearing his clothes , even meeting his wife over a casual breakfast .
` ` the idea is to avoid the brawl in the first place .
he barely had it in him to ask me to marry him in the first place . ''
` ` you assume i know in the first place . ''
she should never have walked in there in the first place , but she did .
` ` yeah , you can do that but you 're not going to and i know this because you came in the first place .
i 'd even thanked him for a dinner i did n't want to eat in the first damned place .
blood came second place but only if the biker was the kind of man where his old lady or kid meant somethin ' to him .
it 'd been four days since i tackled naomi and the scrapes were n't that bad in the first place .
he chuckled and his fingers curled deeper into my neck before he said , ` ` you 're gon na be all right , mara , and they 're gon na be all right which is why you 're doin ' this in the first place .
it could be the russian mob did n't concern him and he was looking forward and planning recovery where his life would be free of these ties , even if he was n't the one who made them in the first place .
` ` what i ' m sayin ' is , funds put aside to contract with me were not enough in the first place .
` ` listen , duchess , it 's cold , it 's snowing , we 're both standin ' outside like idiots arguing over what you wanted in the first place .
i watched them go then , in an effort not to think about what happened in the cherokee ( my habit of late , not thinking when i knew it would be far healthier , not to mention the whole bloody reason i took this adventure in the first place , to sort myself out ) , i walked to the floor to cathedral ceiling windows and looked at the view .
you 're sayin ' you sit , you wait , you let life slide by while you decide to make the decision you were gon na make in the first damned place and hope to god some shit does n't happen , like you get in a car accident , lose your legs or worse , your f**kin ' life . ''
he 'd had a long day working a job he was n't supposed to be working in the first place .
so , they aborted but i say aborted in quotes because they were n't gon na do it in the first place but at least they did n't get their asses in hot water and under suspicion because they did n't . ''
` ` zara- '' ` ` and something else i lost , not that i had much of it in the first place , was any minute amount of respect i still had for you .
getting zander was ham 's idea in the first place and , by the way , what was that all about ?
i mean , why do we have to do it in the first place ? ''
if she 'd ignored them in the first place maybe she would have been happier a lot earlier .
this was all for harry , and she needed to keep reminding herself why she was here in the first place .
wayne was the reason for her leaving the house in the first place .
why did you think this was going to work in the first place ?
she could n't believe after all this time she was begging to be second place .
as far as james was concerned the only reason prudence was taken in the first place was because of dane and his stupid transaction for another woman .
you were the one who brought me here in the first place .
` ` michael should n't have done anything with you in the first place , '' james said .
i do n't go anywhere in the first place . ''
daren knew he should have done this job in the first place .
the previous man forgotten if he 'd even had a chance in the first place .
two places were set .
anything less than the best was considered second place .
if you had n't put him in that position in the first place , we might have known about the savage brothers .
` ` you were strong in the first place , whizz . ''
you ' ve never wanted me to be with jennifer in the first place .
starting with showing up at the trailer in the first place .
he should have never discussed his personal life with him in the first place .
so she 'd taken the easy route , made the easy choice , the one that meant everything would fall neatly into place .
` ` my hours are crazy lately , which is exactly how i got lily into this mess in the first place .
quietly , as he watched her run her talented hands over an ancient statue at his favorite wholesale landscape store , another puzzle piece slipped into place .
or dared to feel them in the first place ?
her crazy schedule was definitely starting to show in her appearance , and she 'd never exactly been a looker in the first place .
` ` it says i won first place , book of the year for an unpublished manuscript . ''
` ` let 's hear about why you lied in the first place .
but in that moment , irrationally , it felt like just another in a long list of failures that proved i never should have come here in the first place .
if you ca n't avoid that , you ' ve got no business being around other human beings in the first place .
i did n't know why he 'd been so worked up in the first place - maybe his pre - party state stood him up , or something .
i did n't even have time to place the order in the first place . ''
every other man i ' ve been with had enough trouble getting me there in the first place ; orgasm denial was never in their lexicon .
do n't ask me why the fuck the legend of sleepy hollow was in a college curriculum in the first place , but thank god for small mercies .
` ` why were you in diva 's in the first place ? ''
but i should n't have had to , in the first place . ''
he 'd never been a heavy drinker in the first place , and he 'd buried his anger in booze last night after johanna had refused him .
her eyes widened , and she lurched to her feet as the pieces slipped into place .
` ` a guy like that falling for me in the first place was so out of the realm of possibility .
` ` i had to try and figure out why you 'd lie about it in the first place .
or why her word was law in the first place .
how could he side with her , or even give someone that evil power in the first place ?
but my best friend was a million miles away in the states - and she had barely digested the fact that jacob and i were a couple in the first place .
i see the man who chose me over rachel laraby and made me feel like there was no contest in the first place .
i was mad at you for tempting me in the first place . ''
` ` how can i break off something that was n't in existence in the first place ? ''
but then , if sam had n't gotten involved , he would n't know how he landed them in this mess in the first place .
if he could get shannon on his side , the rest would fall into place .
who eats them in the first place .
maybe he should ' ve done that in the first place .
i 'll put up the entry fee , and if you win or place , we split the cash fifty - fifty .
talking to liz had reminded her of the reason she 'd come here in the first place .
granted , the nonstupid course of action would ' ve been to not come here in the first place , but he 'd already made his damn bed , and now he had to lie in it .
` ` you were a kid yourself and you should n't have been alone with adam in the first place !
he 's the one who asked you to come here in the first place , and i just spoke to him and he said he does n't mind if you stay . ''
forget feeling better - you have absolutely no reason to be upset in the first place .
mia did n't know what had inspired the phone call in the first place , and she was n't sure she wanted to .
` ` no , because of the reason i slugged her in the first place .
actually , i 'd probably not know him in the first place because i would n't have hired him for sexual services .
at the moment , i think i would rather hold hands with the devil himself , considering how it is sara 's fault that i am in this predicament in the first place .
` ` it 's because of me that alli got out there in the first place .
lucien had made her realise that she could n't fix her marriage on her own , because she was n't the one who 'd broken it in the first place .
he put his foot down as he hit the open road , disgusted with himself for even being there in the first place .
he should n't have been cheating on his wife in the first place .
here they were again : all three single , all three recently disappointed in relationships they probably knew would n't work in the first place , and now they could all wallow in self - pity .
i d earned a last minute small scholarship for coming in second place in state for a feature story i had written about a kid who got expelled from st . charles high school in 1971 for having his hair too long .
since he did nt want to see her again , there was also no point in telling him that she was moving in the first place .
in first place , my recognition goes to the writer becca fitzpatrick , because it was the reading of her series that gave me the final push to start writing in the literary genre that attracts me the most .
in the first place , she had fallen into the river , so she was nt in a very good - mood .
as that data was outside her range of interest , she relegated them to second place .
maybe that 's why the guy who 's doing that freakin ' light show chose zozo in the first place .
` ` sure , he said interceptor smelled trouble , but would n't they have needed to be at terra 's home in the first place in order for the beast to smell at all ?
` ` why did you search for him in the first place ?
` ` the last thing i need is a bachelor brother who never really wanted to be a bachelor in the first place , '' sabin shot back .
now , why did you take this job in the first place , if it was nt something that you desired to do ?
they could have just said so in the first place .
if you had nt been such a hard - headed jealous ass in the first place , none of this would have happened .
the whole point of going in the first place was for you to show me off .
i did nt want to bring you here in the first place .
` ` whatever you say , krista , if they let us in in the first place . ''
i forgot why i was so mad and hurting in the first place .
they were probably more confused about why nell included amber in the first place than they are about why she is nt part of things now .
you can only be hurt deeply if you cared deeply in the first place .
in all of his investigations , he had never blown his cover , and he certainly did not want to start now , especially given the fact that his candidacy had been a long shot for the case in the first place .
for one thing , if lisa were n't such a dingbat , she would n't be working at bostoff in the first place .
she was on a math team and participated in every science fair imaginable , with her projects nearly always snagging first place .
of course he s the one who has to find the clients in the first place but he quite enjoys that part of it as well .
then surely that would only mean that he had never intended to leave his wife in the first place .
ok love , as it was you who made it in the first place you can ave it for four .
they say that the town hall had no right letting us build there in the first place .
ian , this was your idea in the first place .
then she reminded herself that it was an illusion , a good father would probably not have left his children in the first place and certainly would not have waited thirteen years before getting in touch .
she did express some surprise when she heard that barbara was pregnant but put it down to harrys doctor making a poor diagnosis in the first place .
of course it was all a lie : if it were up to me i d never been engaged to stanley in the first place .
if only she knew she was going to be kidnapped , then she would nt have asked in the first place .
it 's my own fault for being so impulsiveand for ignoring dad 's wishes in the first place .
it was n't fair of me to ask that in the first place .
is nt that why you came out here in the first place ?
gracie thought about the haven laquita had created for herself and ben , a soothing adult oasis of calm and quiet , and another piece of the puzzle fell into place .
she tugged against his hold as the pieces fell into place .
as far as i m aware , the whole reason summer hates me in the first place is because of the flirty relationship i ve had with bryson since the beginning of the year .
i wondered what had caused it in the first place , or if it was all in my head .
then why- she started , quickly pressing together lips that tasted like salt before she could finish the humiliating query that was probably none of her business in the first place .
now the question is how did it end up in your backyard in the first place ?
maybe that s how belial was able to find me in the first place .
hell , that was how he d ended up accompanying me in the first place .
was nt my idea in the first place .
it was then everything finally fell into place .
i think the most important thing is to remember why people eat chocolate in the first place .
that s why i married her in the first place .
she looked familiar , but eli could nt quite place where he might have seen her .
aspen will always have first place in my heart .
as soon as he did , everything fell into place .
why do we need a perimeter spell in the first place ?
how did she get it in the first place ?
it will be ever so disgraceful and you do not give a fig about me in the first place .
michael partially opened one eye , closed it again , and mumbled , you can not forget something you never acquired knowledge of in the first place now can you ?
` ` in the first place , '' jenni said , annoyed , ` ` you do n't know he 's not quoting another poem . ''
` ` and in the second place ? ''
` ` not because i could stand him any longer , but because it might say that i had n't been all that stupid in the first place .
it took all her nerve to come in the first place , and shed already gotten her nails done , so she opted for the nurse practitioner instead .
shed already resolved to forget about him and did nt know what shed been thinking in the first place .
admittedly , i do nt have much to move in the first place , and since i m almost never home to begin withuntil recentlyim not really attached to anything in particular .
if he d been any kind of a man , he would nt have been a gambler in the first place .
in fact , this is where i came across a number of them in the first place .
all he could do was lie there and dwell on a relationship that was never strong in the first place , but had slowly disintegrated and now lay in tatters .
he already had in place several sportswear deals , but this could be the biggest by some way .
he was finding it intriguing : the fact that they were playing in the first place ; and the way lewis was tackling the points .
i assume he knows enough about you to realise the implications of your appearance in the first place .
he was the favourite now to reach the final , but serge livyenko would not roll over and hand him his place on a plate .
i should have said something when it all started then there would never have been a problem in the first place .
exclaimed lewis , his mind doing summersaults in delight as another piece of the fantasy fell into place .
but i was absolutely not getting into the car covered with dirt that should nt exist in the first place .
it had nt escaped him that if it were nt for othello , he would probably never have had the opportunity to speak to her in the first place which brought him back to the note .
she said , what was he doing up here in the first place ?
i thought of how i would n't fall in love in the first place , i thought of how i 'd never take that risk .
it was her choice to drink in the first place .
he did n't want to pester her in the first place , but the truth was , peter did n't know why he 'd come over this afternoon .
she was the one who had inspired him to go and revise the wheel in the first place .
she considered calling for backup for about a second , but knew that if she did it would invite all sorts of questions about how kyle came to know who to go after in the first place .
immediately , her body began to tremble with fear as everything began to fall into place .
playing dumb was easy for a blond girlno one thought they had a brain in the first place .
he did nt even know why he was troubled in the first place !
he must have forgotten it was her secret in the first place .
although , why was he sitting there in the first place ?
` ` nodratwhom shall i ... . no , i was right in the first place : who shall i say is calling , madame ?
nice seeing you again , mister she paused , trying to remember his name and then realizing she does nt know it in the first place , oh , never mind .
yeah , like what led dreyden to daphne in the first place ?
he was beyond frustrated with her , and hated how she jumped from one thing to the next , without finishing what she was telling in the first place .
` ` leonard was a weak individual , or he would n't have been compromised in the first place .
you make it sound so simple , marcus laughed , people have been searching for it ever since it vanished in the first place .
as hoped , my compliment pleased him and he smiled as brightly as a contestant who d won first place .
in the first place , it would be a little difficult to control two grown men who possessed their own thoughts and ideas .
this was the time rinisha and sherry was happy as there love was taking the final place but what rinisha said make sherry to concern with something serious that mr.cool who tooks everything for granted and had never seen how and what is responsibility is thinking is that the girls life i am taking with me and why that girl love me so much that she is there to broke her all dreams for me , is it so did this happen really or just hope i am not playing with her happiness and the dream of her live did she really love me so much and how i got this kind of love what are the feelings which may have realized that getting love is so important for her that she forgot her dream .
it was that damn hyenas fault he and his brother were at odds in the first place .
it did nt get too far before i escaped , but the fact it happened in the first place ?
she cringed inside , wishing she 'd been smart enough not to let this happen in the first place , hating herself for not holding onto her resolve .
gage stood there with that look , the big - eyed , near - pleading look that 'd made her hire him in the first place .
max tried to imagine how he might feel knowing that he would die on that ship , when he d never meant to travel on her in the first place .
lizzie glanced at his closed face , wondering what he was thinking and why he had started this strange discussion in the first place .
and its not like i was really here that long in the first place .
footsteps moved upstairs but he figured most of the kids had either gone home for the night or had never come in the first place .
he felt bad because you even had to talk about it in the first place .
it was hard enough explaining it all to riley in the first place .
that s the first place .
or more likely , he had never been there in the first place .
in the history of spine - tingling rides , this one took first place .
but all of that took second place behind the cowboy in front of her .
shed never told him the rules in the first place .
the possibility of her own photography work not truly earning her a fair place in this contest was too much to bare .
she should have waited at the land rover and if she had listened to her mother , she would nt even be here in the first place .
she paused , her mind reeling with questions , and she heard the little click in her brain as pieces fell suddenly into place .
he sighed heavily for letting her physical attributes sway him in the first place .
he was even more amazed at himself for bringing her back to his apartment in the first place and then feeling anxious when she fled like the fires of hell were on her heels .
sure they d realized they were caught easily enough , but they d seemed utterly surprised to get caught in the first place .
it was ridiculous to believe she had any chance of winning a place in this competition .
first place goes to competitor number eight , said the compere , after he had announced number nineteen had placed third .
number thirty - two looked disappointed to have only managed second place .
that is , if the spell worked in the first place .
three places !
i did nt understand why adara and dan had got together in the first place .
the glittery fairy petals delicately painted around her eyes proved she had no intention of wearing it in the first place .
~~~ mad waiting the first place went to this guy who adopted a girl who had been burned when a crack lab blew up ( not his ) , and second was a dad who made lunches for homeless kids , and dressed up as santa .
third place was a dad who had adopted his dead sister 's kids even though he had five of his own .
i feel isolated from mike , like i take last place .
in fact , you probably would nt have even been there in the first place .
i ve never had a boyfriend to treat me badly in the first place , so i ve never experienced it myself .
this is exactly how i got my hair turned anna nicole blond in the first place .
everything starts to fall into place .
if i had never recalled the happenings with the riverboat pilot , i could have been more liberated from the episode than taken captive by itin a conscious senseand so for me to remember it suddenly so clearly , as i did in my meeting with lexanna at the concourse vexum hall , indicates that i should be thankful despite my misgivings for ever having allowed myself to fall into such a terrible predicament in the first place .
why did he divorce her in the first place ?
the reason why she must have married him in the first place , however , eluded her still .
in fact , sera had wondered if it was peter who had sent that money to her in the first place .
perhaps that was why he had taken an interest in the first place .
in reading , i wondered why medusa would be asleep when attackers were near and why she was cursed in the first place .
she was nt entirely sure how they d managed to get into hospital in the first place with all of the guards .
even stranger was the fact that raven wondered if muriel blamed her for the fact that shed been vaccinated in the first place .
i was an idiot for doubting you in the first place .
it was what convinced him of the time travel in the first place .
neil had a good idea how robin had come by it in the first place .
in the second place , a mistake does nt warrant loss of trust .
where do you think i learned to prevaricate , in the first place ?
because it was unfair of me to ask for your help in the first place .
several seasonal men from arizona were sharing the third place .
it 's beyond my comprehension why you insisted on it in the first place .
that 's why it was out here in the first place .
you forgot to bring my present and , to be honest , i do n't think you remembered to get one in the first place .
was nt it enough that all this happened in the first place without every student , every parent and every teacher knowing about it ?
they never lost a single game , and they left the gym with two sets of trophies , 1st place in league and 1st place in tourney .
they never lost a single game , and they left the gym with two sets of trophies , 1st place in league and 1st place in tourney .
is nt that how he got involved with joeys mother in the first place ?
if he had known , he would nt have gone out with the damn woman in the first place .
there was something about her that he could nt quite place , and why his heart was still thumping so hard and so furiously within his chest was beyond him .
and he wondered why he had left home in the first place .
why did you adopt her in the first place ?
he could nt fathom why he had adopted her into his household in the first place .
ill place it number three on the list of books that put me to sleep .
she could n't believe she 'd done it in the first place .
near the oregon border , it shared much of the same weather properties as the rainy state , which was why my family and i had moved here in the first place .
` ` he was in second place , and that was n't good enough .
it was some warped trick of fate that she was here in the first place .
and the ones who did the spell in the first place .
or if i d left in the first place .
blues first place .
no way , i ' m not dropping you off anywhere , that 's what got us into this mess in the first place . ''
` ` awe , come on , it 's your fault i have to do it in the first place . ''
of course , the whole ' male ego ' thing is what had gotten us in this situation in the first place .
the vampire from benjamin 's paintings never showed , he either suspected our trap , or was not in the area in the first place and while that posed a threat , it would not likely be for some time .
` ` are you sure it was there in the first place ?
and as for air - conditioning , what do you need that for , when the bloody plane is nt airtight in the first place and freezing cold air blows in from the cracks around the doors ?
march 10 title : picture perfect some say you re only beautiful when you re thin others say if you re thin it must be a sin maybe some people just do nt want you to win some say your body must be perfect and so must your face but have you seen how ugly some people are deep down inside in the first place ?
and i ca nt fix things very well if i do nt know how it got broken in the first place .
i , uh , think i d better go with the guys , they have this little victory celebration planned , you know , tonight we pretty much cinched first place , and sure .
why had i agreed to serving on the committee in the first place ?
i allowed myself to succumb to the darkness , which was really the problem in the first place , was n't it ?
i should never have believed it in the first place .
something was obviously not right with it or it would n't have crashed in the first place though , correct ? ''
* * * noahs cart flew off the track and into the mud just as minedriven by princess peachcrossed the finish line in second place .
if it was always going to end like this , you should never have asked me out in the first place .
it had been so hard for her to get a job in the first place too .
keely looked appreciative over that even while she displayed a disapproving air over his choice of provoking the altercation in the first place .
its hard to forget something you never knew in the first place , ian commented drily .
what were you doing in here in the first place ?
they re the ones who wanted this meeting in the first place .
in the first place , it wo nt work .
in the second place , keely and her work deserve better than that .
and do nt give me the whole keely can walk at any time because this was nt her idea in the first place spiel .
and it was only just now occurring to her how utterly stupid shed been to go along on that ride in the first place .
if trevor had n't gotten physical with her in the first place , they would n't be in this position .
its a harsh reminder of the reality of our situation : second place does nt count .
the other teams had actually given up , resigning themselves to shared last place and first dibs on the fresh round of wine .
and it sounded like kathryn had some doubts in the first place .
no , i explained , throwing a scowl fionas way for not telling me in the first place , his real name is elliot phelps .
he d forgotten ; he could nt remember why they d ever become friends in the first place .
stopping the dosage was nearly as bad as not taking it in the first place and she did nt know why she clawed her way out every month .
i do nt know how ill have everything done by tomorrow in the first place .
tabitha stood blinking and puzzling a moment , waiting for her eyes to adjust to the glare and wondering why the catty cassandra had been there in the first place .
i - im sorry , she flustered out , suddenly remembering why she had fainted in the first place .
alan was the shameless villain who d deliberately stranded her in such a vulnerable position in the first place .
the brothers settled into the carriage and it began its slow progress to the next place on jamess list .
i hate lord morgan for doing this to me and then i realize it is all my own fault for being so nave about love and courtship in the first place , right up to the moment that i suggested we go outside .
no problem , that s what i got into this business for in the first place .
` ` you won the game , but you got behind in the first place because of me . ''
our undefeated season earned us first place in our division and a bye in the first round of the playoffsgive yourself a hand for that . ''
she was the one that had caused it in the first place .
pretend you actually suggested this idea in the first place , she said boldly to him .
sure , i did nt want to see a horror movie in the first place .
he straightened out in his seat wondering what she had wanted from her purse in the first place .
how do you think i got into this freakin nightclub in the first place ?
not that he wanted to be in queenstown in the first place , but his dad managed to con him after he ditched caroline at the cambodian restaurant .
you should have said so in the first place .
then he remembered why he was feeling so angry with her in the first place .
well in the first place , the people who kidnapped you do nt know about this place .
hunter spent a few minutes explaining what jim had told him , prefacing it with how he met samantha in the first place .
i mean , why did we have to come here in the first place and not to a police station or something ?
how do you guys know so much about buster and where did he come from in the first place ?
the tribe was angry about me buying the land in the first place .
most likely the reason for how i got myself in this predicament in the first place .
so why do they have it in the first place ?
if duncan had not been so irresponsible they would never have done van jump school in the first place .
` ` first place . ''
it 's what attracted him to her in the first place .
the fact that he thought it necessary to text me three times in the first place did nt help .
not many people knew plans had been made and changed in the first place .
how in the world did you get involved with the schwartz operation in the first place ?
and , what was he doing out there in the first place ?
in first place .
he d spent weeks gathering his courage to ask tully in the first place , and when shed said yes , he had nt known what to do next .
she was still reeling from the revelation that he existed in the first place , this younger brother of hers .
the worst thing is that he does nt even know why he is looking for mr . xs place in the first place .
follow me online at : website and blog : http : //www.staceyjoynetzel.com facebook : facebook.com/staceyjoynetzel twitter : http : //twitter.com / staceyjoynetzel sign up for my newsletter here other books by stacey joy netzel italy intrigue series lost in italy * run to rome * 2012 write touch readers award winner colorado trust series evidence of trust trust by design trust in the lawe shattered trust dare to trust welcome to redemption series a fair to remember , book 2 grounds for change , book 4 the heart of the matter , book 6 hold on to me , book 8 ( books 1,3,5,7 written by donna marie rogers ) romancing wisconsin series mistletoe mischief * mistletoe magic * mistletoe match - up * autumn wish * * autumn bliss autumn kiss * 2010 write touch readers ' award winner * * 2014 write touch reader 's award 2nd place stand alone romance titles more than a kiss , contemporary romance chasin mason , contemporary western romance ditched again , high school reunion novella dragonfly dreams , christmas novella paranormal romance titles if tombstones could talk beneath still waters ( part one ) rising above ( still waters part two ) a gift consists not in what is done or given , but in the intention of the giver or doer .
i m not changing what i do on a daily basis because of a psychotic idiot who should nt have had a gun in the first place .
in fact , when i left my parents house in the first place , they made me as bad as they come in their world .
should nt have happened in the first place .
i had started writing this song on the last tour , not even sure who it was about in the first place .
how would you force a change on someone in the first place ?
there was nt a second place finisher anywhere in sight , even standing around for an extra five to ten minutes as the crowd calmed .
it was why i d even been at that auction in the first place .
` ` if she 's so feisty then how come she did n't get away from sunder in the first place ?
i like to be the peacemaker not the reason why there 's fights in the first place .
i never wanted one in the first place and especially not now !
if you can create a hornets nest , there must be something there to stir in the first place !
it was precisely because of men with archaic views like his , that there had been such a volatile reaction to the play in the first place .
you ca nt even be sure plato will be willing for another meeting , in the first place .
how did i become pregnant in the first place ?
you should consider yourself very lucky you re still alive in the first place .
considering how you detected it in the first place , you may be the one who does find it first , if that person hangs around school .
it may be that i am just nervous considering what brought you here in the first place , who was waiting for you , and then everything that the children have encountered but considering what reginald is trying to attempt based on information from you , i think that we need to be watchful .
that s what brought you here in the first place .
i regretted not being stronger and giving us a chance in the first place .
it was the humans that first came up with idea to create this new realm in the first place .
it had been beyond stupid to ever allow jace to leave earth on his own in the first place .
it was me that pushed the council into banning her in the first place .
i did nt want to meet him in the first place .
what was it that had attracted me to jerry in the first place ?
i was more interested in what had caused me to fall in the first place .
what did i see in him in the first place ?
i mean , what made him think he had the nerve to talk to your manager in the first place ?
paul admitted that his father was not happy about financing a remodel he did nt want and did nt think anything needed to change in the first place .
` ` i was right in the first place , '' she said .
your independence attracted me to you in the first place . ''
i should have listened to you in the first place .
her art teacher even entered several black and white photos shed taken at homecoming into a contest , winning her first place .
we went to the first place , but it just ended up leading us to a second one .
i was still trying to figure out why the group had been abducted in the first place , and who had worked their magic to make it happen .
she was about to ask him why , why he had come in the first place , why he had kissed her , but he spoke before the words ever fell from her lips .
perhaps the girl was a witch , the reason she had been pulled to hallowed hills in the first place .
it was nt like she really expected to find a safe in the first place .
` ` but micah set me up in the first place .
my fingers itched to run through that hair , to indulge in the same traitorous instinct that had screwed everything up in the first place .
any man who ca n't appreciate a woman with a little meat on her does n't like women much in the first place .
the best way to deal with a problem was to prevent it from occurring in the first place .
still , she did n't fear him - after all , it was her safety he was concerned with in the first place .
shit , why did she have them in the first place ?
' look at how hard it was to get out of there in the first place . '
we 're talking about a deputy who overstepped his bounds and should n't have gotten involved in the first place . ''
` ` the point is , he 's been saying all along that he did n't belong here in the first place .
that was when charlie told them why otis had been arrested in the first place .
what do you think kept me from pulling the trigger in the first place ?
a bold gentleman , i perceive - who better to take first place ? '
' i think it must have been a clerical oversight that sent them to us in the first place .
' and who created that arse in the first place ?
so there i was , perched on all fours , cleaning up puke at the homecoming dance in my best blue suit , which was exactly what i had wanted to avoid in the first place .
` ` she can hardly bow out now when she 's the one who had the affair with the president in the first place .
but she knew how hard it was to engineer this meeting in the first place and who knew when she 'd get another chance to spend time with her father .
that 's why prince charles could n't marry camilla in the first place like he should have . ''
` ` he 's the diplomat who negotiated the privacy rights treaty that brought me to the u.s . in the first place . ''
driving to court with me in the first place that morning .
that 's why , his mom said , they made fun of him in the first place .
it was n't necessary ; he 'd gone over the consequences of their actions when he 'd proposed the idea of marrying alek in the first place .
` ` but he had no idea he was giving me a big chunk of what i should ' ve gotten in the first place .
this was exactly why i had n't wanted to get involved with him in the first place .
` ` d. never get involved in the first place so you do n't have to worry about this type of situation . ''
ironically , doris had been the reason jeremy had come to this town in the first place .
like most men , he had only the vaguest knowledge about how the whole ` ` child growing inside you '' thing worked and even less interest ; as a general rule , he was far more concerned about the specific act that set the whole thing in motion in the first place .
were n't those the reasons he 'd fallen in love with her in the first place ?
truth be told , he wished he had never seen lexie and rodney together in the first place .
i did n't want to be involved in the first place .
` ` were n't you the one who was complaining about the shirt in the first place ? ''
even for those , like jeremy , who believed in the big bang theory , it said nothing about the creation of the sphere in the first place .
odds are people either wo n't remember it or never saw it in the first place .
it had also given rise to a string of questions that would probably never be answered , like how such a gown had found its way into the chilcott home in the first place .
frankly , i ca n't imagine what you were thinking inviting him here in the first place .
` ` i might have to visit your facilities one of these days , '' anthony agreed , his gaze shifting to the woman who 'd drawn him into the shop in the first place .
that keeping his company was what had led him to believe that she was a doxy in the first place ?
she knew he was a rake and not at all the sort of man with whom she should have been strolling alone in the garden , especially not since she suspected that his reasons for seeking her company in the first place had probably been less than honorable .
he decided not to press her though , since he already had a fair assumption of what had led to this argument in the first place .
` ` if only you 'd listened to us in the first place , this never would have happened .
the other woman had been the reason for all this pretence in the first place .
actually , on second thought , he would never have gotten himself in this situation in the first place .
` ` surely the person who got you the apartment in the first place should have told you about the no - children policy , '' he snapped .
actually it was probably because of him that monica was being so vindictive in the first place .
god , why had she ever agreed to come back here in the first place ?
it 's my fault you were injured in the first place .
he 's the one who found laura in the first place .
josie shouted , ` ` that 's what got her in this condition in the first place ! ''
what word do you use when there is n't one to describe the relationship in the first place ?
` ` i 'd never be a wreck because i would n't have let you go in the first place . ''
` ` it was all my fault ; i should n't have been out there in the first place .
she should never have been in that death trap in the first place and seeing her walking along the dark road pushed his short temper over the edge of reason .
as long as she loved him the rest would fall into place .
that 's what started this whole mess in the first place .
i ca n't believe i took it in the first place .
i did n't know who i was angrier with : him for thinking of me that way , or me for allowing this thing to start in the first place .
why do you think i suggested her as your assistant in the first place ?
and by day three i was actually trying to remember why hitching a ride on a boat had seemed like such a bad idea in the first place .
i should n't be thinking of him in the first place .
stupid dating rules and expectations and google , and stupid will for getting in my head in the first place .
i 'd always understood why women wanted will in the first place .
i was n't going to bring up the relationship thing again because you 'd determined i was incapable of it in the first place . ''
i probably should have made sure i did n't wear her out that much in the first place , but i think the time spent cuddling in bed afterwards was worth it .
i did n't want to come here in the first place but i went because of you .
second place has always been either alice or jazz , but in the light of recent events i ' m not keen on talking to either of them .
` ` trust me , i did n't plan to go easy on you in the first place . ''
ca n't wait to test one of my theories why i think she has been so ready to agree to coming her in the first place , very soon .
` ` yeah , like you 're that great of a liar in the first place . ''
i mean , i know with jazz being sterile he ca n't have any kids in the first place , but i doubt that they 'd think about having children together even if they were the last two people on earth .
but ethan did n't need to say anything in the first place .
obviously the incident that has brought me here made me feel like shit or i would n't be here in the first place .
i ' m saying that she should n't have been encouraging a drunk stranger to be rough with her in the first place .
even if it was her pot , she would n't have been there in the first place if it had n't been for me .
you know i do n't have much in the first place . ''
and that 's actually what i thought back when your gran had this discussion with me in the first place .
i feel responsible because you hurt your foot in the first place because of me .
how he thinks he was n't enough to save her , as if that was ever within his power in the first place .
i 'd forgotten why she 'd left in the first place .
he wondered again why he had agreed to this in the first place .
for mama , divorce had been the answer ; for claire , it was never to say ` ` i do '' in the first place .
in the first place , the room was dark .
some of the gazes were frankly condemning ; that was the look he remembered , the one that had sent him running in the first place .
` ` especially when you did n't want kids in the first place , like in our case . ''
i did n't even want to go to new york in the first place .
you 're the one who wanted it to be a surprise in the first place . ''
` ` what i said in the first place ?
he never desired her in the first place and the waiting had turned out to be a blessing in disguise for him , as the ' maid ' he 'd hired was really his long - time girlfriend .
hell , he 'd come to the club in the first place to prove he could find other women attractive .
she did n't know what to say , as she did n't even really know how she 'd gotten the job in the first place .
` ` but why am i here in the first place , '' she asked , her voice cracking even more in her frustration .
why had she taken the human - sexuality course in the first place ?
it had taken her five years of therapy to work up the courage to go to college in the first place , or she would have been finished with her education by now .
i ca n't continue to take you to my bed knowing that should you have a choice , you would n't be in it in the first place .
i 'd never meant to destroy the book in the first place , and i understood a rich man would own expensive things , but now that i knew it was more than that , i felt horrible .
his wife was infertile and disliked the idea of having children in the first place .
that 's what led me to this in the first place .
jeremy had n't said anything , but i had the feeling jeremy was n't the type of person to notice , or complain , about that kind of thing in the first place .
why had she refused to leave in the first place ?
not that i ' m very good in the first place , but i was doing pretty good right there . ''
i was n't quite sure , since i did n't know anything about her plans in the first place .
not that she 's useful in the first place , i ' m sure .
more of a high profile place than anything , and likely far more comfortable than they deserved , but asher never wanted them to be in serious trouble in the first place .
` ` i am just sorry that she was thrown out in the first place .
a state you did not want in the first place . ''
if she 'd remembered the details of what had gotten her so scared in the first place , she would n't have run into dayne 's room .
which , he was forced to admit , was why he should n't have touched her in the first place .
` ` because he did n't know i 'd been gone in the first place , '' gage said .
she still had n't forgiven laurel for wasting money on it in the first place and , even worse , hiding it in alix 's purse .
once her nerves were calm , alix carefully unraveled the row , taking out one stitch at a time , which took more effort than it did to complete the frigging row in the first place .
` ` second place was n't so bad . ''
he 'd been the one who insisted on shipping her off to france in the first place .
chrissie 's mind was already made up and susannah wondered why her daughter had bothered to ask in the first place .
then everything seemed to fall into place .
derek should never have gotten up on that roof in the first place .
which was true enough , since she should n't have gone in the first place .
no wonder meeting harvey took second place -- he was having dinner with this other woman .
` ` he should never have been in that helicopter in the first place , '' leanne cried , lashing out in her pain .
' well , that works if we know who in hell it is in the first place . ''
that smacked a little too close to the nazi way of doing things , which was what had gotten us into this mess in the first place .
if he warned about raids , who gave him the information in the first place ?
although he was a large man , making her feel petite and feminine , and he 'd kidnapped her in the first place , in his arms , kissing him , she forgot all about their current situation .
noting worth saving there , even if it had n't been stolen in the first place .
janet said you 'd requested cedar cove in the first place , but got sent to that facility in seattle instead .
he was n't the one who 'd wanted it in the first place , he told himself stubbornly .
so many things began to fall into place .
` ` the children are what 's most important to me , too , '' she told him , but as she replaced the receiver , rosie wondered if her failure as a wife and mother was what had gotten her into this predicament in the first place .
he did n't understand why max had come to cedar cove in the first place .
why come to cedar cove in the first place ? ''
in the first place , i have n't left town .
that was what had driven jack to alcohol in the first place .
it saddened her to think that everything was n't going to fall neatly into place .
now that i think about it , ca n't figure how he could ' ve afforded it in the first place .
` ` anyway , he ca n't have cared about his family that much in the first place or he would n't have left them . ''
surely it showed a curiosity about other people that was quite un - wil -like , to want to read them in the first place ?
` ` it was not something i had planned to brag of in the first place .
come here in the first place ?
or maybe she was just a flaming idiot who deserved everything she got for being sucked into this in the first place .
what the hell had evan been thinking when he 'd hooked up with her in the first place ?
not only had she lost her reputation , and possibly her career , but she 'd lost the one man she loved enough to have risked it all in the first place .
if it had ever been there in the first place .
had it ever been there in the first place ?
that 's what got you here in the first place . ''
why had n't i stayed there in the first place ?
a bold gentleman , i perceive - who better to take first place ? ''
` ` i think it must have been a clerical oversight that sent them to us in the first place .
the flicker of silver in his short hair was as shocking as him being here in first place .
hell , why use a gun in the first place ?
she had to be practical , because she had no particular skills or job training , and wanting more than what she could provide for herself was what had led her to men like rafael in the first place .
the last piece of the puzzle fell into place in noelle 's head with a nearly audible click .
if it were n't for me , you 'd never have been there in the first place .
` ` if grant was available , why did n't you send him here in the first place ? ''
more to the point , she could see no reason for the laird to have been here in the first place .
she was in second place at the first turn .
by the second turn , she 'd fallen into fourth place .
` ` then why did you go to college in california in the first place ? ''
all my life i ' ve come in last place behind a man 's work and i wo n't do it again . ''
she refused to settle for second place with her husband .
lord , why had she come here in the first place ?
but without a word , she dragged herself upstairs , too tired and suddenly out of sorts to pass on the offer of a nice , hot bubble bath , even if it had been suggested by the man who 'd put her out of sorts in the first place .
then there was haylie , who showed no interest in him whatsoever , asked nothing of him and maintained that she 'd only sought him out in the first place to let him know he 'd fathered a child .
that must have been what had awakened her in the first place .
of course , such a large job had been his idea in the first place , and his way of keeping her close until he found out bradley 's paternity .
if i 'd learned anything from my mother 's multiple marriages to successful businessmen , it was that wives were often mistresses , almost invariably taking second place because their husbands were also married to their work .
i wo n't try again with you when there was nothing to try in the first place .
vince had n't taken that away from my brother tonight , because jax had never counted on him in the first place .
` ` who 's in first place ? ''
in fact , he wo n't ever look at you again and see anything good , if he even saw anything good in the first place . ''
but it was her fault they 'd fought in the first place .
` ` what do you care about what daniel and i feel for each other , or who either one of us dates in the first place ? ''
` ` i do n't waste time letting them think they 're right in the first place .
` ` then why did you go out with her in the first place ? ''
` ` it was short notice and rude of my father to ask in the first place .
she did n't know what was worse , having julie overhear what she said or that she was at declan 's in the first place .
i just do n't get why she would go over there in the first place .
maybe if tully had had a mother who loved her she would n't find it so easy - so necessary - to lie in the first place .
she should have never been in that position in the first place , especially since you supposedly exerted so much control over caldwell and wielded that much influence .
i glare at him and say , ` ` well , if you 'd shown me in the first place , you would n't be questioning me right now . ''
why did n't you scope out the place and make sure it was clear of strigoi in the first place ?
in the first place , your thesis is derivative .
they should n't have fallen in love with each other in the first place . ''
that 's what got you into this mess in the first place . ''
if anyone should be investigated for harassment , it should be christa peterson , who maliciously instigated this mess in the first place . ''
` ` in the first place , scott , i do not have women .
` ` in the first place , she is not your girl and she never was .
his family did n't know that he 'd had the procedure in the first place .
just like he 'd suggested in the first place ...
she had n't wanted to do this in the first place , and she should be thrilled it was almost over .
` ` he 's the one who got you into this craziness in the first place , remember ? ''
` ` he was the one who gave you that germ in the first place . ''
jane should n't have played with the ghosts of her past , and i wondered why she would have ever become a submissive in the first place other than to torture herself .
how he 'd heard that we 'd need an invitation from the club 's owner in the first place .
he knew that this had been his reason for inviting her to london in the first place .
upon meeting her again ( after that dreadfully embarrassing incident where she had behaved so rudely that she wondered why beatrice had n't admonished her also ) , emily had wondered what on earth had prompted her to laugh in the first place .
indeed , she was fortunate that charlotte had approached her in the first place , for it was less likely to make her suspicious than if emily had sought to befriend her , as had been their initial plan .
you did n't want it in the first place .
where had he gone in the first place ?
` ` only a fool would have attacked in the first place .
but i have started this conversation by texting him in the first place .
she backed away quickly , as if to pretend she 'd never really run up to her once - best friends in the first place .
` ` second place .
i never wanted you in the stupid military in the first place . ''
why was she up here with the duke in the first place ?
` ` little minx , '' he said against her lips , and then her robe was off as if it had n't been on or secure in the first place .
but to sebastian it had always seemed that most men wasted valuable time being upset or angry when they had it within their capabilities to fix their situation in the first place .
it had n't helped that samuel had made sebastian more curious about emma 's past and the reasons for her being here in the first place .
phillip had never been a bad investor , had he any money to invest in the first place .
there should be a seamstress there , for she not only needed help with her bodice , but also the bottom of her skirt which had trapped her in that daft situation in the first place .
trust was a thing of the past , if it had ever been there in the first place .
` ` th - that would be difficult since my heart was never in the match in the f - first place , '' florinda said , giving artemisia 's hand a squeeze .
` ` but how did he become a weendigo in the first place ?
i 'd figured if he was a shifter he 'd have cured whatever ailment had made him a midget in the first place .
i had no idea what i was even in my jewelry box in the first place .
i 'd hardly spared my actual boss a thought since she 'd gone on maternity leave - out of sight , out of mind definitely applied when i had so many other things to worry about - but she 'd been the one to recommend me as a green card bride in the first place .
why the f**k did n't you tell me that in the first place ? ''
that 's all things i never though i 'd have , but none of it changes the fact that if you 'd never left in the first place , we would n't be going through this at all . ''
questions she had been unable to answer in the first place .
` ` last place was abilene . ''
that was the question that had brought him to greta in the first place .
but i 'll be fucking damned if i let her invade my life when she does n't even want me in the first place .
` ` i'dbe asking what she was doing letting him in the house in the first place . ''
so clay hooked his thumbs in his belt loops and started to wonder why the hell he had n't gone to the kountry kitchen for biscuits in the first place .
it was over in about a minute , and the young man with the stinky child had managed to win first place .
in fact , the best he 'd managed so far in his rookie season was a twenty - ninth place finish .
he should have explained that before they went to bed in the first place .
they need to be reminded of what the crusade was for in the first place .
you remember that frog you had that took second place that time ? ''
getting down here in the first place was n't that easy either .
it was crazy to ask you to come in the first place . ''
in fact , until you explained it to me , i had no idea what his business here was in the first place . ''
bringing her with him in the first place ?
she considered calling her friends in santo amaro , but they had n't understood her desire to move to the united states in the first place .
in the first place , divination was n't her gift .
` ` and why were you at tyburn in the first place ? ''
` ` your honor does realize , do n't ye , that a felon what escapes prison and is caught is promptly hanged , no matter what it was he was jugged for in the first place ? ''
that is , if i allow it to get off the ground in the first place . ''
` ` i must have been raving mad letting that slip in the first place . ''
the situation should n't have arisen in the first place .
how had he known about the loan in the first place ?
of course , a gentleman would n't have come up here in the first place .
wants to hear he 's running in second place . ''
` ` besides , i would never let the wrong shade of blue enter my home in the first place .
truly , she could hardly believe she had al owed dicky to do so in the first place and supposed it was only because no one had ever treated her like that before , and she had never been without the support and love of her family prior to that either .
` ` hmm , '' richard 's mouth thinned out , and then he said , ` ` wel , daniel and i suspect dicky had something to do with getting your father to the gaming hel in the first place that time too . ''
where do you think you learned to run about barefoot in the first place ? ''
it was why i came to london in the first place .
that 's why uncle earl had to force me into an institution that favors women in the first place . ''
jed never wanted him in the first place , nor maggie .
never one to settle for second place , he 'd let her go because she was n't meant for him .
the night stretched before her with endless possibilities - and she was sick of coming in second place with a man .
what kind of man risked his safety to bring a christmas tree to a woman who did n't want to celebrate in the first place ?
in the first place , he 'd be going with delphie , the single most intriguing woman he 'd ever met .
and in the second place , he was n't going to have enough time at home for this to get awkward .
remember , it was his ' undying ' love that you found so attractive in the first place .
` ` i was right about twisting your arm to get you down there in the first place , was n't i ? ''
` ` were n't you the one who thought we should get married in the first place ? ''
she thought of pouring the lime juice in his lap , but her stomach growled and revenge took a distant second place to putting something in her empty stomach , even if it was just fruit juice .
the rest would fall into place eventually .
knowing when to hold your ground and when to make your move often meant the difference between first and forty - third place .
she was n't strong enough to endure months of loneliness and deal with the knowledge that she would always take second place in her husband 's life .
but i ' m not willing to take second place in his life .
i still do n't know the reason you divorced in the first place .
i ca n't begin to describe to you the way he glanced at me , as if ... as if he could n't believe he 'd ever been married to me in the first place .
royce and i have no right falling in love in the first place . ''
she did n't know what would infuriate him more , the fact she had n't told him right away or that she was pregnant in the first place .
what he had n't figured out was why the old man had demanded riley marry his daughter in the first place .
other commitments took second place to military life .
` ` you should n't have to be thinking that way in the first place , but we ' ve almost got lincoln raised .
damn it , why did he have to be attracted to her in the first place ?
he could n't have packed anything valuable in it , considering that he had n't intended to take it with him in the first place .
even those would arrive hours late because he would n't even remember to come home in the first place .
gen was asleep and the island was , well , deserted , which was why they were in this fix in the first place .
he had the silly thought of jumping and waving his arms , although he knew the jet was too high and commercial airline pilots would n't be on the lookout for anyone in the first place .
then again , if it were n't for joey , she would n't have dexter here in the first place , so in a strange way , she owed joey benjamin for being such a jerk .
i may be sick of having joey benjamin rule what i do , but that 's the consequence of getting involved with him in the first place . ''
if she had a million dollars , though , she would n't be in this fix in the first place .
buying the nude in the first place was embarrassing enough , without kurt and this tanya woman finding out about it .
that still does n't explain why you were under the bed in the first place .
to be cool i 'd have to wear contacts , so i would n't need prescription shades in the first place .
she was n't stealing him if kristen had never had him in the first place .
in fact , the odds of him doing something stupid were way lower than the odds that he 'd ever be in this situation in the first place .
he also deserved a punch in the nose for getting into it in the first place .
` ` i did n't want any of that stuff in the first place , so it does n't bother me if it 's trashed . ''
` ` i do n't want you to be upset in the first place . ''
a pilot 's license would n't do me any good if i get picked up flying a hovercraft that 's not legal in the first place . ''
` ` we 're trying to throw this guy off the trail , if he 's even on the trail in the first place .
a romantic would have stayed in bed with her and kissed her awake , instead of waiting until jared stevenson the third blasted her with cheerful announcements of activities she did n't want to do in the first place .
cora and little ben lost out , but lex enjoyed watching irwin and emily , the couple from the lifeboat , take second place .
` ` are we betting win , place , and show , the quinella , or what ? ''
if he had n't sent it in the first place , she would n't feel this awkwardness .
sometime around eleven - thirty , geekland moved into first place in the country on the master trivia board , mostly thanks to william .
` ` did n't want any in the first place , '' he muttered .
` ` in the first place , this is n't a cocktail party . ''
` ` in the second place , i do n't take off my pants for just anybody .
` ` just because we had a little sex does n't mean- '' ` ` in the first place , it was a lot of sex .
and in the second place , i have these powerful protective instincts to deal with . ''
it is actually four times as much as her last place .
i did n't even hang around to get the second place trophy .
she wished she 'd never asked the stupid question in the first place .
but why had her mommy left her in the first place ?
' i can not imagine what litchfield imagined he was doing by approaching my carriage in the first place . '
well sandy , she guessed , would never have left maine in the first place .
yet he had to get back in touch with that killer instinct , because that killer instinct - that was what had gotten him into this mess in the first place .
after the accident , no one ever mentioned her : it was as if she 'd never existed in the first place .
it would mean admitting that he 'd been wrong in the first place .
but now she knew that life without risk was impossible , and if by chance you stumbled across a safe , serene existence , it was because you 'd never really reached for anything in the first place .
` ` if you ever had the disease in the first place . ''
` ` ye wouldna have got nearly such a wicked tanning , if ye 'd only minded me in the first place , when i told ye to kneel and- '' ` ` minded you !
` ` i got you into it in the first place , after all . ''
are we to come meachin ' along at the finish , to find ourselves beggars , and taking second place to clanranald and glengarry ?
but dougal could n't give charles the money openly while colum was alive - colum would have asked questions ; he was much too honest a man to have used stolen money , no matter who stole it in the first place . ''
` ` ye ought not to have left the muellers ' in the first place , and it raining like that !
your f**king notion of honor is what 's caused all the trouble in the first place ! ''
being - being left alone here in the first place , '' she ended , her voice trembling unexpectedly .
dying with the reassurance that brianna loved him was better than dying without it - but he had n't wanted to die in the first place .
` ` what were you doing in fort william in the first place ? ''
` ` why did you come back to scotland in the first place , though ?
i had no very friendly feelings toward the scruffy little man , since he was more or less responsible for my present predicament , having kidnapped me in the first place .
` ` i was so upset at that , i straightened up and whirled round and yelled at him , ' weel , why did ye no say so in the first place , ye auld fool !
the memory that had niggled at me earlier dropped suddenly into place .
even the harsh iron smell of blood took second place .
` ` what were you doing there in the first place , da ? ''
as though i hadna enough to contend with , my own wife ... and if ye 'd gone to see my aunt , as i asked ye , then it wouldna have happened in the first place .
` ` besides , you have n't got any in the first place , or you 'd never have married me .
but it 's simply incredible that anyone with that much laudanum in him could have been up marching round in the first place ... unless ... '' i cocked a brow at him , recalling jocasta 's remarks during our discussion at river run .
all right , '' she added , wanting to be as fair as possible , ` ` i might have let you believe it was a man , but you were the one who suggested it in the first place .
their family 's ability to create such wonderful tastes of italy , combined with caterina 's temper , got them into this mess in the first place .
a warm chuckle rumbled from his chest as a memory clicked into place .
you did n't tel me ryan had enlisted in the first place !
i do n't know how our fathers found where shax kept the book in the first place .
if charles knew anything , gabe and jack would n't have taken it in the first place ! ''
suddenly i could n't remember why i had missed it in the first place , and scolded myself for ever letting jared feel that i was anything but grateful for every moment he was in my life .
not only because we heard that scorpion was disqualified for using brass knuckles at a fight the night before and because remington is in first place point - wise by a lot of points , but because i know that austin is the place where he was born - where he , in his head , believes he was rejected .
` ` so we can say good - bye to a first place ranking , '' pete swears .
he 's dropped to second place after scorpion .
` ` his points ca n't keep him in first place forever , '' riley mutters now , and there 's no mistaking the impending doom in his voice .
this is our third night in la , and he 's still in second place point - wise , but he 's been fighting like a champion .
scorpion is in first place now , and my nerves are killing me .
but i know i do n't deserve these arms to hold me in the first place .
it feels like it took me a lifetime to get him here with me in the first place .
' in the first place , my brother was an excellent swimmer .
in the first place lord henry looked distinctly forbidding , and , in the second , much larger than she remembered .
in the interim he needed to focus on the reason for coming to spain in the first place .
' the sooner we leave , the sooner you will meet sanchez , ' she replied , ' and that is why you came here in the first place . '
` ` i think surviving it in the first place , even more so than mastering my blindness , was the thing that convinced him to let me live . ''
panic tore through her as reality crashed into place .
why did he bring her home , bring her here to live with him in the first place ?
why did he bring her home in the first place ?
if he had n't tried to convince her how attractive she was , she would n't be late in the first place .
and that , she abruptly remembered , was the reason she 'd gotten so hammered in the first place : to achieve numbness , to forget him .
he slipped out the door with his boots , which he did n't remember taking off in the first place , and glanced back at her .
ye should have told him that in the first place .
hell , the old brian would n't have gotten off the couch tonight in the first place .
deanne had n't wanted her there in the first place .
` ` well , you did it in the first place . ''
their frequent visits with each other had been how macy ended up roped into this deal in the first place , but she did n't mind that .
i 'll be all right ... yeah , well , dammit , i should n't have let you talk me into coming home in the first place .
he should n't be here in the first place . ''
he was n't really guilty of anything except trying to get her back , but his trying had caused all this shit in the first place .
unless there were some severe character flaws there - but then they should n't have gotten as far as the altar in the first place if that were the case .
or maybe she was too occupied to check it in the first place .
having a husband do this to you would n't be an easy thing to accept , no matter that she 'd done the wrong thing by liam in the first place .
she hated perpetuating the myth that she was only about wealth , but all this had been thrust upon her in the first place .
dammit , he still did n't understand why she needed to win him over in the first place .
after all , it 's always easier not to eat if you are n't hungry in the first place !
he tapped his pen thoughtfully on the blotter , wishing he were at home with sarah , rather than having to patiently sort out a mess that never should have developed in the first place .
no man wants to hear he 's running in second place . ''
i ' ve come to accept the fact that you never wanted this in the first place .
so the big question was how had the syringe ended up in the house in the first place .
realization hit her as all the pieces fell into place .
as he said the words aloud , everything fell into place with a happy little click .
` ` assuming it 's not a bad decision to let you do this thing in the first place . ''
and her reason for being here in the first place .
what if i had n't told him where the strigoi were in the first place ?
` ` if you had a brain in the first place , you would have realized you could n't be brain dead or you would n't have been able to figure all that out . ''
since the fey are unable to speak untruths in the first place , its use on them would be redundant .
the only ` ` horrible disaster '' around here is molly needing to be on the pill in the first place .
you do n't really want to be second place in his heart , do you ? ''
a snowdrift had started all this in the first place .
if only she 'd followed her instincts in the first place and steered clear of this man , they 'd both have been spared a lot of pain .
in the first place her job demanded it , and in the second place , looking good did n't mean she was shallow and materialistic .
in the first place her job demanded it , and in the second place , looking good did n't mean she was shallow and materialistic .
` ` no , but we should n't have married in the first place .
` ` in the first place , i do n't think it will charge .
in the second place , yelling should scare it off . ''
in the first place , he had n't asked her to .
in the second place , she 'd need a way to earn a living , and the last chance did n't require the services of a cruise director .
` ` how 'd you get both pieces of the kukulcan star in the first place ? ''
and as usual , it had been up to him to suggest the activity in the first place .
i do n't know why i went with those guys in the first place .
it was also the reason she and jim had bought the home in the first place .
like you wondered why you had to call him in the first place ? ''
not a long hiatus , but then they had n't been going on that long in the first place .
you 're the one who screwed this up in the first place !
that woman treated dogs like people , which should have warned him to stay away from her in the first place .
he had no idea if it had even been in the cruiser in the first place .
thinking back , she realized that even though he 'd described the things he 'd seen and done on his journey across the country , she still had no idea why he 'd gone on the walk in the first place or why he 'd decided to end his trek in hampton .
frankly , he could n't imagine what she 'd see in some - one like thigh - bolt in the first place .
it made her wonder about her friends and neighbors , but mostly it made her wonder about the men who 'd asked her out in the first place .
` ` he ... '' though she 'd suspected that both logan and nana were right , though her own intuition had prompted her to come here in the first place , she felt something crumple inside when adam confirmed it .
talking was what might have gotten him into trouble in the first place .
that was why she left edenton in the first place .
` ` yeah , but i did n't expect that i 'd have to ride my bike in the first place .
was she pleased with her decision to have married me in the first place ?
it was tough to get one in the first place .
all it ever needed was a little attention , and it would never have ended up like this in the first place . ''
one by one , items fell into place .
` ` i got second place , '' he said .
` ` well , second place is great .
still , the uncertainty weighed heavily on us ; we still had no idea what had caused the seizure in the first place .
` ` i guess i did n't think any of the bad stuff was really god 's fault in the first place .
the chance to see them had been the reason for our visit to tromso in the first place , and both micah and i were disappointed .
last night , when she 'd pressed , doris had clammed up , as if she had n't said anything in the first place .
` ` i do n't belong in here in the first place ! ''
` ` then why did i give you the diary in the first place ?
` ` because , '' she said , ` ` it let me know that i was right about you in the first place .
if she were n't scared , she would n't need courage in the first place .
i mean , who on earth came up with that idea in the first place ? ''
she would n't have left if she had achild , would n't have been able to run away in the first place .
he was dizzy and weakand felt more tired than when he lay down in the first place .
something she 'd seen but she could n't quite place .
neither lissa nor adrian approved of this mission in the first place , and eddie still did n't know its purpose .
and that 's not even counting the fact that you have to get near one in the first place .
i mean , not that setting them on fire is n't cool after they ' ve gone on killing sprees , but if we could stop those killing sprees in the first place ?
` ` bet you 'll have a sore ass by the time she 's done punishing you for letting her walk in the first place .
` ` why did n't you just do it in the first place ? ''
it was this sense of being ... nothing ... that had set her on the path to ruin in the first place , and she did n't miss the irony that she was here again .
the only reason he 'd sent for bryce in the first place was because he considered him a close friend .
then again , no gentleman would have allowed for such a situation to arise in the first place , she reflected .
` ` not fussy enough or you would n't have dared to don such a gown in the first place . ''
muttering an oath , michael could n't help but ask himself how this mad woman had managed to drag him along on this haphazard , wild goose chase , at the very core of the enemy 's lair in the first place .
it did sound very tempting , yet mary had n't forgotten why she 'd dismissed the handsome man in the first place .
` ` he is the one who sent for lady steepleton in the first place , '' lord arlington replied .
after all , it was his skill at deduction that had led her to him in the first place .
after all , it was technically them who 'd invited her for the ride in the first place .
and for that matter why point the finger at me when you hurt her so badly by a. giving her to me in the first place , which immediately made her assume the worst and that you were dumping her and b. looking straight through her like she did n't exist when she saw you outside cattleman 's . ''
how they ever got hired in the first place would remain a mystery to connor .
that thought had occurred to him , and he would have certainly suggested it already if he knew why she was here in the first place .
if you 'd been concerned with that , you would n't have kidnapped me in the first place ! '
it was asiftherelease ofher fear and angerinher outburst over joan'sleeches had removed whatevernervous energy had setherhands shaking inthe first place .
` ` now do n't be untyin ' him , he 's a slippery little eel an ' it took me forever to be trussin ' him up in the first place . ''
` ` ye had to threaten her to get her to marry ye in the first place , ye 'll not be cryin ' off now . ''
the puzzle that sawyer had created tonight all fell into place .
` ` but why did you ask the question in the first place ? ''
` ` perhaps i would have if i 'd known about this relationship in the first place .
he wondered where the hell dawson was and what he was doing out here in the first place .
` ` i have no desire to hear the tawdry details of what went on last night , or hear how awful i was for not accepting dawson in the first place .
considering what you did in the first place ?
because it was his fault that jared was here in the first place .
for most of them , dr . mills guessed , it was the reason they 'd gone into medicine in the first place , just as he had .
cassie had n't expected him to want to go to the dance with her in the first place ; she 'd just thought maybe he would n't mind , because he 'd been nice to her in the boiler room that night .
she could n't remember now how all this had started , how she 'd gotten on this path in the first place .
they 'd laugh at him for his foolishness in taking the pup in the first place .
` ` in the first place , i have n't cast any spells since i got here .
but if the demon were coming to collect , he was tempted to spill the truth about how they 'd become allies in the first place .
she held her hands out in a placating gesture , and he felt guilty that his mate should have to use such a gesture in the first place , as if she were some weak lower - level pack member and not his alpha female .
did you choose to be involved in any of this in the first place ?
` ` and the third place ? ''
i argued with mom that i should have slightly more than half of the suitcase , since without me and my cancer , we 'd never be going to amsterdam in the first place .
we were just standing there in the hallway , and he was n't leading the way to his room or anything , and i did n't know where his room was , and as the stalemate continued , i became convinced he was trying to figure out a way not to hook up with me , that i never should have suggested the idea in the first place , that it was unladylike and therefore had disgusted augustus waters , who was standing there looking at me unblinking , trying to think of a way to extricate himself from the situation politely .
they can store energy and help you call on the powers , but only if you have the talent for it in the first place .
where it should have gone in the first place .
was that how her grandfather had found the shadow men in the first place ?
she should thank him , maybe , for saving her life - although it would n't have been in danger in the first place if not for him .
` ` in fact , you should have told me before you proposed to her in the first place . ''
he cut that pathway to more of the doubts that had led him to divorce court in the first place .
except indulging in a few too many umbrella drinks had landed her in this mess in the first place .
` ` the press does n't know the reason they renewed their vows so soon after saying them in the first place .
and if you had n't excluded us from hanging out in your tunnels we probably would have showed you how to dig them right in the first place rather than laughing at you behind your back . ''
there were a fev names for people in montana , which was n't either ohi ( or idaho or iowa as the super had guessed , but thes were n't clearys , and he did n't plan on calling somebody in montana just to find out if they were related to ; dead black girl he did n't want to tell them about in th ( first place .
i should n't have gone there in the first place . ''
i still do n't understand why you broke up with her in the first place .
he did n't know the girl , did n't know why she 'd stormed off in the first place .
she had n't stolen them in the first place !
this was why she had n't wanted to come out here in the first place ; this was what she 'd wanted to avoid .
marcus had been annoyed to find them here in the first place , and then blaze had been hounding him for the past hour , asking where he 'd been all day .
` ` why would you believe her in the first place ?
he had n't even wanted to join the after - party in the first place , but he 'd been talked into it by a few fellow riders who wanted to celebrate his comeback and drink to his victory .
` ` but how did you start in the first place ?
` ` choosing well in the first place . ''
of course , not every modern artist became famous , and not every painting we bought became exceptionally valuable , but that was never a factor in our decisions about whether or not to buy a piece of art in the first place .
the thing is , i never wanted you to ride in the first place .
win or place , earn money and points - and whatever you do , do n't get hurt so bad that you ca n't ride the following week .
luke was in fourth place in the standings .
his score on that ride moved him into second place .
one event into the season , he was in first place , precisely where he needed to be .
luke held on and the ride was no doubt exciting to the crowd , but when the scores came up , he found himself in ninth place .
in the short go , he drew a decent bull , and he 'd hopped off with a score good enough to move him into fourth place .
although luke had ridden in only three of the first seven events of the year , he 'd earned enough points to find himself in fifth place by the cutoff date - enough to qualify him for the major league tour .
it was something he could n't quite place .
` ` or perhaps , '' the dowager snapped angrily , ` ` one could manage not to make the mistake in the first place . ''
` ` he should never have gone in the first place .
we would n't be in this mess in the first place without you and your ridiculous blood brothers ritual with your pussy boy scout knife . ''
because i never lose in the first place . ''
i ' m sorry that he was arrested in the first place .
only flesh that should n't be there in the first place .
because i am wearing my baskett jersey , i insist that baskett is the man , to which my father blows air through his teeth , and my cocky brother says , ` ` we 'll see soon , '' which is a weird thing for him to say , considering he was the one who gave me the baskett jersey in the first place and just two weeks ago assured me that baskett was really the man .
i am upset because i disappointed myself , and apart time will surely be extended now because god will want to protect nikki until i learn to control myself better , and like jesus , nikki is a pacifist , which is the reason she did not like me going to the rowdy eagles games in the first place , and i do n't want to be sent back to the bad place , and god , i miss nikki so much , it hurts so bad and - ` ` ` ` fuck nikki , '' tiffany says , and then slips another spoonful of raisin bran into her mouth .
all throughout the second half , lincoln financial field is alive ; we eagles fans know that first place in the nfc east is at stake .
after such a big win - a win that puts the eagles in first place - surely dad will want to talk to me .
and with the eagles in first place , i thought , why not make up with jeanie ? ''
the sole focus is supposed to be diminishing depression through use of the body , but judges award a wreath of flowers to the second - best dance routine and a golden trophy to the first - place dance routine .
also , if it is not too much trouble , please allow the eagles to win on christmas day , because a win over the cowboys will put the eagles in first place and then my dad might be in a good mood and maybe he will even talk to mom and me .
he said they never should have introduced us in the first place . ''
i never deserved this wonderful man here , before me , in the first place .
i think it 's because he feels like he 's somehow failing jonny by letting this happen in the first place .
` ` marnie says her cabbage won first place at the fair this year . ''
why had n't he thought of that in the first place ?
` ` i would be pissed that you had n't come to me in the first place .
guilt about dex 's rough childhood had brought gavin to his unknown brother 's door in the first place .
even if that argument had swayed tal to consider piper in the first place , this was n't the time to point out all the practical reasons she worked as their bride .
law carried her out , wondering why he 'd ever agreed to this scheme in the first place .
you 're lucky we allowed you to be involved in this in the first place . ''
` ` well , i ' m the smart one who did n't go into the military in the first place and i still end up getting my ass chewed out on a regular basis by your former co. '' dane did n't have time for the anders brothers comedy hour .
perhaps this was the kind of happiness that only happened when everything fell into place , when a person 's puzzle was complete .
and who had even told them they had a relationship in the first place ?
burke stood , smiling and open , as though something had blissfully fallen into place .
i never wanted a kid in the first place . ''
mom had probably come home from work about five ( if she 'd even made it to work in the first place ) , then changed her look from white - trash beautician to biker slut and run off to her favorite bar stool .
she wanted to be angry , to access the ambition and determination that had taken her through fircrest 's doors in the first place , but all that fire felt so far away .
in a snit , i marched into the bedroom and threw on some clothes , which again did n't take long because i did n't bring much in the first place , and what i did bring was color coordinated .
` ` as for all of that , the only reason i did n't go to mom 's in the first place is because you said dwayne bailey might look for me there and i could be endangering mom and dad as well as myself .
i knew she did n't agree with my relationship with logan in the first place , but i appreciated that she let me fall apart over his sudden disappearance from my life .
i called the only other person i could think of - my landlord , since he 'd informed me of cohen 's accident in the first place , and thankfully he knew cohen 's hospital room number .
` ` then she should n't have come here in the first place . ''
it had been difficult for tony to go on vacation in the first place , mainly because he knew he would be traveling alone .
` ` why 'd you go there in the first place ? ''
with my savings in hand and a promotion to stock - boy , i got my first place .
i should n't have left in the first place .
that 's probably how you broke out of here in the first place . ''
i ' m talking about the stupidity of getting in that kind of situation in the first place . ''
why kill it in the first place ? ''
i do n't want you to hurt , but i should have followed my gut in the first place .
danvers international was the second biggest communications company in the us and with the acquisition of mericom danvers would move firmly into first place .
since being taken off all the medication that she 'd not needed in the first place her ' bad days ' seemed to be a thing of the past .
if he 'd stayed to hear all the particulars of his uncle 's will in the first place , instead of storming out and muddling things with his arrogant announcement that she was beneath him ...
she suspected it was that sound or one similar that had awakened her in the first place .
deke gave her credit for that - and having the guts to come here in the first place .
` ` we never hashed it in the first place , which is part of the problem .
` ` if all this vile shit you 're saying is the truth , then you 're a first - class a**hole and i wish i had n't come here in the first place .
then why did she agree to f**k us in the first place ? ''
if he should be angry with anyone , it was himself , for wanting her in the first place .
she tried to wriggle free , mentally flaying herself for the stupid hope that had encouraged her to seduce luc in the first place , to lure him close with the silly idea that he might fall for her .
which implies that you were giving him something in the first place . ''
then it clicked into place .
even more perplexing was why he 'd been sent to venezuela in the first place .
the puzzle pieces fell into place for hunter .
as if he never had during the course of a scene , which was how xander knew about his hidden tattoo in the first place .
logan looked sincere ... but he 'd only apologized for pushing her , not for kissing her in the first place .
if his little ego is offended , he does n't have much of one in the first place .
` ` i never wanted to stop in the first place .
you should never have removed it in the first place .
but because he 'd never doubted her grandfather in the first place , he could n't claim an about - face .
these two apparently moved around during the day , which was why earl had spotted them in the first place .
` ` that 's nice of you to say , but if you had n't been saddled with me in the first place and you 'd been able to work on your own , you 'd probably be done with the whole thing by now . ''
in the second place , when i first arrived in seattle and contacted pack members , i told them that i was a distant cousin of byron 's and i 'd been told to look him up if i came to town . ''
` ` in the first place , i have n't had so many lovers as that , and in the second place , you would never get lost among them .
` ` in the first place , i have n't had so many lovers as that , and in the second place , you would never get lost among them .
since he made them in the first place , someone might have already double - checked with him on that .
luna would n't want to go in the first place .
in the second place , i would never allow your grandmother to be angry with you on my account .
finishing it had given her the confidence to approach ted in the first place .
but it does n't seem fair that i should profit from something i did n't make in the first place .
but without this wolf , her career would n't have started in the first place .
` ` why do you have it in the first place ? ''
` ` i never did ask why somebody would take rachel in the first place .
i should n't have called her in the first place .
but was n't that why he 'd uncollared her in the first place ?
besides , they were the reason i was up on the roof in the first place .
i was also reminded that their consciousness collars were why they were here in the first place .
` ` we 're going to do what we came here to do in the first place , '' he said .
her jaw dropped as a memory snapped into place .
` ` i should n't have taken it in the first place . ''
` ` you ca n't ... '' she looked up , those white flashes of fury blinding again as everything suddenly fell into place .
hell , he was n't sure what had propelled her to come to the office in the first place , but he did n't intend to argue .
celia would n't have asked in the first place if there 'd been an inkling jason was already in a relationship .
the burden was his to carry , and it was damned selfish of him to have sought her out in the first place .
luck had played a part by landing him here in the first place .
he mentally kicked himself for bringing up that night in the first place .
` ` besides , you pretty much gave me my liver in the first place . ''
he 'd been wrong to marry her in the first place knowing he would never choose to tell her about his contract work with interpol .
the drive home passed in a blur with none of his regular pleasure in the starkly majestic landscape that had drawn him to this country in the first place .
` ` in the first place , miss mcclellan- '' ` ` please .
how was someone going to turn him from a sow 's ear into a silk purse if they did n't even know how he 'd become a sow 's ear in the first place ?
she was peyton 's teacher , not his ... not someone who should be experiencing odd , decades - old feelings she never should have felt in the first place .
as if she could ever get close enough to him without bolting in the first place .
it was the only thing she had left that proved she had ever been a teacher in the first place .
` ` oh , please , adam , that 's what got me into trouble in the first place . ''
it was the same gesture she 'd completed the day before , when she had skirted the issue of chloe in the first place .
because caroline strode down the gallery ... albeit at a speed that would have put her in third place behind a glacier melting and a sloth awakening .
then it jumped another four places the following week .
she followed up with the conundrum of how something so physical could even be tied to something so emotional - like love , of all things - in the first place .
i mean , not that i ' m much of an art connoisseur in the first place .
even more fluid than the concept of ` ` family , '' which had never been cemented in the first place .
` ` your offer was only to reconsider in the first place , '' she replied without turning around , her voice as quiet as his .
honestly , how had gavin ever gotten any dates in the first place ?
` ` wow , did those ever go out of style in the first place ?
that was probably what had been behind matthias 's driving into town to find her in the first place .
` ` well , barton , '' stephen said now , ` ` had you appreciated kendall 's possibilities , the way i do , then maybe you would n't have lost her in the first place . ''
she 'd gone willingly by opening her mouth in the first place .
like how my engagement happened in the first place . ''
` ` in the first place , no one orders griffin- '' ` ` marcus , is this true ? ''
` ` in the first place , your father is really no longer my employer .
` ` what on earth possessed you to marry a wentworth in the first place ? ''
` ` if you felt that way about him , you would n't be pregnant in the first place . ''
` ` it 's true laney , i do n't know why you were pushing that awesome guy away in the first place .
` ` how did you win rachel 's affections in the first place ?
if it was something he wanted in the first place , it was worth fighting for .
` ` i thought you were the one trying to talk me into this in the first place , '' rafe said with a frustrated sigh .
he did n't care if he was late to a function he had n't been interested in attending in the first place , so why was he continually checking the time ?
if only she had n't gone to the party in the first place .
i 'd be a lot more grateful if neither of you had been shot in the first place .
did n't a few glasses of courage only allow a person to do what they truly wanted to do in the first place ?
` ` sounds ingenious but how will you get me in the papers in the first place ? ''