that 's my place , not f**king yours no matter what some feminist new age f**k says . ''
he considered smashing their faces in just because he knew the type of men they were , preying on smaller women who were too nice to put them in their place .
since she was the only other remaining member of the cruz family besides ethan , and the marriage was taking place on the cruz ranch , it was her place to keep this shindig going smoothly .
it was n't really his place to interfere , but his feet made up his mind for him and soon he was peering in through the screen door into the bunkhouse kitchen .
sophie swung around , her mouth open in shock and fear that she might have overstepped her place .
garrett wanted to make up for that even though it was n't his place , and i wanted to let him .
but she had been hinting - subtly , of course , because he was still her employer and it was not her place - that he might want to consider settling down and starting a family .
isabella oozed confidence , sure of her place .
being one of a few women over the past fifty years to carve out her place in the ` ` good old boy '' network of the corporate world , she 'd learned when and how to manipulate a situation to her benefit .
it was breaking daniel 's heart , but he knew he could n't interrupt ; it was n't his place .
neither one of them heard riasa stomp away , muttering under her breath about the horrible , low - class females that dared to enter a place in society that they were n't prepared to fill .
it was n't her place to judge she knew , but she was honest enough with herself to realize that she did .
-- -and worst of all for erik , everyone knew that when you married him , you were knocked up with someone else 's child , a bastard who does n't know his place -- - '' crimson transformed into the bloodiest shade of red .
even though he and devon were way overdressed and glaringly out of place in the jeans - and - t - shirt crowd , he did n't care and she did n't seem to either .
` ` it is not my place to eat at the same table as my employer . ''
if hal did not want his father to know the truth , then it was not her place to tell him .
like a pile of willing women , amy silently agreed , but it was n't her place to say so .
' you do n't think i ' ve earned my place ? '
a life emptied of any family , she thought , his natural place taken by her and jane .
i spent the first year here sliding into the town , making my place , fitting in . ''
she 'd earn her place on this mountain if it killed her .
in a transformation that both unnerved and enthralled him , the breathtaking young woman coming toward him was a countess fit to take her place in the most glittering courts in the land .
at first , he 'd paid more attention to that bromleigh woman than charise herself , and no wonder - sheridan bromleigh did n't know her place at all .
in lady skeffington 's mind , julianna 's face and figure made her a precious asset to be bartered in return for a more elevated place in society for the rest of the family , and her daughter was sensible enough to know it .
meredith 's father was the only dissenter to that philosophy ; on the one hand , he wanted meredith to take her rightful place in society , on the other , he did not want her corrupted by children whose parents were more lenient than he .
instead of going to some finishing school and devoting herself to showing off for the society pages , she decides that she wants to take her rightful place in bancroft 's hierarchy .
while jason was busily supervising the restoration work , melissa rushed off to london to take her rightful place in society as the new marchioness of wakefield .
` ` i intend to see that countess langston takes her rightful place in society , '' he corrected coolly .
` ` because you are the duchess of hawthorne , and your place is with your husband 's family . ''
` ` on the same morning you we d hawthorne , '' the duchess continued determinedly , ` ` he specifically entrusted me with the task of making you into all you should be , in order that you might ultimately take your rightful place in society .
apparently , he had wished her to become a proper lady worthy of his name and to take a place in society - whatever that meant tenderness swelled in her heart as she raised her eyes to the duchess and softly promised , ` ` i will do as he wished . ''
` ` she 's here because you convinced her jordan wanted her to take her rightful place in society as his wife .
not that she had n't felt guilty about not telling her parents , but it was n't her place .
it was n't my place to pry .
it was n't her place to talk to the director about actor issues so she swallowed the response she wanted to give and let adam speak .
he was afraid of overstepping his place for fear i would change my mind .
` ` since i ' m the literal lucky bastard among you , '' ferruccio said , ` ` i reserve my place as the luckiest among us . ''
as hard as it was to turn away , this was n't his place anymore .
` ` you 're not understanding your place , contessa . ''
she had the children , and apparently their schedules held places in the pantheon .
` ` your place does n't have to mean being treated badly . ''
mikhail 's blood has been mopped up , and he has taken his old place among the corpses .
everything was going so well between them , and it was n't her place to tell him how to live his life .
it 's just a different thing , but both have their place and no one is better than the other . ''
oh , she knew she held a higher place in his interest than his other proteges , but did having lunch a few times a week truly constitute friendship ?
madison did n't find that an effective way to handle life , but it was n't her place to judge .
` ` son , if you were n't ready to come out , it definitely was n't my place to do it for you . ''
` ` it was n't my place to explain .
zoe wondered if the place settings were so intricate on purpose , to test zoe 's breeding and sam 's place within this family .
` ` because the only way to be accepted is to earn your place . ''
but it was n't his place to tell kendall what he thought she ought to do .
we need to rise up and seize our place in the world . ''
there 's a long story here , but it is n't my place to tell it . ''
if it were up to him , eden would be eating a hell of a lot more , but she knew what was best for her and it was n't his place to interfere .
he could n't argue a single point with her because she was exactly right , and his guilt intensified , because she should have been told the truth from the start even though it was n't his place to make that kind of decision .
she was an independent woman though and it was n't his place to criticize where she lived .
tristan stone was very wealthy and far above my place in the world , even if i still counted myself as the middle class person i 'd always been before living on my own .
i wished i had the power to erase all of the pain his heart was going through , but it was n't my place to do so .
it was n't my place to judge her , but i was sure i would n't be able to look at her the same way for a while .
i had already put my thoughts in the poor guy 's head and i felt like reminding him of his place .
i suspected heart disease , but it was n't honestly my place to know or ask .
` ` samuel , have you forgotten your place ? ''
the social hierarchy had a way of reminding people of their place when it came right down to it .
it 'd be tempting now , even fourteen years later , to say i only fought to earn my place so i did n't have to fight anymore . ''
but he 'd decided it was n't his place .
cam was in iraq , keely in denver , colt shared the old andrews place with his mckay cousins .
` ` because it ai n't my place to judge .
and she knew her place all right .
he wastes his time with unnecessary schooling when he should be back in russia taking his rightful place .
` ` it 's time you learned your place , little brother .
julian 's , your mother 's , or your place ? ''
` ` you never could learn your place , speirr .
no doubt the demon thought his place in the destroyer 's esteem was enough to protect him , but stryker knew the truth .
but it was n't his place to demand satisfaction over the demon 's death .
` ` what more has to be done to teach you your place ? ''
it was n't his place to question his master , only to do his bidding .
we have to learn to like ourselves before we can find our place in the world . ''
he might be best friends with her son , but it was n't his place to look their queen in the eye .
i figured it was n't my place to ruin what he had with her . ''
after all , it was n't her place .
it was n't her place to have feelings for anyone .
` ` she must learn her place . ''
i ' ve earned my place here . ''
i would take the mark of cain from you , for it was never your place to carry it .
` ` i can not believe you 're even thinking of allowing them to- '' ` ` you forget your place , husher .
` ` at least she knows her place , '' nan said .
she was but a little thing in this vast world yet she seemed to have her proper place , more surely than she had had in the castle or even in the village .
all were bound to show respect for the princess as she , by custom and law , was bound to her proper and lofty place .
though he did n't understand webb 's reasoning at times , it was n't his place to question an order either .
he had a feeling the man who had sold it to him had taken advantage of him , but that only proved yet again that he was totally out of place here among the rich carpets , tooled mahogany , and good manners .
` ` i am not , '' i whispered , cold , but the thought that trent would soon remember his place among his people weighed heavily on me .
a reminder of what everyone 's place is . ''
with just a few words , he 'd put her back in her place .
it was a reminder of her victory over him , meant to put him in his place .
one day a woman needed to put this man in his place .
his cruel , sneering pitch was meant to intimidate her , to put her in her place for everything she 'd done to paris .
he 'd helped her claim her rightful place .
` ` you earned your place down here .
` ` our much - needed manpower , in order to take erudite headquarters , and an equal place in government , with us . ''
it seems so strange , that two people born in candor could end up in such different places : dauntless , and amity .
it was time to bring him back to our realm , time to take his place among us .
the open room was dimly lit by several wrought - iron candelabras and rustic sconces mounted in between life - sized portraits of men who apparently earned their places of honor by looking or being virulent and brutal .
` ` i did not see him , and if i had , it is not my place to meddle . ''
when did jake start feeling like it was his place to touch me ?
i 'd anticipated being timid and unsure of myself , insecure of exactly what my place would be , but as soon as i saw their faces , i was gone .
` ` i was just reminding your daughter of her place . ''
alice had seen her in the office a few times , and had had little doubt that some fresh braids and an audition wardrobe that did n't feature logo t - shirts and skintight jeans might go a long way to helping her career , but of course , it had never been her place to say .
he wanted to rail at burns , but it was n't his place to object .
they 're forever locked up , forced to observe the world , no matter how much they want to reclaim their place in society , they 'll never be anything more than monsters . ''
coldly , he added , ` ` know your place , ms .
now that she knew her place , now that he 'd made it blatantly clear with that debacle in the very room she was lounging in at that moment , he knew he had her where he wanted her .
she understood him and his duty and she knew her place .
` ` but you do n't understand your place , '' he bit out .
` ` lucien would never thank you and it is n't my place to do it but i ' m going to do it anyway .
` ` and now you understand your place , do you have any questions ? ''
it was n't his place to answer so he did n't .
then set about with no small amount of determination making my place in the world where i wanted to be .
` ` it is n't my place to say , layne , he 's not my son but i ' m having second thoughts about this tripp business . ''
it was n't his place .
then he thought of morrie letting go his place , feb letting go hers and jack and jackie off to florida after dee got settled in .
it was n't that he did n't care it just was n't his place to care anymore , he 'd gotten used to that , he 'd gotten over it and he 'd moved on .
it is n't my place to say but he may need a mature guiding hand as he maneuvers the minefield toward monogamy . ''
she is a servant , i am an aristocrat , she knows her place and i was born to mine . ''
that was to say they were nobles and everyone else were little people and everyone knew their place , stayed in their place and served their purpose .
that was to say they were nobles and everyone else were little people and everyone knew their place , stayed in their place and served their purpose .
he had not , i had just grown into my place in this world and i forgot that it actually was n't my place .
` ` yes , my lover , i will beg to suck your c**k and i will beg you to do other things with it but outside our bed , phobin , hear this and know it , i rule and you come to heel or i 'll find a lover who will play like i like in bed and know his place out of it . ''
as she was no surrogate arranged to provide an heir , although i believe she knew her place , she still expected to enjoy raising the son she bore for her lover .
it was n't her place to be proud but she could n't help it , she was .
growing up , tamsin had been the only bit of warmth in their cold home , save the kilpatricks but they were servants and therefore , it had been drilled into douglas and tamsin at an early age , had their place and that place was not a familial one .
unfortunately , part of being an ashton meant they lived their lives relatively publically and douglas had every intention of putting julia in her rightful place as tamsin 's children 's aunt , and thus a member of the ashton family .
` ` it is n't my place but you should keep an eye on her .
then your mother joined her and i ca n't really say anything to her , because i do n't know her very well and it is n't my place .
it was n't his place anymore as he well knew .
` ` it is n't my place to say , but we all loved darius , we all still do , '' she said , shocking me .
sissy loved him though and put up with it and it was n't my place to say anything .
okay so hank just earned a place on my good guy list too and , as i was being so magnanimous , matt 's angry red face earned him a place as well .
noah got his hands on what was left of the payoff , which set her back to scraping by but somehow she had managed to keep her place .
` ` it 's not my place to say but , i ' m guessing , i was caitlin , i had a brother like you i would n't have gone through what i went through .
what i was n't glad about was knowing , even at twelve , that my father had assumed luther 's elevated place in the crime world .
` ` my place , '' i said through grit teeth , ` ` is not in your family , phoenix . ''
a woman should know her place !
it is n't their place to say anything of that manner .
he should n't have ; he knew it was a bad idea , but he had forgotten his place , and she had stepped directly in front of him .
somebody should teach that woman her place .
not that he would target me , or risk his place under victor , but that if he had to kill me , or torture me for whatever reasons , he would do it without question or protest .
` ` sorry , i know it 's really not my place to ask , but does n't he have a room ? ''
fate had obviously chosen this moment for him to take his rightful place .
clearly deciding that her lofty place in society could only be enhanced by such a fortunate connection , she determinedly forced a smile to her lips as she turned toward jocelyn .
` ` i am marrying lucien because i love him , not to secure my place in society . ''
` ` besides , i never know when i might be challenged by an arrogant were who does n't know his place . ''
` ` when he at last regains his rightful place as the master of this world , i will stand at his side . ''
` ` on this occasion i will have the means to restore my prince to his rightful place . ''
` ` it used to be a woman knew her place . ''
` ` if you wish to return to my tribe , then you must earn your place . ''
` ` i do not know what i dislike more , the sheer conceit of vampires , or females who do not know their proper place . ''
` ` someday you will learn your place , '' he warned .
i would go as far as declaring war on him if it meant regaining my rightful place .
ben was there for me and when he could no longer be there , derek filled that place in my life that you were supposed to fill .
clearly this part of caldwell , new york , was not only worldly , but capable of supporting these triple - h places : high - end , highbrow , high - cost .
the female 's appearance up above had been a mystery of sorts , but she had certainly asked no questions as it was not her place to .
if i could get this right , maybe it would be a step toward earning my place here .
` ` i told her it was n't our place to get involved , but she said she thinks noah would have approved , had he been here . ''
women should know their place . ''
` ` do n't forget your place , meg .
` ` it was n't my place to tell her , '' he sighed .
we all had our rightful place in society , and it was up to us to decide what that was .
we all have our place in the world , and grumbling about it wo n't get you anything but a one - way ticket elsewhere .
everyone had their place , and the only way society could function was if we all respected the system .
it was n't my place to tell her , so i did n't answer .
it was n't my place to speak , but i could n't stop myself .
she does n't know her place , jose had said , the comment an obvious suggestion that manuel should teach her .
she liked the air of authority justine carried , and the high place she held in her family 's esteem .
as of this moment , she no longer worked for ken , so it was n't her place to answer .
but as protective as he felt toward everyone in the community , especially elizabeth 's family because he knew them so well and they had so much influence over marley , it was n't his place to get involved .
` ` you do n't know your place . ''
pray she does not forget her place or she might wind up more of an outcast than ever before . ''
they looked to noah for answers , but it was n't his place to give them .
` ` their place is n't bad .
` ` it was n't my place to make that decision , either , '' she said , but at least her tone of voice acknowledged that she agreed with him .
but kirk had been around for so many years , he 'd already found his place in the family and was unlikely to disturb the delicate equilibrium of relationships .
clearing his throat to give himself a split second to gather his scattered thoughts , he recovered by telling his listeners that it was n't their place to judge whether or not a beggar deserved his current circumstances .
it was n't her place .
they must be brought low , and women today needed to learn their place .
` ` it is n't their place . ''
i decided it was n't my place to say anything .
` ` you condemn us to another war if you insist on not allowing me my rightful place . ''
reminded of her place , she flushes slightly , then dips a begrudging curtsy .
search for answers to the burning question of why she will not let me take my rightful place in mortain 's service .
this situation was just getting more and more out of control , but it was n't my place to say anything to mackenzie , it was hunter 's .
i 'd pay to see the girls that finally put them in their places .
i did n't agree with it , with the secrets and sneaking around , but it was n't my place to force the issue .
` ` definitely tinker bell , but a tinker bell that can flay you with her sharp - ass tongue and put you in your place with a simple look .
when ali married casey , she should have adopted his status in the pack , but she 'd lived among them for too long without a place in the hierarchy to settle into one now , and her challenge rankled .
he 'd made his choice and it was n't my place to come between them ; not that he would ever want me anyway .
i overstepped my place , but it was obvious i was crazy about that kid .
it was n't my place to throw myself at her at the worst point in her life .
even as a grown man , i watched him sit quickly , knowing his place .
i ' m not really sure how the twins made peace with their mother , and it was n't my place to judge or have an opinion .
it was n't my place to know this story .
` ` it is my place , you know . ''
it was n't my place to ask .
it was n't my place to ask her to continue with the lie .
if parker was happy with the way life was , it was n't my place to voice an opinion .
maybe it was n't my place to tell her , but she would kill me if she found out from someone else .
i ' ve earned my place .
how else could i finish myeducation and take my proper place in society ? ''
and if i can use that success to convince the academy to accept me , i could complete my education and take my rightful place in my clan 's firm .
` ` i do n't know who he is , and it is n't my place to ask , but you should know that this disease is easily preventable .
i ' m not old enough to take my place in the hierarchy yet , so who knows where i fit in ?
the ceremony meant that the cub was taking his place in the shifter hierarchy , where he 'd be acknowledged as belonging not only to spike and his pride , but to his clan and shiftertown as a whole .
brian was n't a cub anymore - he 'd come of age and found his place in the hierarchy , but he had continued to live here to help out his mother .
` ` my mates know their place . ''
` ` you need to learn your place , fae - bitch . ''
it 's your body deciding you 're ready to fight , mate , and find your place in the hierarchy .
the day i let my place slip as top mate was the day i died . ''
iona , all those things - the house , the business , whatever place you carved in human society - they do n't last .
` ` if he was so awful , why does he have pride of place ?
take them to your bed and enjoy them , marry the one with the right connections , but above all , keep them in their place .
cameron had sent daniel to cambridge because all the mackenzies had gone there , and he 'd had a place secured there when he was born .
i should do as you wish , because i fit into a certain place in your schemes , and so does mrs . palmer .
` ` it is my place now .
you knew your place with everybody .
` ` your place at the end of the wakeboarding show .
he said and did what i wanted to say and do but could n't because i knew my place or i knew better .
my mother was very conscious of her place in society , always worried about making a good impression on her betters .
no doubt i shall have to keep you tightly muzzled at first , but you will soon learn your place , and if you do n't , why , then i shall destroy you .
it was n't my place to pry , and i already worried enough about one girl who was n't my girlfriend .
it was n't exactly my place .
fairies occupy a special place in the hierarchy of magical creatures .
he told me to shut this sucker up , that hadley would n't be coming back , but the queen wanted her place kept intact for her heir .
i 'd met the queen once before , when she 'd come to my place to tell me about my cousin 's death .
eric could have fought andre , but he chose not to because he wanted to keep his place in the louisiana hierarchy , and also because he might have lost .
nora thought peert did n't know his place ; he was ruining the story 's next phase of life .
but i would n't trade places with him in a million years .
it was n't his place to interfere or step in .
in ferall 's place , he would have paid attention to both .
` ` it was n't my place to say anything .
once i ' m there , lucivar wo n't have any interest in you , and i ' m not going to have a servant working for me who does n't know her place . ''
the bastard had mentioned too many times how distressed hekatah was about the family 's social status being tarnished by whining merchants who had so far forgotten their place that they 'd gone to the queen of draega to complain about a ` ` few '' overdue bills .
was n't my place to be there , so i closed the door . ''
` ` you forget your place ! ''
lady erika tried to i make a place for him in her court .
whatever she was , if she joined with the sadist ... kartane straightened his clothes and smiled.he would n't soil himself with teaching that little bitch her rightful place .
the show is a look at los angeles through the eyes of a former beauty queen struggling to find her place in a town where youth is valued above anything else .
i loved l.a . when i first made my place there .
i ' m sick of switching between my place and mac 's .
` ` i know my place , '' she said , ` ` and we all know this is n't the easiest job in the world .
` ` our time , our place , our rules . ''
` ` and you 'd better remember your place , your age , and where you 're standing , morgan of house navarre . ''
and it was n't my place to deny him that .
it was n't my place to deny ethan , either .
this was a kiss that stamped me as his ; it was the kind of kiss that told cole what his place was .
an escort could never afford to forget his place .
` ` because i just bought you at auction , you 're my slave , and you need to learn your place .
she felt as though she could soar in this position , take to the skies , with leto servicing her from behind and taking her blood , as though she could speed straight to the stars and explode into a fireball of blue light , as though she could take her place among the heavens as in the myths of old .
well , it was n't his place to judge why arthur robillard , great - grandson to jean - pierre , was here in a mortal earth rogue colony .
you 'll take up your place in society in whatever way endelle wants you to begin your service , and you 'll be left alone . ''
his blood starvation had reached a critical point , that place in vampires that put him on the brink of death , wobbling back and forth .
` ` it was n't my place to do so . ''
he was about to say no , he would n't be seeing her the next day , when the street - hardenedwhore , who had probably lost her place in a bordello due to bad temper or excessive alcohol consumption , brushed his hair back off his face with her filthy fingers .
it was n't his place to tell her .
i did n't think i was , but sometimes you can only be made so aware of your place before it makes you angry .
she 's had a long life , a happy one , and if she 's ready to go and take her place as a star in the sky , who am i to hold her back ?
i scan the message , getting the place of the party .
rick refused to let her boot him out of her place in some misguided sense of independence that was flat - out unsafe .
he had women of his own , always willing and never mistreated beyond a simple slap if they forgot their place .
` ` i figured it was n't my place to mention anything and mom did n't need to be upset in her , you know , condition .
he may not be the most creative joe sensitive on the planet , but he knew his job and his place .
and just like a week ago when monica had demanded her rightful place in being there for her sister , she would be in the thick of things now for this sister , as well .
` ` does n't he have his place in albany ? ''
three weeks early for his brother 's wedding ... or just in time , depending on one 's place in this awful triangle , he thought wryly .
` ` it is n't your place to see or not , '' she took two steps and her knees buckled .
` ` slow has its time and place , colin .
but it was n't his place to point that out .
` ` it 's definitely a step up from my place above joe 's . ''
but it was n't his place to spill that truth , nor would he break a promise .
it 's what spencer always did and i thought it was n't my place to change things . ''
` ` i know it is n't my place , maximus , '' phoebe began slowly as she offered a piece of cake to bon bon , ` ` but i ca n't help but think that you deserve better than a wife who weighs your worth down to the ha'penny . ''
true and lasting love that cares not for man 's rank or place in the world : a thing both grand and awful ... -from the legend of the harlequin ghost of st . giles ` ` they say the king himself has put a price upon his head , '' pinkney said chattily the next morning .
unlike many spinsters , she 'd not been made to feel a burden or out of place .
holden and his wife have a place in montana , and trevor lives in aspen .
it mattered little that he 'd already made the big mistake of pointing out he was the man and it was his place to protect them both .
it was n't his place ?
she was his lifemate , a true warrior who believed her place was fighting beside him .
he did shake todd 's hand , but his death - grip reminded him of his place .
to be complacent and take my place within the family .
` ` sydney , it is n't my place to say so , but wo n't the detective be looking for stephen 's car ?
you can take your rightful place and fight against zeus by my side .
come with me- take your rightful place by my side in the underworld .
` ` keith has a place in the quarter .
the guy needed to learn his place - and that place was nowhere near maya .
it was my rightful place , and how dare they not let me cheer !
kejas wo n't like that they ' ve gone a step down in the hierarchy , now being in the place that sventes once had .
` ` my apologies , mother , he does not know his place . ''
did you think to put yourself in his place , or at least higher than you are now ?
it is n't our place to apologize . ''
although it 's not my place to say , i believe ibarra has located the invader and will present you with him shortly . ''
i wanted to ask her what happened , but pedro and cece were yanking to go , and besides , it was n't my place .
this would be a lot easier if you were making love to her and taking your rightful place in the service of our master , chastised magnus .
the white wolf was sure enough of his place that he did n't need to kill akiva .
` ` no , '' she blurted , though it was n't her place to respond .
still , from the age of seventeen on , it was elazael who was the secret self locked inside , and eliza who lived in the open - like the prince and the pauper who switched places : the one elevated , the other dispossessed .
will you choose to stay and be devoured with the sinners when the rest of us rise to take our place in the- morgan never got a chance to finish reading the message , let alone fire off another response .
we didna ken your people , or your place .
' ... and his place shall know him no more , ' ` ` i murmured , wiping the old woman 's intimate parts - surprisingly unwithered ; perhaps she had been younger than i thought - with a damp cloth .
` ` it makes life easier to bear , to pretend that it will not always be as it is , that someone will come and restore you to your rightful place in the world . ''
jamie had his doubts , but it was n't his place to voice them .
according to wayne bradford , cheyenne had her place in hardy 's luck and he 'd always drilled into hardy 's brain the importance of keeping her around .
she 's in a room full of genuine friends who love her for who she is , not what kind of stock she came from or how she can help them rise to a higher place in the world .
but after the news that hit headlines this weekend , i feel as if it is my place to address one of these limitations .
provided nothing untoward happens , sophie lefevre will go back after that to her rightful place . '
she had set me a place , with coffee and cereal .
i have a place in london .
they believed my place was with jake and susan .
i knew the sordid details from being in the thick of everything with him , but it was n't my place to talk about it .
ye 're choosing to lower yourself from a place of high regard to obtain their permission instead of forcing it on them .
he 's demanding a lot of explanations but he forgets his place .
then she remembered it was n't her place to be jealous .
he said , the niggers were getting too uppity and , someday soon , someone would have to show them their place .
ill have you know , graeak said as if he had been insulted , that my students are well - behaved and know their place .
brask did nt think druzeel had a chance and there was danger of him scaring off the mason with stupid questions , but if he failed , it would be a good way to put the annoying young wizard in his rightful place .
knowing her place , she could nt rush things on david , but she needed to get as much as she could on the patch before mike returned from his overseas expedition .
they d cheated him out of his rightful place , regardless of his brilliance .
` ` i think we should try it , '' jenny blurted , momentarily forgetting her composure , and her place .
i would rather see it rot on the ground than allow some amateur to bumble inelegantly in my rightful place as master of this ring .
if you do not grow a pair of balls and take your place in this family , you will be out on the streets .
you seemed scared when we first arrived , yet you obviously have friends in high places even to the king .
but minervar hope is here , a hope of forgiveness , a hope that one day ognods will take up their place alongside all the races and build for a better future .
if those prisoners are willing to work for their place , to obey our rules , ill welcome them with open arms .
still , you have earned your place , a new voice with a west atlantic accent said .
she had nt wanted to remain at the hotel , but she did nt feel it was her place to suggest that she move in with him .
donna toyed briefly with the idea of dispensing with claras job completely , thereby removing her from the temple hierarchy and putting her firmly in her place .
have you forgotten your place , child ?
he was surprised to see jane present , but figured shed earned her place among them .
you re worse than the commoners , at least they know their place .
he still remembered his foster - family , and what she had done , and was overwhelmed by all this , unsure of his place and his judgment and her affection for him .
bahn sensed his mood and waited , and it amused ribeag to remind bahn of his place .
touch me against my will , speak a word that implies you forget your place , and that my blood outranks yours , and i will have you slain under the turan tyrrahn , for an offence against the future honor of my unborn children .
in time , you must realize its your place to subjugate yourself to a higher power .
he felt i had to learn my place as warrior and slave . ''
` ` you needed to learn your place , slave .
he wanted the man to wake up , even though that would mean willard would be in charge , because mr . wilcox made sure his mexicans knew their place .
and shed lost her place , lost her chance to teach because of that blind obedience that permeated mizraim .
one day , he d enjoy putting her back in her place .
but he had a part in the big machine - jim 's part , and that was his place .
and the bright blue gems in her chest would sparkle and shine and announce her place .
we need help to mature as a species enough to take our rightful places among the other species .
noah had only been with the flux about a year , but he had found his place among them .
you forget your place , you repugnant tell me the source of the beacon or damn , i swear you ll be dead before tomorrows dawn !
i mean , do nt get me wrong , they have their place but i ve always found them horribly barbaric .
the rodents have kept their place in the sun for long enough .
you will find the races in space much fairer and determined to do the best for everyone than earths primitive councils and governments , stated mark and that put andrew forster , once the most powerful man on earth , firmly in his place .
indentured servitude with a place of honor on an involuntary basis .
it was nt her right or her place , and she was making me suffer .
it had always been her place to be the strong one .
not my place to question the hand that aims me , the pistol said back carefully .
he seemed almost too happy , in a mildly creepy childlike sense , but it was nt her place to judge .
i have no interest in your secrets , nor would i ever work for a man who resorts to assault and murder in order to gain a place in the world .
we are going to take our rightful place in this land !
i will serve only the high prod and the emperor and do their bidding until death i will respect and follow the tenets of the truuknan i will take my own life before i submit to heresy and treachery i will never forget my place beneath superiors or my position above inferiors i , soldier of the empire , do swear these things .
you would nt dare do nt forget your place , jack .
` ` obviously , '' third put on his best harvard - legacy voice , letting the clerk know her place .
other residents knew chan was here and would be expected to make room for him to find his place in the small society .
he left narae in the city , promising he would return to take her to jdevkladd , where they could live in peace at last , with a respected place in society .
now that he had both , he suddenly found the urge to return to the walls and take his rightful place among the one hundred almost overpowering .
it was n't his job , it was n't his role , it was n't his place .
they possessed the native intelligence for council membership and this task would be a sort of quest to earn their place .
i felt his disgust that i , a woman , would not cower at the sight of him , a man who meant me great harm and wished to show me my rightful place .
james and i had reconciled , and he was the only man i truly loved , but adam was slowly winning a prominent place of fondness and respect in my scarcely populated heart .
while he had it in his hand , he felt it was his place to offer a toast .
those who found a place in a more utilitarian role were nt precisely looked down upon in calderan society , but they were universally viewed as those who had failed to find a way to contribute to the beauty of their land .
` ` after the tene dynasty restored law and order , the mandarin class was restored to its pride of place , gathered together from scattered fragments in a dozen systems- the literati of sual , for example , and the poet - administrators of ghota .
pleroma has n't changed- of course , it has , for all that is must pass and trade its place with all that 's not- but like the sea , it bides .
there place of honor was well deserved .
his choice was also unusual for the hammers were not well liked among most warriors , very few times and in nothing so important was a hammer given a place of honor .
here mankind had a new chance after the war to take a higher place in the existence of things .
kylee offered the first explanation , saying , because , even though i ca nt forgive what she did to lilly , its not my place .
she says , to live a life both happy and well , earn your place and love what you earn like a horse .
forgive me for saying so lieutenant , as it 's not my place , but your wife must be an incredible woman .
instead , well have to go way over to the last book of the bible : and there was war in heaven : michael and his angels fought against the dragon ; and the dragon fought and his angels ( with him ) , and prevailed not ; neither was their place found any more in heaven .
the first option was to toss his place and see if there was anything to steal , but grond could tell seconds after breaking in that that was nt going to be the case .
even though i had truth and justice on my side it seemed a lot of folks around here thought the truth was relative , justice was over - rated and that i had forgotten my place .
you needed merely to look at him to know his place in society .
` ` sounds like a day the gods would cherish , if i had n't usurped their place in the universe 's affections many aeons ago . ''
we shall assume our true place in the hierarchy of naughty , and it will be far above the memory of dag nammit and corsetry overload . ''
` ` your place is with the empire , among the royals .
we have over taken the evolutionary path man was set on , or perhaps have even branched into a new direction all together and have now been thrown to the top of the food chain , we have been given the chance to survive this new changed world and take our rightful place as the alpha species once again .
and here was damoclus lackadaisically allowing him to fall into this completely inappropriate place .
yoda would preach to him about patience and where his place was .
gallows projected himself as the noble and unjustly maligned exile , patiently waiting to be restored to his rightful place , title , and station .
i do forget my place at times , and tend to take advantage and abuse my position of trust , ethics , and authority , by throwing my intellectual weight around at other people 's expense !
perhaps her place was here was well , but all she really wanted was to be away from the saveigni and the endless questions .
he hated to leave his best friend alone under such horrific circumstances , but if he needed time to mourn , it was not his place to intrude .
come forth and claim your place . ''
she was still considered some kind of crazy girl , but she had her place .
it gave cleo every possible chance to put you in what she thinks is your proper place , .. to be blunt in her mind your proper place is under her heel !
but ... '' ` ` but you are content with your place in the world . ''
the bottom line of the milk run is that our lives are all we have so we may as well live them as best as we can and not worry about our place in the hyper - verse .
` ` my daughter singing moon forgets both her manners and her place , '' mouse said .
it is their creed that i must ignore all wifely orders you give me and promptly show you your proper place .
he had smiled , looked down at her , and said , because you do not know your place .
to reprimand me for offering a sarcastic retort to him , which was a sign of disrespect , and a sign that i did not know my place as a woman , and a sign that i thought our relationship more cushy now that he had made his deal with me , he had referenced brynna , because he knew , even after twenty - five years , i still ached for her every day .
knowing my place in the grand scheme of things , i walked back to the shuttle 's cargo area and hung about the crate .
they do not look kindly upon their low place in your world .
he knew his work and he knew his place .
you have all been chosen because you are hard workers and because you know your place . ''
cylena blurted out , so enchanted by the feast before her eyes that she once again forgot her place .
there were also others who had superior abilities , thanks to the watchers ' thoughtful manipulations - the noble lycans , created to be the soldiers of merit and honor , faithfully defended man 's free spirit and his ability to mold the world into one of greatness - so he might one day take his rightful place among the myriad of ascended species in the universe .
` ` sire , the first minister is most gracious to me , but i know my place .
she does not know her place . ''
they work off all their resentments , enjoy all the smug self - satisfaction a young revolutionary would have , and by the time they take their place in the imperial hierarchy , they are ready to settle down into conformity and obedience . ''
dors , who had emerged from the kitchen , said ( before remembering her place in the masculine mycogenian society ) , ` ` that 's fine , graycloud .
after all , i went out to greet the new gardeners when it was not my place to do so .
to all appearances , they should exist randomly , as even speaker earns his place by adding refinements to seldon 's original plan .
arianna must have lost a lot of face in the wake of that - and my ongoing exploits against the reds and their allies would only have made her more determined to show me my place .
pride , that was what odrade saw when she looked at her sisters and their places .
` ` it was n't my place to intrude , '' he said .
the security officer was one of those who 'd come up through the fremen constabulary , winning his place on brains and proven loyalty despite the smuggler ancestry attested by his name .
in other regions , slaves wear a neckband of iron to signify their place .
i do not envy your place , my lord .
she was a royal teoish princess : it was n't her place to complain about the necessities of state marriages .
however you must remember your place , arteth .
they fit an ancient human demand for a parental ( tribal / feudal ) hierarchy where every person knows his place .
humans live best when each has his place to stand , when each knows where he belongs in the scheme of things and what he may achieve .
` ` that 's to remind you of your place , cockboy .
but it was n't her place to judge .
himmel ceaselessly at work both here and at his conapt , seeing to it that the factory rejects got their place in the sun ... what next ?
` ` it is n't my place to judge what you ' ve done .
baby - z2 clings to life as fiercely as his sibling did , determined to take his place among his people .
` ` but attitude alone will not earn your place .
each man has his place .
if he went to war , however , he would have a place .
and do n't forget your place .
shen stood beside him , hesitant , as if not certain of his place .
they 'd left a place for kaladin .
either way , if the sacrifice of a royal daughter to the hallandren was that important , then it still should have been vivenna 's place to go .
he 's the high place steward , head of the scribes .
it was n't his place to be involved in criminal disturbances .
it was n't my place to discuss molly 's violations of the white council 's laws of magic with others .
everything had come down with a smash - all her hopes of the fortune thorin would settle on susan and susan 's child , perhaps while he still lived , certainly in his dead - letter ; all her hopes of ascending to her proper place in the community ; all her plans for the future .
chalcedony called back , circling himself in mid - air , to try and keep his place ; he and the other yellow reapers and middle - weights were in a great mass waiting for their turn to have a go at the camp .
he had gone beyond the world of metaphor and simile into the place of things that are , and it was changing him .
laurence found it comforting : the jewel - encrusted silken robes weighed on his shoulders enough to have made him feel a king in truth and not merely in play - act ; he was grateful to have anything to remind him of his true and proper place .
from my study of machu picchu and other ruins in the remote highlands of the andes , i ' ve theorized that the lowland tribes of the incas did not build these cloud cities but took them over from a tribe that already existed before them , robbing these ancestors of their rightful place in history as the skilled architects of the mountaintop cities . ''
despite carrying this mark of dishonor among the highland people , he had managed to fight his way to a place of respect .
they would eat the fruit of the tree and shine anew , refreshed to take their place again in the circle of yagga 's children .
it was n't his place to question her , to drive this stake through her heart .
still , he knew his place , knew the darker history of his family , of its ties to the true bloodline .
if the indians just knew their place like everyone else did , they 'd all get along fine .
knowing that , duncan gunned the engine and gained a couple of yards , his tires spinning on the sliding sand as he fought to hold his place .
of all the smugglers , pirates , and criminals he 'd known in his years living outside the law , the ones who survived were the ones who knew their place .
` ` that was n't his place .
as to the other orders that were inferior in this visiting of the far realm of spren , the elsecallers were prodigiously benevolent , allowing others as auxiliary to their visits and interactions ; though they did never relinquish their place as prime liaisons with the great ones of the spren ; and the lightweavers and willshapers both also had an affinity to the same , though neither were the true masters of that realm .
neither one knew their place .
` ` if there is a hell , i earned my place in it long ago . ''
it was n't her place to be curious .
she did n't think she 'd ever felt so invested in her identity , and determined to claim her place .
as a nimblytod , high places were his birthright , no matter how long he had lived in the city .
' kindness and courtesy aside , sephrenia , ' the huge god declaimed , combing his beard with enormous fingers , ' art thou yet prepared to serve us all and to assume thy proper place ? '
' it 's my place to go , kalten . '
he was not even particularly subtle about his efforts to put these elene barbarians in their place .
' and thy life as well shall be lost in thy rush to vengeance , sparhawk , and how will thy sacrifice restore my daughter to her rightful place ? '
` ` but i was young and proud , and belgarion - a nobody from sendaria - had pushed you from your rightful place . ''
but what place could a bastard hope to earn ?
theirs was a place of high honor , just below the khal 's own bloodriders , but dany could see the anger in her brother 's lilac eyes .
she was khaleesi , she had a strong man and a swift horse , handmaids to serve her , warriors to keep her safe , an honored place in the dosh khaleen awaiting her when she grew old ... and in her womb grew a son who would one day bestride the world .
the maester was a hundred years old , and a high officer of the night 's watch ; it was not his place to contradict him .
they shall be treated gently and given high places here at court , so long as their fathers commit no new treasons . ''
work hard and mind your place and might be one day you 'll rise as high as me .
a high place at court , knighthood , my sister 's legs opening for you at night , oh , yes , it must have been terrible for you . ''
it took him only three days to earn the place of honor in her nightly prayers .
` ` our place is beside the king , '' ser meryn said , complacent .
pride of place was given to mace tyrell , the lord of highgarden , a once - powerful man gone to fat , yet still handsome .
khal drogo 's kos led khalasars of their own now , and none of them would hesitate to attack her own little band on sight , to slay and slave her people and drag dany herself back to vaes dothrak to take her proper place among the withered crones of the dosh khaleen .
the lord commander emerged from beneath the trees , mounted on his garron between old dywen and the fox - faced ranger ronnel harclay , who 'd been raised to thoren smallwood 's place .
he should join in roslin 's bedding , but is it my place to tell him so ?
` ` every great lord has unruly bannermen who envy him his place , '' he told her afterward .
` ` there was no reason for that , she 'd learned her place ... and had been well paid for her day 's work , i seem to recall .
this is n't her place .
the old knight purpled , but agreed to don his own armor to teach her a woman 's proper place .
joffrey would have seen through her schemer 's smile and let her know her place , but tommen was more gullible .
he might have flayed his face off for some of the things reek had said , before he 'd learned his true name and proper place .
any boy stands five feet tall can find a place in his lordship 's barracks , long as he can hold a spear . ''
he had spent five years with the company , rising from the ranks to a place of honor at toyne 's right hand .
the prince had placed his daughter between himself and the white knight , a place of high honor .
` ` to be sure ... let us pray for a vision from our lord ... '' ` ` satin , show her grace to her place , '' said jon .
he was a knight of westeros , a man of the stormlands and the dornish marches ; his place was in the seven kingdoms , not here upon the sweltering shores of slaver 's bay .
and leathers , castle black 's new master - at - arms , to show the free folk that even a man who had fought for mance in the battle beneath the wall could find a place of honor in the night 's watch .
you will not be surprised to hear that they wish the noble hizdahr to be restored at once to his rightful place . ''
i only hope that the best will happen for you and your brother , even after we establish our place firmly in the republic .
i feel a strange detachment from it all , like none of it is quite real - it 's as if i were exactly where i used to be , a wealthy girl taking her rightful place amongst the republic 's elite .
she could not begin the dissection herself - she was capable of performing it , but she would be horribly outside her place to do so .
` ` it is n't my place to speak to his majesty at all , '' marie - josephe said .
they might have been friends , lucien thought , if they had been born to different families , if they were not kept suspicious of each other , if they were not always in doubt of their places .
mlle de la croix , though she flinched with surprise , kept her presence and her place .
whatever she wished , it was not her place to claim such intimacy with count lucien .
nor could lucien hope to return to his proper place in the king 's esteem .
that he was taking away the noise cure , which the men were n't too happy about and good lord it 's been nice not to hear it yammering for the past six months , but that we should all know our place and remember who we were and that we would make a new home together in preparation for all the settlers that were coming . ''
` ` everyone 's got ta know their place .
he remembered how the captain had patted him on the shoulder when the brigade departed , and how the simple gesture had filled him with a sense of affiliation , as if for the first time he deserved his place among the men .
barbarossa said , as he applied the soothing ointment on jacks wound , and tried to soothe jacks heart as well you will definitely have your rightful place .
i could have been the powerful master of halloween world.not a titular pumpkin king , but the true lord of halloweenthats my rightful place , something i truly deserve !
we can get mated like we always wanted and you can take your rightful place by my side . ''
you have secured your rightful place among us .
it was nt my place to tell , grace .
you do nt know me , he concluded , making it clear that she was not privileged enough to be granted the lofty place of the woman he shared food with .
it was moving towards her , leaving its place among its fellows , arising from its ancient slumber , grinding and roaring its hatred of life and all living things .
its strange to me that he is willing to allow me , someone much younger and less experienced , to have a higher place in the pack .
i m right and you understand your place .
i felt like showing my place with him and that would be my fist in his face .
you have earned your place in the auburn fields as well as the plantation .
pseudo - dominant to him or not , it was n't my place to second - guess his plan , so i nodded in all of the right places and a few hours later found myself sitting with james in a dusty corner of the ambush warehouse as the sun went down .
` ` it looks like you ' ve finally learned your place . ''
it was n't my place to interfere with his efforts at atonement .
i started all this because i could nt stand my place in society !
i know its not my place , rika , but your mother is eclipsed .
i could nt stand my place in society .
the freedom to fight your place in this world , the freedom to release yourself from your pain , the freedom to be ... free .
instantly i feared i had overstepped my place and asked something i should nt have .
we must see what we can do to put her in her place , must nt we .
do nt worry , i do know my place .
but then , maybe it was my job to create my own perfection , take my place in society , and fill in the slot that had been made for me and do it in a proper and pleasing way .
i m sure we were all just glad that ash would be able to secure a noble place in concord society .
she will have to learn her place or suffer the consequences .
you see , i know my place on the high school food chainthe hierarchy , if you willand i stay there , i live there happily , thankfully , and do nt pursue anything higher .
so no one man is able to look down on another man - and , it is no man 's place to feel inferior to another .
not my place to tell , he said unapologetically .
the darks wo nt be pushed down by humans , they ll enslave them , put them in their right place .
i have eaten it many times , and here i stand , full in my knowledge , sure of myself , my place , my lifeand i understand both obedience and pleasure .
it was a rather ugly slab of a building that somehow looked like it was trying to muscle in on nature and take its place in the sky .
i do nt really know that its my place to say anything , i finally said as i reached around and untied my apron .
in grimdins eyes steven saw a hunger for war that he d only read about in stories back in amberhill , as if there was something he did not know , something that mad grimdin yarn to prove his place in his world .
i am your son and i deserve to have a place among the people !
he did nt like how they were speaking about him , but ash knew his place and stood quietly .
zisa did n't know her place .
in fact , she hated to see it , men were supposed to be strong and dominant - not women , although leanne herself was a strong woman , she still believed that men and women had their place and this was nt it .
i was in such a low place after caroline got married .
its not my place to say , but i said some harsh things to her about it , and now she wo nt speak to me .
as much as his defiant sinful life infuriated her , she had to admit that it was nt her place to punish or judge him .
they have always been sweet to her and never act snobby , but they ve always looked a bit out of place in this small texas town .
shell give up and learn her place .
i am forgetting my place .
but it was nt my place to tell her that .
undesirables , the unproductive , those who do not know their place - all the leftovers discarded by a well - fed spronger - are no longer welcome .
it was n't my place to say anything .
it was n't my place to judge , but it all seemed very faux .
you will take your place , where you belong as a servant .
he certainly was out of his place then .
i bit my tongue right after i said it , and i know it was nt my place to say it ; but sometimes that old me shines through , blaringly actually , and she does stuff she should nt .
and because heaven on earth was destroyed by eve , who ate the forbidden fruit , all women must take their place behind men !
everyone knows their place , stefi said , still pacing restlessly and feeling like a general before a great battle .
it was nt her place .
how quickly the yes man had forgotten his place .
all who come here start off as you do , and they start off earning their place .
you will learn your place , or it will be forced on you .
why me , why always my place !
that is not my place .
` ` know your place , shanholtz .
my true calling my proper place is in the heart of london , with its marvelous cacophony of fine cuisine , of political intrigue , of clandestine meetings and tumultuous galas .
if you had only listened to me when i tried to convince you of the best way to deal with the human trash , i would nt have had to go to such lengths to ensure my place in this kingdom .
it was my fault to have let my ego grow too large and it was right for her to remind me of my place !
you will find your place once i tell the emperor of this incident !
he is just like me , right down to name and place in the family order .
those that dare insult you should be reminded of their place . ''
my wife will know her place , one way or another . ''
yet lamartan still envied his brothers place .
i do nt like your attitude , marlo , remember your place !
i can already hear him saying that a woman must know her place in the sight of god and in her community , and that she s required to submit willingly .
` ` if you ca n't figure it out , it is n't my place to say , '' answered laura in a whisper of her own .
he wanted to involve himself in something that was n't our place to meddle in , and i wanted to leave well enough alone .
if shed known how he felt she might not have said anything , but i still did nt feel like it was my place to tell her .
its not really my place to tell .
she came nose to nose with me and said , you need to learn your place and stay there , probationer .
the demon you would have raised would have been no different than the cattle we slaughter for our sustenance lacking in reason , and unfit for its place in the hierarchy of species .
they started to get a sense of the way in which everything in this great ecosystem had its own part to play ; that all the plant life , from the smallest shrub to the tallest tree , had its place in the hierarchy .
you might be a smooth motherfucker with the crack heads but do nt forget your place .
you can tell you 're not gay by your place . ''
ill grab you a soda , i said , feeling like a prude ; the kid was probably seventeen or eighteen , but it was not my place to buy him a beer .
you forget your place .
whatever their future now held , it must take its place , second in line , behind what he needed to do .
why could nt her mother understand she had to make her place in junior high , this was nt elementary school any longer .
everybodys got their place , we all have our place in the great flow of things ; we just have to allow ourselves to be pulled there .
everybodys got their place , we all have our place in the great flow of things ; we just have to allow ourselves to be pulled there .
he had spoken ill of anthea to him , called her proud and guileful , unaccepting of her place as a docile wife .
here he saw its descendant , no less worthy of a place in royal courts , no less deserving of life and privilege .
still , he remained convinced that one day he would take a grand place in the scheme of things , and set about to serve that purpose by serving only his own ambitions .
this is nt about anyone keeping their place .
eddie should demand his right , his place , his share .
do nt forget your place .
` ` you know , we do n't even know your full name , '' jake said then suddenly felt embarrassed , almost ashamed of his place , now that janet was standing here .
but it was nt his place to second - guess his superiors and he was interested to see how the exercise would play out .
like mary , however , rebecca knows it is not her place .
her fashionable dress boasted social conservatism and attested to the fact that not only did she have money , but she occupied a place in high society .
i guess it 's not my place to know jim lives in london now , an ocean apart from me .
it did n't suit him but i felt it was n't my place to say , what with rachel there as well .
blood covenant has people in high places .
but she had her place .
i do nt want any of you forgetting your place , as it were .
` ` you forget your place , little brother . ''
we shall reclaim our fates and our rightful place among the petty humans .
if he were , it is nt your place to know .
confucius taught that rulers should govern by the example of their own moral virtue , not by force ; the emperor at the top should use the family as the model for the nation , each member knowing his or her place , each obeying those above them and treating with compassion those below .
that his family name would be spoken with honor and reverence and he himself would be elevated to a place of distinction few of his people could hope for .
you ve found your place little geeza , cooed the one on my left , reaching up and stroking my cheek with a soft , fragrant hand .
i did nt give you your rightful place .
going back over the mornings events , he knew he had done what he could ; his enquiries could not raise anyone in the house next door too marion 's place either .
in the old south negros knew their place .
things were easier to control back then because negros knew their place .
and as the continued details of grey cliff continue to be sorted and analyzed , obama decided to focus his speech on the authorities conclusions that have pointed towards american unity rather than american divineness , as he stated , over two hundred years ago the people of the american colonies banded together to fight tyranny and oppression , and though greatly outnumbered , vastly undertrained , and highly outgunned , these men and women , a rag tag assortment of farmers , laborers , and aristocrats alike , united in mind and spirit to achieve a revolution of both place and ideas .
but it was n't my place to educate them , unless they crossed that line and had to learn their error the hard way .
benjamin knew that , like so many others , his father was a pragmatist , who did not bother himself with what should be , but only with what was and was grateful that his place was relatively good in the scheme of things .
never ask personal questions , never interrupt , never argue , do not divulge details of your life history , be polite to a fault , but if you seek success in private service you must always remember your place and that means you keep your distance and you do not engage .
you , my son , must reclaim your rightful place .
` ` you forget your place . ''
` ` you forget your place .
the look benjamin shoots her in this instant is one of such magnitude , such withering hatred and sheer incomprehension as to why she would feel it her place to speak up in such a matter , that she carries this with her to this day as the primary catalyst that sent her packing .
we all know that shirley here will debate until he 's blue in the face that art deserves a higher place than science .
that s not my place to say .
speaking your mind may have its places , but to ignore the effect on those around you is selfish .
its not my place to you may have even gone further and say that many fathers of black children are in jaildespite what xavier prince and a house in chains has been able to accomplish .
i m sorry , i should nt have at least you know your place now .
i know that its not my place to say , but you need to know that your son forgives you , i said .
frank was sure whatever was beneath sought his place among the men .
i feel like a woman who has lost her place in the castle of your mind .
i m master of the temple after all and you d better know your place !
the only thing that happened to him was the scar left on his face , a scar to remind him of his place .
i like using it , it sounds cool ; d - u - t - i - f - u - l. anyways , momma seems to be pretty old fashion , i mean she knows her place .
when i ask her why she does n't give daddy a piece of her mind , or why does n't she stop him from doing or saying mean things ; she says things like : ` ` now jessica , a wife knows her place .
in a marriage and a family the wife has her place and the husband has his .
he slowly shut the door and puffed up his chest saying something to the order of : ` ` alright now that ever'one knows their place we can get somethin ' done . ''
or take a place in malibu .
and if we work together , i m prepared to let you and your people a high place when everything settles .
what i know is that vitori wants to give each country their place and sieb wants the us to control everything in private .
it would not be long before the temptation to cross town and ascend to her rightful place overcome eun - hae .
garnet had envisaged this as a private moment , one for him to quietly celebrate his personal triumph , to be witnessed and shared only by his attendant martin , whom he felt would have more than earned his place at this small moment of history , by the undoubted physical exertion it would cost him to manually propel a man and a wheelchair over a third of a mile into the sky .
there was a clear social order , with the sharecroppers at the bottom and the merchants at the top , and everyone was expected to know his place .
the men talked about niggers in general , and chewed red man and sipped whiskey , and reminisced about the other days when niggers knew their place .
` ` our place , bitch , '' he said , quietly .
` ` we have our places . ''
those terms included putting oddjob and any other korean firmly in his place , which , in bond 's estimation , was rather lower than apes in the mammalian hierarchy .
` ` it 's not my place to say it , mister james , but ye 're poisoning yersel ' . ''
and you will be accepted : so long as you remember your place . ''
in retaliation , cynthia put a sign on her desk that read : a woman 's place is in the house ... and in the senate .
it was his mother , a tiny woman holding a place along the fence .
he doubted china wanted war any more than he did , but what was the difference between a submarine commander so angry he was ready to fire a torpedo and an outraged hard - liner in a high place with his finger on the nuclear trigger ?
a consummate survivor , he had kept a place in the zhongnan - hai compound , either in the state council or in the party itself , through mao and mao 's various successors - through the cultural revolution and its dismantling , through massacres and crackdowns and reforms and a thousand ideological course corrections .
this was one problem he never had to deal with when he was an mr military police dealt with people who had no need to establish their place .
it was n't his place to decide such things .
selected men in extraordinarily high places were shown incontrovertibly that a new force had invaded kingston , a force so powerful that wall street and whitehall would tremble at its presence .
give place ; i get to you , mon . '
` ` i would n't want you to lose your place in connecticut . ''
she knew her place , he 'd give her that .
they were arrogant , drunk with power , and they really did n't know their place .
she had had a mother who was wealthy and who had held a prominent , place in lawrenceton society , and jane had behaved as though she herself had neither .
' you must learn your place . '
` ` so , dara , '' i said , ` ` why 'd karen lose her place in this apartment ? ''
it 's about you forgetting your place and stepping out of line .
` ` it is his place .
she 'd learned her place years ago , and after all , it was n't as if he could be held accountable for where his mind went when he was sleeping .
` ` it probably was n't my place to do it , '' she said .
` ` the female you had the audacity to coddle after i 'd put her in her rightful place . ''
it was not a terribly kind thing to do to a girl , but her mother had been so afraid for her , and it had not felt like magnus 's place to refuse .
and when the family is restored to their proper place , you will be honored as a great hero . ''
` ` you need to learn your place , goyle , '' al said , and i jerked when his eye twitched and bis thumped to the carpet , unseen but wheezing in what had to be shock and pain .
and even though starla could be stubborn and childish at times , she clearly worshipped the man and knew her place .
her coming - out ball was pronounced a resounding success by those who cared to pronounce such things , and she took her place in society that spring .
you know he has earned his place in our world .
he had denied a sibling relationship with her , ordered her around as if he had the right and she had not earned her place within their family unit .
do women hold so low a place in your estimation that you ca n't be bothered to learn their names ? ''
his woman would learn her place and every security measure he could think of for her .
we can defeat the hunters and come out of the shadows to take our rightful place in the world .
i understand that my elder brother has since taken his place among our kind .
cullen stared sightlessly at the food on his place .
` ` tonight , i am seizing my rightful place as master of all mankind and breed alike , '' dragos went on .
once you accepted your place , once you mastered the pursuits deemed manly enough by a culture still mired in the past , you were rewarded for your trouble with jealousy and bitterness because your old man suddenly saw in you the passing of his own youth .
she spoke the question before she 'd had a chance to decide if it was her place to ask it or not .
and she knew it was n't her place to intrude on discussions or activities taking place between him and his diminished crew .
teach that uppity bitch a lesson , put her in her fuckin ' place . ''
` ` you never did learn your place . ''
the only reason inderlanders and humans could coexist was because everyone knew their place in the social order .
everyone knows the rules and knows their place .
everyone has their place , right ?
the lines of his face were anxious , and , just like that , matt 's picture of stefan as someone too old , too out of place here , snapped .
` ` see , it 's not unusual for breedmates to feel confused and out of place in mortal society .
you forget your place , jacob .
he does n't understand his place yet .
everyone had a place in the world , and his place had once been among the nobility .
take your place among your people .
but harkat had been firm about his wishes , and i knew it made more sense to go to vampire mountain and take my rightful place in the hall of princes again .
why did your master go to such great lengths to convince you of your place ?
` ` when it comes down to it , no matter how much we love our ladies , we love them best by remembering our place .
i 'll take care of reminding him of his place .
` ` my lady , i know my place .
between heaven and hell , you had your place .
around , and if we circulate the story that lady ulma has been restored to her rightful place , and if everyone wants to know about her - we 'll get invited to parties !
i was not anything but this mortal man , sitting here in the smothering warmth of the cafe , drinking this coffee - ah , yes , nice - tasting coffee , of course - and munching on the sugar doughnuts with no hope of ever regaining his glorious place in the dark elohim .
he does not know his place . ''
his lips pulled into a tight smile , she could feel it as he pressed his face to her cheek , ` ` perhaps your fellow humans did n't bother to tell you your place , but you will learn it .
` ` your majesty , '' guive pleaded behind him , lifting a finger as he spoke , ` ` i thought she needed to know her place .
he would make sure she remained chaste and pure so she could take her rightful place with the angels .
we should take our rightful place as superior beings .
put the cold , uppity bitch in her rightful place , eh ?
and you w 'll learn your place or we wll see you dead ... . '' chapter 11 the raven left nick and flew up to the sky , then vanished as it was summoned away from new orleans .
` ` it better not be , and you 'd do well to remember your place , nekoda .
was his father still trying to kill him and regain his place as the single malachai ?
mind your place . ''
perhaps i should have been delighted that anthony seemed to be coming out of that dark place he had been in for the past few months .
rhun would have helped the small girl carry such a burden , but elisabeta would never allow it , considering it not his place .
` ` charlotte needs to learn her place , '' he snarled .
it 's going to help me finally take my rightful place in this town . ''
` ` it is n't my place . ''
you have achieved your place , but the rest of us are not as lucky .
` ` do not forget your place , child . ''
after decades of being subjected to the evils of the dominae , you may finally take your place among your true family . ''
giguhl was a grown demon , and it was n't my place to hover like an overprotective stage mother .
she 's still establishing her place , and of course losing a loved one , especially so young , it can mess with your head .
to him , i was a mongoose and my place was with clan nimble , because that 's the way it ought to be .
the tenseness of the past hour had taken its toll on me , making me so glad to see someone i trusted that i left my place to greet him .
depending on their place in her hierarchy , he granted it .
still , it was n't his place to enlighten .
not only had he inadvertently threatened elder nelson with multiple weapons , but he had also put the elder in his metaphorical place in the hierarchy .
this was a stressful situation , and a wolf like hank emitted dominance constantly , always fearful of losing his place in the pecking order .
it was time to reclaim their rightful place in the scheme of things .
other packs would follow his lead and his kind would take their rightful place in the world .
you ready to give up your place in montana ?
you have usurped my rightful place by treachery .
` ` you earn your place here , '' ming said .
was n't his place to push or demand .
` ` it is n't my place to '' -he hesitated again- '' speak up . ''
` ` it was n't my place to tell him .
not that it nullified the fact that it was n't her place to tell .
it was n't her place to ask , but ... ` ` what did holiday say ? ''
the man had gotten what he deserved , but it was n't her place to judge or decide that .
no matter how well the prince treated her , she was a blood slave , she should know her place .
this was just one more way for him to humiliate her , and put her in her place .
sebastian might be taking his rightful place within the ranks of the venators , but max no longer could .
despite the charm of his openly self - deprecating tone and his informal amiability , she had no desire to tutor him into his place in society .
' it 's my place to wear this now .
' hold your place and do not contradict your betters . '
` ` they were teaching me my place , you see .
` ` 'cause for all his fancy clothes and fine mannahs , he is nothin ' but a low - down dirty field nigra who do n't know his place , and he knows that if he so much as lays a finger on you , his so - called ass - so - ci - ates would get a rope and string his black ass up faster than you can sing ' nigra in the woodpile , do - si - do , ' business partners or not ! ''
both had their place in this world probably , it just was n't supposed to be in my apartment , at inconvenient hours , while tara stole money from me i did n't even have and chipped away at my dignity .
she was trapped , not only by her addiction but by her privileged place in society and her son 's very public career .
you were not unnatural here ; lower , yes , but you had a place .
i know terrell means i ' m stepping out of line , that i ' ve ignored the power structure here in bellmont , that i should know my place or else i 'll be reminded , but i do n't really care about all that right now .
` ` know your place , mcmanus .
still , it was our place .
in the grand foyer , their footsteps echoed on the marble floor , despite the gorgeous rugs and wall hangings that nina had sold to caroline at cost , earning her a place in steve ' : penny - pinching heart forever .
i got to be specially watchful that this elizabeth do n't dump a pot of tea on my new clothes to teach me my place , as if i do n't know my place already , so when she comes up to me to pour me a cup , i got my napkin on my lap and i ' m ready to spring up and out of the way if i see some unwanted liquid comin ' my way .
he never had to prove himself to anyone or put anyone in their place .
i want to earn my place and learn everything about the politics and ... whatever else . ''
he had given up his place in his own world for her , and he was asking that she wait for him in marrakesh .
they never let you forget your place , and every action was doused with pain .
but it 's not my place to say it , especially because i ' m not sure he 'll react in the right way .
but standing under those bright lights , i could see that somehow , in the last few months , zach and i had changed places .
maybe she is destined to be our first international graduate and take her rightful place among her majesty 's secret service with mi6 . ''
` ` hazel was your best friend , marianne , and if- '' ` ` it was mrs . hale 's fortune , '' the maid said , special emphasis on the words as if her brother had grown too comfortable and needed to be reminded of his place .
` ` you never learned your place , scooter . ''
you 're going to make me lose my place . ''
remember that , because the next time you forget your place , i 'll remind you with my blade . ''
maybe i ' m being nosy and it is n't my place , but i just want to make sure you 're up for that . ''
i swallow hard , not sure if it 's my place to be the first one viewing these mogadorian translations , but clicking yes anyway .
` ` one day , '' says hilde , ` ` you will take your place among them as a great hero to our people .
i knew i was being an idiot , but i did n't care : without thinking twice , i gave up my place at the back of the line and rushed over to help him .
he will , however , answer in like manner if i sign to him ... after waiting a moment or two to remind me of my place .
` ` it is my place ; i ' ve earned it . ''
william , your place is wherever the good lord decides it is .
` ` if it ai n't a jumped - up ship 's boy what ai n't got no notion of her place , and never did . ''
now that the crowds had thinned , shacey moved closer to me with a look on her face that said my place or yours ?
but it was n't my place to tell people .
there were so many other things emily wanted to ask about violet , but maybe it was n't her place to know .
but instead she was stuck here , with her father moving in with his new family - his replacement wife , isabel , the ex - er nurse who was n't nearly as pretty or interesting as hanna 's mom , and his perfect stepdaughter , kate , who 'd taken hanna 's place in her dad 's heart and who hated hanna 's guts .
tight - knit cliques cropped up literally overnight , and everyone knew their place .
he was right ; i 'd earned my place .
that had earned him a special place .
but it was n't my place to speak for her .
you are absolutely nothing to me and you need to learn your place .
` ` i think you are the one who has forgotten his place , '' kiran took the challenge and another step forward , both boys eyeing each other with menace .
the necklace was a reminder of my place in royal society , or lack thereof .
besides it was n't my place to be worried about her , she had made that abundantly clear .
i was n't going to say anything , it was n't my place .
` ` i suppose that gained him his rightful place then ? ''
to assume your place among your people , you must prove you can grow out of love , and shed it like a snake loses its skin .
` ` the deserter has n't quite learned his place , has he ? ''
it hurt him to see her in such pain and he wanted to make it go away , but knew it was n't his place .
emma was ty 's , and as much of a crusty , stinky jockstrap as he was , it was n't my place to kick him to the curb .
it was n't her place to ask questions .
mr . smythe lets me stand there a full half hour , i assume to show me my place , till the first bell is gently rung and then he says with acid contempt , ` ` very well , junior officer of the watch , let us throw the log . ''
i bow to the captain - i think a curtsy would be a bit out of place here - and recite , in french , the little speech i had made up for these occasions to try to tone down my growing reputation as a bloodthirsty pirate .
a real man showed a woman her place .
the black skirts with matching vests and white blouses are easy to cut and to sew , and the tight barmaid / milkmaid costume shows that we know our place - no fancy empire dresses here - and it sets us off from the other crews , who tend more to the flouncybouncy sort of thing .
they 'd always been around , but they 'd been overshadowed by the vast hierarchy that had tried to keep them in their place .
and if , when your minor canon comes back to you , you do not bow yourselves before him , put him in the highest place among you , and serve and honor him all his life , beware of my terrible vengeance !
but then , disreputable , angry , once - noblewomen had their place too , and whether rob wanted it or not , i would always stand between him and gisbourne .
it was n't his place to intervene .
they do n't share their schedules with me , and it is n't my place to ask .
it is n't my place . ''
` ` a turncoat who neglected his family and sold his honor to preserve his place at court .
last week , allison and brittany kept her busy running errands , but with brittany gone , she was sitting with the teflon crew , though she did n't seem sure of her place in the social hierarchy .
they promised that if someone took admetus 's place in the gloomy world of hades ' domain , he would live . ''
every day , the lowest wolf , a sickly thing with a running eye , was reminded of his place .
the stick is n't long enough to touch him , but it 's got a length of red leather fixed to the end , and it snaps to remind him of his place .
the only thing that 's said is when gabe turns his face to tommy and asks , ` ` your place ? ''
i have earned my place here .
most of these creatures would be long dead by the time this babe had grown up and taken her place in the world .
on a day such as this , with the chief missing and a dark presence abroad in the realm , his place was with his folk .
` ` i do n't know where you came from or whether the world deserved to be spared , but it seems that choices were made whilst i slept and i will accept them , for i had forsaken my place .
i ordered paimon to undo all the damage his legions had caused and , while they rebuilt the world , paimon brought me to a high place .
johnny really wanted to talk to nancy , but he did nt want to give up his place in line .
they liked things done the old way ( it was only in 1952 that they reluctantly allowed electricity to be installed in frampton hall ) , and nigel loved it , he knew his place and readily accepted it .
i suppose that is because the model has n't significantly changed in decades we still treat medicine as we did in the 1800s when the family gp held an exalted place in the community and made house calls .
i am sorry if i have overstepped my place .
although , as he reached for the door wulfstan was no longer sure what his duty was , after all slade had relinquished his place in the royal line .
midnight , the blackest of the pair , was a hellion and , more than once , sidney 'd had to set him in his place .
` ` that little filly could set half the county in their place and not even half try . ''
you seem to have some friends in high places , i hear , he continued , as he poured ice water into a glass and handed it to his guest .
i ask , because while slings have their place on the battlefield , they are not the most effective projectile weapons .
~ it was a hot day in mid - august when the lady grace was finally ready to slip free of her bonds and again take her rightful place on the sea .
or was he somewhere between both of those places , the arrogant and sometimes horrible , but equally sometimes courageous and loyal lawyer and part - time treasure hunter .
that night nab learned about the resistance , a group of concerned citizens in high places , who were trying to organize an army to overthrow the queen .
after all , you ve got connections in high places , do nt you , young muck ?
` ` you ' ve finally learned your place , have n't you ? ''
rakkel ranted on how his father needs to learn his place as a citizen or how alex needed to disappear so he would nt disappoint him further .
its not my place nor is it right for me to tell you this , but you need to understand something you re clearly blind about .
the credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena , whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood , who strives valiantly , who errs and comes up short again and again , because there is no effort without error or shortcoming , but who knows the great enthusiasms , the great devotions , who spends himself for a worthy cause ; who , at the best knows , in the end , the triumph of high achievement , and who , at the worst , if he fails , at least he fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who knew neither victory nor defeat .
that did nt mean that he was an actual army major but it did give him a place in the hierarchy .
i have committed sins against the empire , and once i have atoned for them , i will be restored to my rightful place .
denny , its not my place ; but you ca nt keep coming in so late , what s going on with you ?
keep your place .
among these big wigs one particularly important looking man stood out who clearly had a very large fortune and occupied a particularly elevated place in society .
but make sure you keep your place in the scheme of things mystic .
valerie , i think you have earned your place here .
oh interested in his place then .
so , you find your place , princess ?
if a vampire has in her family a very powerful set of wolves then her family will be accorded a higher place in the hierarchy .
if their father had nt shared his secret with ruth , it was nt her place to tell .
this may be a factor in how you guys managed to attain such a high place without constant airplay and a top of the pops appearance .
the best support bands i ve seen are the ones who know their place .
someone in a high place does nt like you .
no longer the needy , miserable , sister shed been only months before , she now carried herself with a quiet confidence and a security that she said knew her place in the world and was content .
he knew nothing of her familys affairs ; who was he to tell her where her place was ?
ai nt my place to talk about it , said raine .
the desire to see his child rise to prominence drove him to brutally beat arbicos until he had attained his place amongst the athenian ranks , even then he showed no sign of recognition to his son .
while my mother had lovingly encouraged me to adopt the white mans waysher waysso that i could find my place among them , her death left me alone with my grandparents , whose reasons for wanting me to adapt were quite different .
well , you are not bad either ; we can have a good time together , mistress , know your place , dog , said lucy , smirking .
but its not my place to say .
bart was never one to back down from a challenge and he had nt risen to the place he had once held in the guild by being squeamish .
she knew it was nt her place to say a word about what ethan now held , but she felt fates power bind her from speaking of the danger contained with the egg .
she had to let this other woman know her place .
this earned the human beings a place .
you should remember your place !
it was his place to stand apart , to remind them all of their place , and thus his own .
this is nt my place among you , anyway , he recovered .
it gives them wrong ideas about life and makes them lose their place .
~~~ henry thought killing the werewolf would coax cael out of whatever dark place diego had forced on him , you know , take control over your environment , that sort of shit , it always worked for him , but apparently cael was wired so completely differently , the successful hunt had little impact .
the place card designates your place at the formal affair of suppertime which is based on alphabetic order of your class .
he had a penchant for dancers , the kind that looked great , spent money but required little conversation and less attention , once they had learned their place .
moms milk is available on a first come , first serve basis and there are more of us than there are places to get it from , so my place last in line was established at the outset .
meet chaiko the shaman of the standing - rock clan , corrigan had said , taking his rightful place among us .
but the upstart chaiko needed to be shown his place .
it would be prudent to remember your place , soldier .
i knew the sisters were for certain at the doings ; and their place was the closest .
any laird worth his chariot knew that this was half the point of battle ; to show off ones glorious might and remind the peasantry of their place .
if you ca n't handle a couple of cheap tricks like the gnat rat , then you ' ve no place being here ! ''
sir nickleby knew his place , yet he sometimes had to stretch the boundaries a little bit .
for those jobs , people are rotated in and out based on their place in the pack hierarchy .
you do nt need to remind me of my place , jonathan .
shed had a place in their circles once .
this strange man had spoken the truth , but as if it was not his place to want answers .
although he himself was being shabbily treated , it was in his own interests for humvat to succeed and earn enough money to get them both to their rightful place in hollywood .
lily huffed , sir , let me assure you that the senior lord ronigan will hear about the poor manners you have displayed , and i hope that he will not spare in his efforts to teach you your proper place among your betters .
as a result , everyones place had remained low , except their own and those of their imperial enforcers , of course .
he would try to force her to be something she could never be , insist that she learn her place , follow his rules , be his toy .
if the order did not need you as a soldier , i would find you a top place in the hall of understanding .
you , jaret rammeriz , will regret the day that your ambition outgrew your place . ''
you , traitor rammeriz , will kindly take the blame for all of the empires failures and serve as a public display of what happens to those who betray the order , to those who rise too far , who do nt know their place . ''
though there are few women with the gift , we have our place .
now you know what torture awaits those who outstretch their bounds , those who do not listen to their betters , those who do not know their place .
do not think to tell me my place or to order my sons .
krek landed and snapped at sorcas neck feathers , remind her of her place .
everything has a place and i do n't know what that is .
` ` do you want to earn your place ? ''
he drawled in her mind , his mental voice taking the purr he 'd always used with her before , in astral , ` ` you will never forget your place . ''
this time , she did not need reminding of her place .
someplace nice and peaceful where we will get married and bear children ; maybe someday return and claim my rightful place i can not tell you what to do but my lady please think this thoroughly , i will pack and be ready to leave with you if you say the word .
that would put queen demetris in her place , where she actually belonged .
there may be some pupils who will give an honored place to their old tutors but most turn on their heel the moment their scholarship is done .
he held a place of importance , had a wife and was expecting a child .
he had no wish to be consoled , held no thoughts about forgiveness and knew his place in society was set .
he says there is no need for a war and that we should know our place as slaves to the lord of veredor .
two years younger than jaidyn , zanthys held the place that should have been jaidyn 's , not to mention the romantic interests of half the young women in morena .
they were the sons of the richest and most influential men in the village and felt it their duty to keep those they saw as their inferiors in their place .
they are populated by the privileged but not always the knowledgeable , the riches of their pompous mothers and fathers securing them a place .
the king will look the other way if ye keep your business enterprises small , but become too ambitious , and e will be forced to remind ye of your place .
well , if that 's the case , i 'd have to say the experience of watching my youngest child squander his intelligence and talent by refusing to accept responsibility and take his rightful place in society is n't really for me , either .
she did not hold with the religion herself , but felt quite sure geisha girls would be considered out of place here .
yet what , among the perfect , can you do to recommend a higher place for you ? ''
you forget your place , girl , dardan said hotly .
but it was not her place to object , here in front of so many nobles .
i d noticed i d been a little cocky about fitting in my size nine jeans again and figured a bag of bite sized twix , a large snickers , and two danish pastries would put me in my place .
you will learn your place . ''
i told you before now that you would be taught your place , as we have taught every mother before you .
` ` true enough , he did die before his time and i was sorry for the loss , but i learnt , as you will , that i know my place .
only through a girl child will we ever reclaim our rightful place .
all have their place .
` ` know your place in witch town , girl .
in time their place will be no more , but the righteous shall ascend into the place of the lord god when they are given bodies that will sustain existence there .
but , in the age of tranquility , the lord god will forever be creating new and wonderfully delightful things not only for the children of adam , but for all of us who have our place because of man .
the only other black spirit in the entire underworld with that power is ha - satan himself and , therefore , it affords dakababus a rather high place of preeminence .
tsk - tsk , little dolli told you , your place is not to talkit takes wolfe out of the moment i made another gurgling sound as i tried to speak .
and , anyway , once i reclaim my rightful place in the pantheon of the gods , i 'll introduce the old bugger to the real things !
it 's , '' he laughed knowingly , ` ` not unusual for highborn ladies to visit , so she would n't ' ve been out of place - though they are rarely there for the men 's benefit , if you- '' juko grew impatient , ` ` i do n't understand where my brother- '' ` ` give it time , son , give it time !
eirean had a unique place among the gods , like kakri herself she belonged to two worlds .
he just needs to learn his place , replied azonis .
it was nt a poor idea , but it also did nt help much ; if the council really did want him dead , then there was no place within the church that he could turn .
her voice back to normal , mrs . huffity lifted an eyebrow to carrie , have you lost your place as well ?
sanziana is always lamenting her place , but if she wanted to reside over a land of green shade she should ve chosen the isle of eire .
now you ve overstepped your place .
ostedes knew the truth of it as well , and claimed his rightful place was to die in protection of his people .
and now you 're going to learn your place . ''
take your place among us .
he could nt say that he envied them their place in society , then or now , but he was truly interested in their conversation , and their laughter .
in this realm they would carry their deceit , and earn their place with him .
you will be then considered a young woman , ready to take her place in society .
as she watched her father pace , she tried to look the picture of a young woman ready to take her place in society .
a young woman ready to take her place in society .
but madame , he stood and bowed low , i am only stating the truth that your place is clearly defined and set according to the rules of society .
your majesty , i am aware of my shortcomings and understand my place .
finding a gap in human knowledge that other immortals had n't yet filledlaw - making , matrimony , poetryand through that making a name for himself , earning worship and shrines , then a place in palace hierarchy .
its not my place to say .
only this way , is slower , and less likely to earn you a place in kirkfell , the banqueting hall of the dead .
tomorrow he would hunt , see if a deer would earn him a place .
lighvoor , remember your place !
them people was slow , but he had nt seen no better place to go , so he waited instead of losing his place .
only after he came to understand what a poor place that was did he learn to carve wood and so raised his place .
he needs to be reminded of his place . ''
he had been given a place in my mothers family and had sought the path of a treeclimber , one of those who ascends fruit trees and brings back the sweetest and ripest fruits .
they were laying down a path , and it was my place to walk it .
in addition , i was in the storytellers circle often , there were now many stories that were my place to tell .
well spoken , said the frosty queen , you may know that she is well , at least she has a place , a duty , and that which she needs for daily life , but as to such things as joy , happiness , contentment , and the like , that i doubt she shall ever know or find amongst us .
he will see that she finds a place again among men and there is a dear friend awaiting her there who can do much to comfort her in her grief .
tobin smiled sadly , that makes two of us , for my father has recently married and my stepmother said that i must go find my place in the world because i no longer had one under her roof .
' you shall be the god of bel albor , when at last your father ascends to take his place among the astral lords . '
mind your place .
its ironic hypocrisy when you place someone elses opinion in a place of greater importance than what gods opinions .
he had once thought it was a great place to prove his mettle , to earn his place amongst his ancestors .
mae keeps telling me i do n't know my place .
its not my place to , milt .
oleg shared his uncles doubt that such a rabbits death would have earned him a place in the company of odins einherjar .
twisted - feathers and i have earned their respect and a place among them .
by my own deeds , i will make you proud of me and earn a place among the warriors in both our villages .
he shrugged to indicate that he was nt really sure why he had gotten them but his grin showed how proud he was to have them , i think he figured that it was about time i took my place as a man in the village .
i see in your eyes and hear in your words that you are ready to take your place among us as a man of leifsbudir .
as to earning your place , i will think about it and discuss it with the others .
fail in any of these and you will be stuck on the rue de rves casss never to see your home or family more , and i will lose my place forever among the silver toed dancers , an unhappy possibility for us both .
i came here and was given a place among the servants , eventually working my way up to my current position .
jace was at first overwhelmed , having only ever faced the grizzled old guardsman in feigned combat , his current opponent was far younger , quicker , and felt it his duty to teach this upstart boy his place , but years of practice and a natural talent quickly overcame his hesitation and it was the older lad who learned a lesson that day : that age or lack thereof did not necessarily signify ones level of experience or skill .
it was the same conceit and indifference but ripened and fossilized with age , all her growth and warmth had vanished like mist in the sun , displaced by her determination to marry well , and soon , and then take her place in society .
but ca nt you find your place here ?
almost like the first time a guynot just a guy but her first : anthony salvador fraticelli , like thenpart invitation , part taunt , almost all a threat ... to her being , to her place , to her sense of herself , so she had listened to them all , most closely to bertha ... but so much of bertha waswell ?
that was her original plan , but with n dead , she had to murder you and benyamina right away to assure her place as ensi .
talented as you are , do not forget your place .
he thought of his pilgrimage as a last chance to regain his place amongst the elves of his village .
when they arrived here , the armenian laughed at what he had seen , and he so cheered up that he lost his place and sky .
it is always good to remind those under you of their place , mister evan said .
he 'd given up his place for intercourse , and for oral sex .
the feral leader was smug and prancing afterwards , and while temeraire was still eating that afternoon , arkady seized the opportunity to take back pride of place , regaling his troop with a long and involved performance , half - storytelling , half - dance , which laurence at first took to be a re - creation of his achievements as a hunter , or some similarly savage activity ; the other dragons were all chiming in now and again with their own contributions .
the men were already all as wet as they could be ; by the time they had finished digging a hole they were also all over mud , but at least they had warmed up by the exercise ; laurence himself had stood out the whole while being drenched , feeling it his place to share the discomfort .
and that very injustice now barred laurence from giving him a real place : as a captain of the aerial corps , he could appoint only aviators to temeraire 's crew .
then get your fish to their place in the ranks .
how can we take rightful place in brotherhood of sapient species with defective trolls like you letting side down alter time ? '
people were more respectful and knew their place .
it was not a good idea to come to the attention of those in high places , her father had said .
they were the prayers of small people , too afraid to bother the gods in their high places .
look how she 's finally learned her place . ''
and i know my place , lord gwenvael .
` ` perhaps it 's time you learn your place , foreigner .
` ` perhaps you forget your place , southland human . ''
you are such a pain in my ass and , just so you know your place , honey , if it was nt for your gift , troy said , glaring her way , you d be expendable too .
` ` do n't you forget your place . ''
` ` asmodeus oversteps his place again . ''
in a terrible voice he warned , ` ` you forget your place .
after the last couple of times with him , he earned his place as the bravest person i know .
but after katrina , her place was damaged .
it was n't my place to interfere .
my place is with the common man . '
sextus had been a grandmaster of political machinations - but he 'd never led a legion in the field , never stood and fought beside them , risked himself along with them and won his place in the eyes of the legionares .
given the argument diane had had with her daughter before tabitha vanished , many husbands in joel 's place would have found reason to blame diane , to assume the argument had everything to do with tabitha 's disappearance .
no boyfriends to coddle you , no special favors , you get to earn your place with us the hard way .
at night , laurence slept on deck beside him , feeling it his place ; as the weather held fair , it cost him no great pains .
he desired his place in france restored ; he was willing to risk praecursoris to have it back , for we might just as easily have chosen to put his dragon to death . ''
cried pippin , forgetting his place in his terror .
she surveyed the scene with a triumphant smile - she had reclaimed her rightful place in the world .
' well , no , sir , you would n't , a gentleman of class like yourself , but it has its place , sir , it has its place .
her success with allomancy only proved that her place was in corners and shadows , not striding around in pretty dresses at courtly balls .
` ` damn skaa do n't know their place .
despite what he thinks of his family , they ' ve done a good job of maintaining their place in the luthadel hierarchy .
her wounds from the night before , now firm bruises , were a reminder of her place .
he could n't know that she 'd been pondering her place , wondering whether she was noblewoman , assassin , or something else .
she did n't question her place any longer .
for a time , the world was in turmoil - neither skaa nor nobleman knew his place .
but it was her place , her little piece of the world , and she did n't have to share it with anyone .
who had put him in his proper place with a few well - placed words centuries ago , then again when he 'd called to his sister ?
but he could n't have cared one jot - would n't trade places with anyone else in the world .
she told herself not to argue or plead if that happened ; it was their place , after all , and she was already two meals to the good .
and even as she was preparing herself with these thoughts , an alien , frightened voice at the back of her mind was moaning , lost , this is what you get for leaving your husband , this is how it all turns out , lost in the maze , playing hide - and - seek with a bull in the dark , doing errands for madwomen ... this is what happens to bad wives , to wives who get above their place in the scheme of things .
he gave madeleine a wink , the gesture so out of place on him that she lifted a brow at him .
now at these councils had turin won him a place by dint of many valorous deeds , and he gainsaid their fears , trusting in his strength , for he lusted ever for war with the creatures of melko , and he upbraided the men of the folk , saying : ` ` lo !
it is an utterance of the minstrel deor , who , as he tells , has lost his place and been supplanted in his lord 's favour by another bard , named heorrenda ; in the body of the poem deor draws examples from among the great misfortunes recounted in the heroic legends , and is comforted by them , concluding each allusion with the fixed refrain paes ofereode ; pisses swa maeg , which has been variously translated ; my father held that it meant ' time has passed since then , this too can pass ' .
you 'll make your place here . ''
while many boys in peter 's position would have become too conscious of their own grand place in the scheme of things to play with anyone not of their own class , peter became best friends with a boy named ben staad when both children were eight .
and dennis , a lowly servant boy who had changed a kingdom once by discovering a burning mouse , per - haps changed it again by holding his place , in spite of the terror which froze his bones and pushed his heart into his throat .
more like a princess - someone whose place is made by bloodline and ca n't be refused - than like the other sisters .
king aegon promised to raise him to the kingsguard , so fireball made his wife join the silent sisters , only by the time a place came open , king aegon was dead and king daeron named ser willam wylde instead .
then turning upon fingolfin he drew his sword , crying : ' get thee gone , and take thy due place ! '
try but once more to usurp my place and the love of my father , and maybe it will rid the noldor of one who seeks to be the master of thralls . '
once he has been restored to his home and his proper place , he will soon learn better than to value company so far beneath him . ''
help us restore him to his rightful place , and then part from him cheerfully : let him think you are not sorry to go , that he may forget you more easily , and find happiness with a companion appropriate to his station .
laurence did not care for superstition ; he did not yield to it now , but he felt it not unreasonable to be conscious of how ill - fitted they were to be in this country , a lack of understanding and of place .
` ` a sorry excuse for an army they may be , but they know their place .
it 's your place to be in andor . ''
when you were secure with what you were , there was no cause to resent being shown your place .
i do n't care if you think your place is n't important enough '' .
as for the delusion that you created the entire world , well , let me remind you of what you no doubt already know : a delusion similar to that cost me my place above in the heavenly court . ''
` ` it has always been my place .
and though my place has been given me in this new realm , my future is in my hands , and must be shaped by me with infinitely more care and thought than i ever gave before to my actions . ''
` ` do n't take this the wrong way , but my place or yours ? ''
he s been organizing groups of southerners to oppose all of that reconstruction business that they got goin on in the south and to make sure that the coloreds know their place .
i , i do nt know how to say this , and really its not my place to say anything at all , but please understand that my reasons for telling you are only motivated by the genuine desire to be helpful .
she had only six months left to her contract and in a moment of forgetting her place , informed elizabeth of her plans to marry a man who had also been an indentured servant , but who was now free .
sparshott may have been a boor , but he was not stupid , and he knew francis tylers home was not the place to put this young upstart in his place .
there is no man who does not have his hour and no thing that does not have its place .
he was not the same angry young man who had stormed off so long ago to take his place among pragues intelligentsia .
something that marked him as an opportunist , a flatterer , a fellow who did not know his place and aspired to one to which he was not born and could never pretend to belong .
but for me , kynthia would be here with you today , and i would be in my rightful place in the undergloom .
no one here likes him , only mr farraday would but that is not my place to say .
among my tribe she is still accorded the highest place of honor among the gods .
when i m a blooded warrior and have a place in a tribe , ill come and find you .
to challenge prince jadar , the son who had earned the throne , for his rightful place .
to keep one 's place , he often told himself , one must know it .
he drinks more than a man in his place should .
they 're both too smart not to know their place .
how he ached sometimes for the security of his old home , the strength and nobility of its foundation , and the confidence that it was his own and he had earned his place despite the curse of crooked feet .
as if no one really knows his place .
evie bristled and sat next to peter , biting her tongue and not saying that it was her place to offer support , not his ex - fiance .
nurse stanford has said nothing , it would nt be her place to , and she s a good one for protocol , but i can tell she feels i am beginning to neglect my other patients in favor of the boy .
you forget your place !
they twitter on about ' women must know their place ' .
it is nt my place to tell them .
you know he do nt have any children to leave his place to .
it is your place to embrace it , and pass it on to the next new momma you come across .
the sour face showed that he was still hurting from archbishop feehans speech of last may , in which the clergyman called for honorable resistance to england , while alexander sullivan sat in a prominent place in the audience .
chasing after his hemp scent , no longer wondering over her place , theormi reached her arms beneath his , extending her palms to the backs of his shoulders .
aristotle had also made a place in his heart for athens as mother of philosophy and science .
your life is your own , ben , to do with as you please you must n't let others tell you what your place is you can make your own way if you try .
your sort should know your place and leave this business to the right people .
you never knew your place , here , so perhaps you 'll go down a treat , there ?
listen , said rydall , you ' ve always insisted that a man should know his place , have n't you , cully ?
the truth , however , poured through her that when she had run away from stolford so many years ago and at such a tender age , she had resigned every possibility , every hope that her place in society could ever be returned to her .
her father had nt been a high - ranking earl or marquis , but even as a baron , he had impressed upon his daughter the place and position of the titled .
tonight , he wished he could trade places with them , or even with a peasant , for a peasant could marry for love .
the knights will this day earn their place and go first .
ill teach him his place !
thomas realizes that he is no longer the captains favorite and takes his place among the rest of the crew .
no , high society was nt the place she wanted to be , but there was nothing for it .
i want to be a wife and a mother , and i want my place to be in the home at the fireside , not out in the saddle in all kinds of weather .
one of the things that they shared was a fondness for high places .
sharma said quickly , ' your majesty , our loyalty belongs to kerina and to all of kerina without distinction of place or region .
she now knew it had been a measure of his love for meg that throughout the years of their marriage he had gone along with the pretence , the massive lie , thus allowing her to maintain her dignity , her place in society , and finally take her secret to the grave .
they can put up with us if we stay in our place , the upper classes .
he 'd jammed a red felt hat down on his springy hair , and shrugged a rough felt cloak over his shoulders ; he knew he looked like a peasant beside her , and felt strangely happy with the contrast , as if that were his right place .
it was n't his place to know it .
` ` a place on the caelian .
` ` i earned my place . ''
i ' ve earned my place . ''
once you leave go of that anger , your place will be as large as your brothers .
as the good lord said in job , ' look on everyone that is proud , and bring him low ; and tread the wicked in their place . '
he stood gazing in disbelief at hyrum , wishing , imagining that somehow the patriarch would rise up and take his place again among the saints .
i desire with all my heart to honor and respect my husband as my head , ever to live in his confidence and by acting in unison with him retain the place which god has given me by his side , and i ask my heavenly father that through humility , i may be enabled to overcome the curse which was pronounced upon the daughters of eve , that whatever may be my lot through life i may be enabled to acknowledge the hand of god in all things .
ahem ... ah , gentlemen , i am not the cause of the present difficulties ; neither is it my place to say , i told you thus and so .
it would be a grave warning to any other would - be heretical groups to mend their ways and remember their place .
well , be that as it may , you need to remember your place .
he wondered at her place ; no slave he d seen to date carried herself like she did .
he had recently taken a room in town from an elderly widow who rented rooms in her large house to shipmen usually , was an excellent cook and kept their places while they crossed the atlantic back and forth .
he would first have to find this convict and prove he still deserved his place among the others .
it was exactly how ishan gained his place over a thousand years before .
i think its time they learned their place .
you have been given to us , little girl , she said , squeezing my windpipe , so help me - you will learn your rightful place .
amos believed that vampires had taken a backseat to humans and we should take our rightful place as the dominant species .
to make a long story short : although they shared answers and joked around in science class , he was on a whole other lower level than her and he should have kept his place .
his smile grew , hostile , that s cute but a woman should know her place and that place ai nt making smartass remarks .
she left him minding their luggage and holding their place in the line , and walked to the corner of the terminal building .
it was n't my place to say anything or intrude in this family 's business .
there were others in town who would take it much worse because they had been so hopeful that ben would come to his senses and take his rightful place in sheriff toms overbig shoes .
i knew i was losing her , that it did n't feel right ... but it was n't his place to speak up .
the bitch remained cowed behind him , finally knowing her place .
avery read , take your place amongst the way of the wolf and embrace your duty , little moon sister .
a sour moment took rest between them , until bade finally remembered his place and succumbed to silence .
his mother , elinore edensorrow harker , was a direct descendant of the line and had therefore been awarded a coveted place within the walls , as she liked to say .
he s a bit arrogant , but i think hell learn his place .
and it is because of my belief , a belief that states that a good man lies somewhere within the tortured soul , that i will continue to work with george and hope that one day he might take his place back in society .
now where shall i start that face that pretty bosom , or lower downthe place of vice itself .
these non - combat members were positioned in high places in society and were supporters one hundred percent .
and the sparkling eyes of an irish woman whipped them all and put them and their snobbery in their place .
when agnes saw her with laythan - a man who could buy and sell her fortunes as easy as buying and selling a horse , her attitude dwindled to fit the occasion and her place under ainsleys feet .
at twenty - five mr . charles aubernon saw himself still a man of struggles and of warfare with the world , but out of the seven who stood before him and the high places of his family three only remained .
he knew his place in this world and a few bitter words from the god of death was nt going to change that .
perhaps you have learned your place .
remember , most of the masters are men and most of them come from an age when women knew their place , so there s that problem , but most of them also see human servants as very much servants .
i do n't know exactly what she had in mind other than regaining her place in the world , that is but she must have thought that when it came to mischief - making , the potential for a talented one - armed artist was great .
my brother- chas his own place in the macroverse ; energy is eternal , as even a child such as yourself must understand he was flying past the turtle now , and even at his tremendous skidding speed , the turtle 's plated side seemed to go on and on to his right .
it held the ultimate high place in danny 's room , resting on a large plastic plate on the table by his bed .
mamma was right , i ' ve got above my place and i 'll pay for it - the hall was filled with white faces turned up to look at her .
` ` set against them , the prince of high places , the lord of dark mornings .
no need for everybody on the lake to lose their places over this . '
it was n't my place to say it , and peter would n't have listened anyway .
charity was setting his place .
god only knows what you was made for , but i reckon you gon na find your place among saints and sinners .
her place , it 's been proven over and over , is out there with the meatskins and the brutishness , not here within the confines of a pretty little peppertown .
he had a few tricks to put people like that in their place .
it was nt his place to question images on the street ; he d at least wait until there was cause to question this new hustlers discretion .
i had not cracked and while the opportunity to go down in school folklore as the boy who was nt there had been snatched away from me , resuming my place in line as the one who d been to the brink and survived was just as good .
i knew that i now held pride of place at the top of sister franciss current hit list and i also knew that there was nothing i could do about that .
she wanted something better for her mother , she wanted her to be able to take her rightful place between the rich and pompous , something her mother never struggled for , but wanted for her daughter .
well , its not my place to say , oscar , but i reckon you could do with it , unless you want to walk round dressed like a tit the whole time .
little he knew that the descendants of the first semiviscount would over the years grow in wealth and power to finally take their place amongst the high lords .
if you re not so obsessive about your work , maybe then you ll see your big boss as more than just a way to make your place in the world .
the rich bitch was a criminal who could forge identity papers and hand them out like party favors to whiny , ungrateful women who did nt know their place like janelle .
why was she disrupting this perfectly - knitted group , when she should , by now , know her place ?
it was neither his place nor befitting of his rank to speak .
false not because women are naturally false but because women are subjugated and it is not the nature of a human to be kept in a lower place .
over the years they too would gain a certain amount of respect , affection even , but they were never to forget their place or step out of line , at least not too far out of line , or stein would throw them a steely glance , and luz would straighten her back or tighten her lips .
it was not pets place now to contradict him , so she let it go and bent with the conversational wind .
and ambrose was like that mans wife or child , unable to resist , unsure even if it was his place to resist .
he knew his place when confronted by rosaline and her penetrating gaze , and bowed obediently before the reality of the situation ms gerard represented the winners .
total female population = 4.3billion - those under 18 or over 32 years old - those without necessary qualification ( honours degree as a min ) - those that are highly religious - those that are not ambitious - those that are too ambitious ( must know their place ! )
one over the other , for their place in the neighborhood and one ran for monty .
they floated in artistic space , ready and willing to be pulled into human space and take their rightful place among shims books .
ever since the dog had alerted roger and gwen in the middle of the night to the presence of an invader in their home , she had held an exalted place in the june home .
a good thought is always good , feelings and emotion have their time and their place .
will decided he knew his place , and it was second .
oh , now i ve lost my place ! ''
` ` in a high place , of course .
` ` we must never lose our place in line , bagless .
i was embarrassed of my place and said i d come to her .
just when you think it is all too good and the whatever begins to fall in place with the what the hell , something comes blasting out from way past the great something else altogether and puts you in a place on the bad side of disgrace .
i m in a good place in the human race today and i m playing the game .
i had to choose my place in the world : fountain or bed .
soon it would be time to teach the young cow her place .
i am the ruler of this coven , and you will do well to remember your place .
i did not make the world the way it is and i knew my place in it .
in the 50s her place of honor will be defeated .
and in these moments i am content with my place .
my point is that when you re black they have more subtle ways of labeling you like a bug and keeping you in your place .
besides , being big and strong and tough as bugs was , enough so to see to it that whoever came into frankie ds place behaved and when somebody did nt , as happened every so often with some smart ass or busthead , to put them in their place or heave them out , and small as al and max were , what with their being sent by who they were , it would nt help one damn bit .
alexander wanted to tell them to be glad that they had never had to be hungry , cold or humiliated but he said nothing , feeling that it was not his place .
professionals have their place , i m saying .
budda nearly told the man the restaurant was closed mrs . wei was in the back but it was nt his place to do so .
ill come to your place , tim said .
he was about to read the useless nothing in his bed the riot act and maybe give her a smack or two so that she would remember her place when the pictures and sounds streaming loudly from good morning america on his very - expensive sony plasma television drew his attention literally stopping him cold .
he liked david knowing his place , and he enjoyed putting him there .
always good to see he knows his place , thought allan , heartened to see david hang his head appropriately as he gathered his things , preparing to relocate to their mobile command center , a formula super sport ocean - ready powerboat that was awaiting them near pier 37 .
we all have our place .
do not rebel like an immature teenager from his parent but accept with dignity and poise your place in the greater order of things along with both the blessings and the reversals dealt to you by fortune .
its time you learned your place .
on the bus home , after a period of heavy silence , he said , i should have got a higher place .
as my great - aunt said , school is all very well , but this is where your place is .
as yet self - conscious in her place among the twelve , lakisha seemed embarrassed when called to behave as a player in the midst of them .
he had wanted seryen to know his place : to feel about himself as bastian felt about him .
after the pleasantries and small talk , elaine said , i know its not my place to interfere , but its important to josh that you speak with dr . lowan at the school .
neil did n't have a place in that hierarchy yet .
but the basics are that i want my gain my rightful place in zolar . '
not his place to tell a parent 's child what to think , when the parent was already hard at work doing just that .
they should know their place , beneath the olympians .
though i once thought i could live in tillsburg , that really would have only been for affordability , a cheap place to sleep while my real lifeschool , stores , the barstook place twenty miles away in champaign .
maybe , given his less - than - exalted place in the world , he just needed to be looked up to .
she is in her rightful place .
our place is sometimes a dangerous one .
beorn had bought a place in a fellowship of thieves .
coren has said we march either with him or against him , father ; no place lies in - between .
one of his fraternity brothers has a place in heavenly .
samuel hated to see hannah get her heart broken , but he felt it was nt his place to say anything about christians unfaithfulness .
however knowing my place in the medical pyramid , i jumped to my feet , forcing life into aching limbs .
lucky girl , you modern sappho to take the quantum leap like a comet to take your place among the darkest regions of empty space with a brilliance that few can keep and even less the mind to know where no dull planet can perturb you as fallen flowers have no faces .
and though gwendolyn often gave little digs like it to remind kitten of her place in the stewardess hierarchy , she never got mad , but bizarrely loved her for it .
phil had felt akin to julia since they met , still carried that sense of family , had hoped sunshine would usurp julias place .
she had the poise to ascertain the rightful place to her priorities .
they do not have to be like men and compete against men to get their rightful place in the mens world .
connies husband , lou farley , spelled success with dollar signs and prided himself on his straight - talking approach to life , but neither inner drive nor blunt honesty carried him beyond modest success as an entrepreneur twice he sold too soon , twice he sold too late and after he vowed to earn a place among the social elite he never again condescended to mingle with his buddies from high school and college , even when depression drove him to the brink of suicide and connie begged him to find a friend to laugh with , because lou farley believed his chance meeting with one of the citys real movers , the say , are nt you lou farley ?
maggie left the kids to their breakfast and exchanged places with peter in the shower .
he might have done well for a time : in this sort of profession , ones wig has the power to determine ones place in the pecking order .
you give them that look , like you d better stay in your place , kaffir .
in her the irish genes were dominant while some of her siblings were hispanic in appearance and would not have looked out of place in this household .
bob was either too old or too disinterested to play this head game , so he never tried to squeeze me out of my place with his mother .
enlil , forgetting his place , chastised and beseeched .
canto 36 to here i was sent as much as you as much as your desire willed your desired will and it suits me well though not you so well although you have been made thus suitable you are material still and are embodied but not solid rather akin to this comets tail as this continents pebble disperses before the sun in a tail as the sun blows away the scales of the ice and as the pebble becomes its airy tail and here you are now in between moons in my lair oh my lair no my place for the time being only while being in time with a foot i have never nor ever had always there in eternity beside the eternal the one in three the uncounted immortals like me the accumulating thousands of millions of immortals like you who die and live on yes your mother yes your father too but you have not yet died not dead just suitably like the vacuous tail and here i am to ferry you who can no longer walk between moons as i have ferried many others since the dragon fell is falling will fall around the newborn aging extinguished sun making of its collapse a path of improper in - betweens and repeatedly tens of millions of strides made as but one and some to places like this where no ones foot can step and here you are less than a cloud and needing my ferrying along oh no i am not the animus of this comet which knows its own inanimate ends i just enjoy it here and am suited to here and was sent to here and here you have come and become what you must to not die just as you once were adapted made as stone yes a gift but also a lingering accident of the way the dragon made itself suitable to anywhere it impinges and given to you as the sun is given and warms you and the earth is given and holds you and yes oh yes your prince is safe your companion is safe and both are now just clouds like you and ferried like you but not visited like you i am visiting you to thank you for taking the prince and your inclinations were well imparted and grown that you should say yes willingly by his will and keep the prince well i tell you now as the messenger i am that he will be returned but not for some years and in those some years he is yours to protect to raise through the time born of your great decision and never fear never doubt that the decision was great was good to him who judges good my beloved joanna in the hands i have never nor ever had i hold you and your things all to ferry you by his command and my liking yet i wonder may i ask do you have a stocking cap in your pack to wear when you are flesh again as a tail from your head and striped or baubled or brimmed with fur since i do like a stocking cap on the head of your kind since it reminds me of comets and those i adore and so here i am as i have said allied with this comet but no i see here just a hat in your pack never mind oh yes oh my oh yes i know the lord is here too i knew that on the instant and how blessed i am to hold him whom i have always beheld but i am a creature like you and in my thoughts are small things and an adam or eve in a stocking cap just simply delights me it does so i laugh so you laugh and my delight is unlike that of some of my siblings but then we are indeed each a species unique and so it was not i who announced to our lady nor i who stood at the tomb yet somehow i merited this visit and message or else i was already here at this my comet and so be it i will do well enough as i do what he wills and be joyous joanna i do see your grief so turn from it now for you shall see your parents again and in life you will love the untutored prince and we each have our place in his thoughts as we are sent canto 37 helen wondered if there were any clouds at all .
its not my place to be fine or not fine with it .
everyone agreed that he might have taken a high place if he had been more pushing , and if he had not hampered himself with the notion that studies were nourishers of opinion rather than instruments of success .
it was over a year since he had come back to england , with the understanding that his education was finished , and that he was to take his place in english society ; and he had begun to read law , though only in deference to sir hugos wish , and to fence off idleness .
you would have wished me to take his ignorant impertinence about a mere musician without letting him know his place .
at last he said , more gravely , why , then , after all , i prefer my place to theirs .
our race struggled like heroes to keep their place among the nations ; but when the plough and the harrow had passed over their national covenant , and the fruitfulness of their land was stifled with the blood of the sowers , they said , the spirit is alive , let us make it a movable habitation , so that it may be carried from generation to generation , and our sons unborn may possess a hope built on an unchangeable foundation .
the poor thing felt strong enough to do anything that would give her a higher place in derondas mind .
the next step was to find a private place where the gallant men in blue would not interrupt his libations with friendly little reminders of his exalted place in the scheme of things .
he had saved germany and restored her to her chosen place against the hordes that had endangered her .
kk knew his place in the order of her life and showed only faked signs of remorse at separation , knowing full well that she would return to him with fresh news and gossip and the occasional morsel of hard information he could report to the chairman .
claim your place among your kin and lay to rest your fathers sin .
ellen had already discovered a place between shortys and her fathers .
he was misjudging his worth and overstepping his place .
fred , why not give up your place in town .
when they were with him , rios wives occupied a special , prominent place in the ranch social hierarchy , and later , as ex - wives , they enjoyed luxurious lifestyles courtesy of generous divorce settlements .
it remained unfelt as an invisible but ideal existence taking an understood inferior place to a night wrapped in romance .
she had nt gotten to her place in the world by sitting on the sidelines .
shell do just about anything to preserve her place in society .
to louis , order and cleanliness were tied up with pride of place and self - respect .
he drove a newish lincoln town car , midnight blue , as befitted his perceived place in society and his age , sixty - one , too mature for a beemer .
myself , i ' ve always known my place , sir .
my place , big boy .
it was nt my place to interfere with such an important matter of the heart .
when i was rebellious , finding trouble at every turn , ensuring my place with the darkness , although back in my human days , i did not realize what the darkness truly holds , it was sebastian who fought to get me back on track .
someone got sick , they had other plans for part of the weekend but wanted to hold their place , who knows ? ''
it was nt my place to talk about lisbeth causleys business .
both of us were young and ready to earn our place in our respective arenas .
since he was a man now , my father said , he has no place on the top floor , and ill whip the hide off him if he comes back .
without a higher social class , mcfergus would have felt quite out of place in first class , so it was into second class , with rich mens servants , he would travel .
i loved yur brother , but we must all find our place .
now , however , she silently wondered if that future epoch might occur within the next six or seven years , when she could expect to take her place among the married matrons of londons jewish community .
if she felt out of place in neds world , maybe she kept her place in the world she knew before him .
perhaps they were both going to have their place .
the madisons knew their place .
yes , he may have taken a year out between school and university , but he had spent it at his uncles office in the city earning more money than most graduates could only dream of upon leaving college , and now that he had his place reading p.p.e .
the words came out an order , and he thought to backtrack since it was nt his place to order her about , but gwen only shrugged and told him .
gareth said , knowing that it was nt his place to tell hywel his job but unable to help himself .
epilogue the girls things settled in the city of two bridges , and all the dark gods that had been rising to erupt out over the world remembered their place and returned to their domains deep in the underworld .
it was n't his place to tell more than the governor wanted told , was it ?
wendy wanted to add something about christa stockwell , how fragile her flesh had been , but it was n't her place .
above all , people in high places within sapo will be exposed as accomplices in criminal and immoral activities .
there may have been a town bad girl when they were growing up , but there 'd also been plenty to eat for everyone , everyone had known their place , prices had been cheap , and almost no one had been murdered .
california gold had originally fueled the district 's creation , but nevada silver secured its place in the american financial world .
i did n't know my place to tell other people to stop when i can barely stop myself .
it was n't her place to judge , and she hoped he did n't think that .
staring at the car ceiling , he said , ` ` yeah , i knew about her , but it was n't my place to tell you scarlett .
maybe no one , no matter what their age or place in life , got used to the idea , because it was something so beyond comprehension .
i left that image up to other guys , always happy to stay in my good - guy place .
and the ease in which i forgot my place and let down my guard .
hadley was in a low place even if she appeared perfect on the outside .
i needed to tell jared , and even though it was n't my place to share matt 's private business , in this situation i was sure he would understand .
i also wanted to know why he had n't said anything to me about her , i thought we shared everything and not that i had been in a place in my early teens to offer shaw anything it still seemed odd he had n't mentioned anything about her feelings to me so that i might have treaded more carefully around her instead of trampling across her feelings like a herd of buffalos .
i ' m a walking hard on needing to punish you , f**k you , remind you that your place is beneath me to take my come and welcome my palm . ''
but i owed them something , anything - it was my father who ruined them - it was my place to make it right .
` ` not really my place to say , but be f**king careful there .
it was n't my place to .
just as being behind that drum set was where sam seemed to make some sort of sense , my place was here watching him as i tried to make sense of my own rhythms , my own beats , and my own choices .
` ` you never learned your place , trystan .
` ` wo n't we lose our place in line ? ''
` ` was n't my place to tell you , chase , it 's your baby .
we made our place .
esteban eyed javier , as if he was unsure of his place to speak now .
i wanted to stand up and tell this scheming moneybags that kellan would be doing no such thing , but knowing it was n't my place right now to say anything , i grit my jaw tight .
i know it 's not my place to butt in , but i just had to see what kind of a guy he is .
the people we had encountered had been the epitome of polite so far , not even staring at us , though we must have seemed out of place to everyone there .
still , he knew he was the new kid on the block and had n't fully earned his place .
nick delaware was not the sort of man to apologize to a hooker for thinking she was out of place in an art gallery .
they 'd pat him on the back and tell him to move on to a woman who knew her place .
it was n't my place to tell her to get gone .
my body relaxed into his and his hand slid from my jaw into my hair as i pointed out , ` ` i took my place in it a long time ago , honey . ''
shit goes down between us that 's not good , which , baby , '' he gave me another squeeze , ` ` is not gon na happen , then you all still have your place .
gwen had conspired with his mother and made certain simone and sophie had their places amongst her decor and his woman decorated in family .
holden did n't have a place on the land .
` ` ai n't my place to tell you but i ' m doin ' it all the same , '' mick said to kami .
i knew jonas had long since fallen asleep but was loathe to disturb him so i kept my place and mindlessly watched tv until i saw tate standing in the door wearing nothing but jeans .
he would have preferred one of shift 's whores who would know her place and do what she was told .
mouthed off to save face and remind me of my place . ''
and , back in the day when they could get away with it , any black man who stepped outside of what the fullers and their brethren felt was their place , fuller 's daddy , granddaddy and their brethren took them to that cabin and taught them their place .
i was and always would be a machine who should remember his place and stay in the dark .
maybe i should f**k you and remind you of your place . ''
i 'd been a boy , a ghost , a man fumbling to find his place .
` ` do n't forget your place .
` ` teach her her place , jethro .
you 're wild , unwilling , and a spoiled brat who will learn her place . ''
she had much to learn , her place to recognise , and all thoughts of who she was torn from her soul and burned .
` ` you will learn your place .
she 'd known her place enough to permit a brief visit to her old family to sever ties once and for all .
she 'd been initiated into my world - earning her place by my side and no one could ever deny it .
you 're going to learn your place . ''
` ` after today , you 'll see everything and know your place . ''
she was going to learn her place when it came to his friends .
i ' m the dom , and you 'll learn your place . ''
he should n't have left , and if lash was pissed enough , he was n't going to get his place back in the club .
remember your place , '' tiny said .
it was n't her place to tell sandy what she knew .
edward needed to earn back his place to become nash once again .
once he earned his place back , he was never going to risk f**king it up .
i ' m going to earn my place again , but when i ' m back to being a skull i 'll be keeping sophia as my old lady . ''
` ` she 's going to learn her place , and it 's about time this f**ker saw it , '' willy said .
you 're a f**king whore after a good time , and do n't forget your place . ''
we all earn our place by doing all the shitty jobs .
` ` i know this is n't my place to ask , but do you have a sub ?
i would like some tea , and seeing as how violet let me in instead of you , it 's her place to get rid of me , not yours . ''
mary 's place within his pack would also explain why his men were so polite and respectful to her .
you 'll know your place , understood ? ''
the women would learn their place and give him what he wanted .
you 're my bitch , and you 'll learn your f**king place once and for all . ''
since that was his role , i almost worried this was some segue into reminding me of his place , of my place , but he just stepped forward , gripping my hair and exposing the nape of my neck .
since that was his role , i almost worried this was some segue into reminding me of his place , of my place , but he just stepped forward , gripping my hair and exposing the nape of my neck .
` ` you forget your place , leila . ''
because i can tell you right now- '' ` ` you forget your place , miss montgomery , '' he said coolly .
` ` if only you had minded your business and remembered your place . ''
maybe it was n't his place to interfere , but damned if he 'd let his best friend get played for a fool .
` ` ethan needs to learn his place and stay there .
he did nt want to be married , yes , but still he was in a rare and enviable place .
he had reclaimed his place as a decent member of the society , but his downfall would always be a part of his past .
do nt forget your place , ophelia .
i suspected heart disease , but it was nt honestly my place to know or ask .
carly and dan were now the pack leaders , naturally they would have a high place of respect with everyone in the pack , even more so than bruce had .
wila , i have been with you since your birth , watched you grow , watched as you took your rightful place and as you married .
she looked at me pointedly , and tipped her head toward the hallway , but i was not in the mood to leave my place next to finn , even if i was forced to watch the latest vince vaughn guy version of a chick flick .
you are a necromancer and i am a witch , do nt forget your place in the hierarchy .
just took a few alphas giving him hell to make him realize his place .
` ` oh , an aunt of bob 's died and left him a small place in florida , '' she said .
you d best tone down a bit , kyrah payne , and learn your place around here .
he had on a rough work shirt , blue serge pants and military boots , and would look as out of place among the stylish crowd at the aro club as she would .
gentleman scott taylor appeared like a man sure of his place in the grand scheme of things .
she was n't his type , and emille knew her place better than anyone .
it was n't his place to keep pestering her .
we 'll take our rightful place and the humans will take theirs as our servants .
he broke down her door in the middle of the night and took me home where he locked me in my suite for two days so i d learn my place .
he deserved my place .
he could have used a sounding boardand the extra sets of eyesbut it was nt his place to say anything .
thirty - five the road to the old deveer place was overgrown with weeds and small trees , the bush taking back its place in the sun .
no , i d earned this place with a patient ruthlessness and resolved insensitivity that i was proud of .
instead , i said , will be safe and taken care of as long as you remember your place .
its not my place to .
still , sometimes it was hard to lose her place as the sole center of paolo 's attention .
its just that she made a point to say fiance several times in the conversation , and then kept referring to jeff as mr . mason to make sure i knew my place or some stu '' sera stopped abruptly and turned a bright shade of pink .
she would have been attractive if she knew her place .
at the same time , he told himself it was nt his place to tell her .
if she was out of place in the past , had he not been as out of place in her time ?
if she was out of place in the past , had he not been as out of place in her time ?
you want a lesson in knowing your place .
but , once again , he decided it was nt his place to meddle in others affairs .
i can live with you being the brains i guess as long as you admit i m the talented one of uswhich you haveand know your place .
but on a personal level , he had to remember his place .
` ` you would n't happen to have any friends in high places at the university of denver , would you ?
i know you are nt in the place to start a serious relationship , and frankly , neither am i .
still smiling , and that twinkle back in his eyes , ` ` yes , my place .
about to we d the widow a man with a future , the honorable george sinclair would rather poke his eye out than take his place beside his brother and learn how to be an earl .
he simply kept at it , earning him a high place in his soon to be profession .
we used the hovering engines to take you up to space where your due place is , as the elite of this world .
they d been meeting like this since the twins got back from college and the police academy and settled into their places in the community .
he seemed to like women who know their place , so i went along with the role , even though i was likely to break out in hives from the act .
better yet , his woodworking reputation had reached a place where he could charge higher prices for the elaborate pieces and work less hours , freeing him up to spend more days like today with reese .
` ` know your place , woman . ''
or that he d turned out to be some brazilian big - wig with friends in high places who could make patricks life a short - lived hell if he tried to so much as step off a plane or cross over one of brazils many borders .
its hard not to try to fight for her , but we know our places .
i go to the bathroom right after she gets back so one of us holds our place in line .
maam , i know it is nt my place to say , but mr . wilcox has been buying the food from the runners coming down from new orleans .
i m sure he did not appreciate her little joke but , one thing , it would put him in his place as far as trying to teach her a trick or two !
for each child you bore , the darkness through me bore one more powerful , more committed , one who knew his or her place from birth and prepared for this moment while you left your family weak .
right now i want to focus on what brought me to the low place i ' m in today .
this probably is nt my place to say this , maam , but do nt you think you re being a bit tough on our boss ?
i went through the motions and toasted with him , still feeling like somehow his question had been designed to put me in a lower place than him .
while he did not enjoy harming his own kind , he did enjoy putting others in their rightful place .
she nodded again quietly , and jesse knew suddenly that this was her place also , and that it would be so designated for her own daughter ruby , all in the fullness of time .
the question was one he 'd probably said to her a thousand times , and i realized it was n't my place to be here saying anything at all .
you should have no trouble putting women like that in their rightful place . ''
` ` but i- '' ` ` you are nothing more than a servant , and i suggest you remember your place , '' he said , cutting laura off .
but it was n't her place to say anything .
he headed straight for home , where he planned on having a rip roaring fight with his woman and she would certainly learn her place .
in contrast , i 'd let sara continue on with a man i knew was unfaithful , all because i felt it was n't my place to interfere .
i know i should remind her of her place in a stern voice now but i ca n't stop laughing , and it only gets worse when she grabs a pillow and hurls it at me , the motion dislodging my stilled fingers from her ass .
both players know their place , and they need to show and prove that to the other .
she did n't want to date anyone at the moment but it was n't his place to make that announcement .
` ` she 'll keep her place and i 'll keep mine .
she wanted the other woman to understand that she knew her place and had no intention of encroaching on her relationship with tim .
and it definitely was n't my place to take matters into my own hands .
annie should ' ve guessed her father would n't stand idly by and let some other man step into the place he belonged .
linc was n't sure how his father - in - law had done it , but leonard clearly had friends in high places .
chad was curious , too , although it was n't his place to ask .
his place certainly had n't always been assured in this family .
i ' ve already earned my place . ''
he 'd been watching her house long enough to know there was one little girl she was close to , one little girl whose mother was hot enough to get wyatt 's attention and timid enough to tell him she knew her place in the world .
` ` if ye had just trusted me to tend to matters as it is my place to do , ye 'd have realized i 'd see to yer wellbeing .
` ` you 'll make your place here , erica . ''
being blood did n't mean jack if you did n't earn your place , he told himself .
it is n't our place to tell you . ''
` ` at least she knows her place , '' nan said with an amused snide tone .
paul chose seats on one of the far corners of the table ; for once again , he was conscious of the class system and knew that his place was not one of honor .
he would n't trade places with julia for anything .
he bore the appearance of a man who felt so secure of his place in the world , nothing concerned him .
` ` ... you may tell the agent - general ... ` ` ` ` ... forget your place !
he 'd just taken his place in line , and for his reward he 'd have her in his bed , her slim , silky body open for his pleasure .
` ` to know her place , something you never appeared to have learned . ''
' t is not my place to say .
he momentarily forgot his place and allowed his hands to circle around her waist as he helped her down .
pasting the coolness on his face years of breeding had taught him , he whispered into her ear , ` ` how could i so easily forget my place ?
the man should learn his place .
it was n't my place , and i see now how difficult i made life for you .
in london , she had to be ever mindful of her place or the scandal sheets would flay her for some breech of acceptable behavior .
but for now , he had to remember his place .
but i knew my place , and it was easy to understand the pack rules .
the plain , brown garb she wore signaled her place along the other novices .
good , she was finally realizing her place .
' t is n't my place . ''
you have reached the highest place you can in your profession .
` ` you forget your place , son - and rachid 's . ''
` ` forget it- '' ` ` it was n't my place ... and i was jealous . ''
he 'd quickly made a place for himself as a forager and scout , and the men 's wary regard of him as the colonel 's younger brother ripened into a casual respect for him as a man .
` ` and his place shall know him no more , '' he said softly , and the words fell and vanished among the silent shapes of the sleeping furniture .
he 'd married claire without a single thought of his place or hers .
they 'd al just assumed it was him , but richard knew different and removing the vermin from the family vault was only one of many things he wanted to do once instal ed safely back in his rightful place .
while i have no desire to ruin lady christiana and her family , i also have no desire to give up my rightful title and place .
julietta is perfectly capable of running the business without you , yet instead of respecting her place , you challenge all of her decisions . ''
simple jane tate , the scullery maid who sat at the foot of the servants ' table , was about to dine in the honored place as the daughter of the house .
it was her place to drink , especially now that an orange popsicle man was standing by the door . ` `
amanda thought the order had been given to remind her of her place .
she hated the feeling that she did n't know her place among her own clan .
this would n't be the first time she 'd lost her place in the world .
` ` i suppose it 's what she said - she thought it was n't her place to say anything ; you 'd given her the job of looking after him , and she 'd move heaven and earth to do anything you asked .
he writes her passionate letters from time to time , swearing to come and take her and the child away with him as soon as he comes into his rightful place in the world , but she wo n't let him come to see her ; she 's too afraid of jules finding out the truth . ''
but fergus ... this isna his place , sassenach .
' man is like the grass that withers and is thrown into the fire ; he is like the sparks that fly upward ... and his place will know him no more , ' ` ` i quoted softly .
if you will wield power , you must choose both your time and your place , for only when the shadow of the stone falls at your feet is the door of destiny truly open .
` ` he didna give his place , but i dinna ken any from leoch like him .
still , it was n't my place to judge , thank goodness .
still , if you came down to it , it was his place , and if he chose to piss on it ...
his anger at her probably meant she 'd never get to teach his adorable little girls to ride again , but it was n't her place to worry about them .
` ` you must learn your place ! ''
she 'd been aching for him to take her all night and even her anger could n't hold its place against the vulnerability of her senses whenever gage was in control .
it was n't his place to destroy the demon .
perhaps putting a name to the man who would belong to her would help him remember his place .
he only wished he was going to live long enough to see her come to accept her rightful place .
they do n't know their place .
it was my place to take care of her , not the other way around .
i ca n't say much because it is n't my place , but go back .
his expression was almost peaceful , as if he 'd at last quit a life in which he had no place .
the guy sounded like a piece of work , but it was n't his place to do much more than listen when she talked about him .
she would have a home near friends and family , children , a respectable place in society .
they 're driven by instinct , and this is n't their place .
she was shorter than he was - maybe five six , he guessed - and she moved with the easy grace of people who were confident of their place in the world .
he wanted to ask her but knew it was n't his place .
he had seventeen nieces and nephews , and though he sometimes felt out of place at family functions , since he was a bachelor again in a family of happily married people , his brothers were respectful enough not to probe the reasons behind the divorce .
she knows she made a mistake and that it was n't her place to diagnose your father .
' t is my place to look after them . ''
you will show your wife her place .
guys need to be reminded of their place every so often , '' she added with a severe glance at michael , who spluttered .
` ` so long as she knows her place , '' jane added .
he lay in his hospital bed smiling , trying to remember , conjuring victims and villains alike , cataloguing the cases by their key characteristics , then arranging them alphabetically to achieve some semblance of order , smiling as he worked it through , pleased with what a smart detective he was , even though he 'd got himself shot - until he lost his place and had to start all over again .
he knew it was n't his place to say anything .
and maybe even a son who may one day claim his rightful place at blackstone farms . ''
grace knew her position , and she knew her place , and it was not in the middle of a family affair .
she knew the rules , and she knew her place .
` ` jack ... '' she said , and he could hear it in her voice that she thought she should make an excuse , should say something about his duty or her place .
you 're a woman who 's destined for high places . ''
she knew her place then . ''
` ` well , right now her place is with the most popular clique in school .
she had n't found her place in the city , either .
riley did n't seem to understand that all creatures needed to know their place in the pecking order , whether person or dog or weirdly dressed rat thing .
and i think we can all agree she 's a greedy girl who needs to learn her place . ''
in many ways , he still struggled not to fall into that dark place in his soul .
she could n't save that girl , certainly ; it was n't her place to do so .
he said i had to earn my place . ''
if i were cured ... if i were cured , i could take my rightful place ... '' his words triggered something inside of lissa , a sudden consideration for the state of the moroi .
she 'd been defensive , bratty and sullen , but over time she 'd earned her place and now she was as fiercely protective of the family as any natural - born kelly .
you gave me a year when your place was with jason .
get on in there and claim your place , duncan macdowell . ''
so the answer is no , i would n't trade places with a human male and give up the advantages i ' ve inherited .
as peasants beholden to the imprisoned king , they have been taught their place .
you 're my woman , and your place is by my side .
after all , he was the man who had thumbed his nose at taking his rightful place in the family company and had instead , in ten short years , built one of the most dynamic , profitable cable companies around , buying up competitors for a song and turning them around , in part with the synergies created by his own burgeoning empire .
brielle had no idea , but it was n't her place to ask .