it 's been rather refreshing to see you putting dev into his well - deserved place .
and i did n't even have to get grilled to score my place here !
` ` i actually prefer it to my place in london , to tell you the truth .
if he were in her place , he would n't trust him either but now it was time to toss all that behind them and move forward .
but put yourself in my place .
` ` i am in your place .
and this little incident tonight proves that i was right in getting that in place . ''
the fact that she did n't really know who he was did n't occur to him until she 'd arrived on the plane , furiously putting him in his place , or at least where she thought he should be .
there are so many other women who would love to be in my place .
his entire life took place on one ranch , in the confines of his family , trussed up in their opinions of right and wrong .
he wanted to say something cutting and sarcastic , put ned in his place , but raoul and the other men in the fields of cassidy wineries popped into his mind .
that made him prouder than he could say about taking his place on the ranch .
` ` i told you she has a place with me . ''
i loved it when you put me in my place . ''
only a few people , me included , knew the true secrets of what had really taken place in that sex club and the depravity of some of its famous members , who had chaired the mayfield realties board .
at first , i felt out of place , but it was n't as bad as i imagined it would be .
` ` well , i guess it 's our place now , is n't it ? ''
i suddenly felt out of place , like i was intruding on a private moment .
and even more telling , she 'd had no objection when he had taken her to his place .
together they 'd found phenomenal success and made a place for themselves among the wealthiest people in the world .
heck , if i were in your place i 'd be shaking in my shoes . ''
his plan in place , rafe began to feel pleased with himself .
on the phone she 'd been so sure of herself , putting him in his place without so much as a stumble .
i should have known that last night was a mistake , but i can promise you that paul 's place is by your side .
his suit looked expensive , but it did n't fit him right and it looked out of place among the other guests ' casual t - shirts and shorts .
what about the guy whose place you 're taking ? ''
i 'd like to take your date 's place and have dinner with you . ''
` ` it 's a man 's place to protect a woman . ''
monday would be the day the merger was supposed to take place and i still had a few hunches to follow - up on before that meeting ; particularly since it was to take place in the morning .
` ` do you have someone who can take my place here at the farm ? ''
it would just be the students in her class who participated , and it would take place on campus .
she had a place at oxford but did n't want to go .
standing i front of him now , knowing that seconds ago , he had been hurt by someone that he 'd considered a friend , lana felt selfish and somewhat out of place .
moving into his place was the next step .
she desperately needed to put him in his place , give him a sound set down .
julianna grasped onto that news as a way to put the man in his place .
unfortunately , james was more bold than any man she 'd ever met in her life and she had no clue how to deal with him , how to put him in his place so that he followed the strict rules upon which her entire life revolved .
something that would put him in his place and show him that she refused to jump at his commands .
please call me when you have finished meeting with him to let me know if you have any hesitation to go ahead with the surgery , '' she said , excited that things were finally falling into place .
perhaps something assertive or witty , something that would put the awful woman in her place .
her father had preferred hurting people he did n't even know just so he could win this argument and put his only daughter in her place .
i ' m offering you continued funding plus a place in my laboratory where you can ensure that your work is not tampered with . ''
normally , she was able to put a man in his place easily , usually with just a simple look that said , ` ` do n't even bother . ''
and a huge change from my place in chicago . ''
this was not her place .
antonia tried to think of some witty remark to put him in his place , but her mind was blank .
if i promise to be a gentleman , would you come to my place ? ''
you put him in his place and that kind of behavior should be rewarded , not treated like the next youtube video gone viral .
i want you to put me in my place when i need it .
always a dig , putting him in his place , deflating his ego before it had a chance to expand .
the only difference was he was no longer a kid to be put in his place .
why was she so damn determined to carve a place for herself in this little town ?
i had patiently waited for her as i recalled what had happened in my place hours before .
` ` put yourself in her place .
last night , trey had offered his place as an alternative to hers , since logan 's team needed to revisit her house again saturday morning to sweep for more hidden equipment .
i 'd hate to put you or your boy toy in a bad place .
` ` it 's your place .
it 's not my place .
` ` he never likes to be put in his place by anyone , especially his younger brother .
in her place , that 's where tasha would be .
` ` you seem to have put him in his place . ''
she was about to be publicly linked with jordan powell , and she needed to look like a match for him , not feel out of place at his side .
' that woman needs to be put in her place , ' zageo muttered , determined to do it before the night was very much older .
' you put your father in my place ?
import and export , ' came the answer that allowed james to slot him into place , though it was n't the place he 'd first imagined .
it did n't matter how sternly she berated herself for imagining him in steve 's place , the fantasy kept popping into her head , gathering more and more attractive detail .
right now she was just meeting each day as it came , trying to evade any decisions which might commit her to a course that would put matt and herself in a bad place .
he felt he 'd earned his place , was proud of filling it , probably with distinction - an important cog in the peretti wheel .
having his wife desert him for a richer man and taking their son with her ... he was in a bad place right now .
i did n't want you to feel out of place with the people who 'll be there . ''
i ' ve stepped into her place , ' serena rushed out .
' but i 'll be in the same place with you as i was with lyall .
angry that he 'd been caught in a hard place , knowing he 'd come off as a real slime if he 'd tried to wriggle out of or skate over what had been going on with serena ?
' whatever kind of person bella was , you do her credit by being the person you are in her place .
it would sound like a plea for some kind of emotional reassurance which would be out of place in this situation .
tact , diplomacy , understanding ... liz grinned to herself as she reached for the telephone , ready now to get moving on sealing her place for this wonderful new adventure .
a handmaiden would n't talk back , put me in my place .
she had to keep in her place and he had to keep in his or this job would go haywire before it had even started .
what i am offering is a place in the countryside , near a good school , a beautiful home , a car , of course money , and introduction into better society than you have known . '
i have a meeting with some new japanese clients and want to get this deal sewn up before i have to take my place in the cottage at the end of the world . ''
how had he ended up exactly in his father 's place ?
oh , and do n't be mad at declan for letting me into your place .
and for a woman alone , fighting to make a place for herself , it took even more guts to stride right in , settle herself and immediately go to work carving out her own niche .
had n't she made a place for herself here ?
suddenly she realized how horridly out of place this warrior must look and feel in such a place .
you may sell anything you wish , but , '' she advised them , smiling , ` ` were i in your place , with something everyone wishes to buy , i 'd be careful to sell to those who will offer you the most - not the first person to offer you anything at all . ''
` ` what i would have said before if you 'd asked me : your place is with your husband .
` ` but if you tell everyone that you and paul are n't going to be married , then peter will just stand back , the way he always has , and let paul take his place .
` ` had i been in your place , i 'd have felt for a heavy , blunt object to hit him with ! ''
in his place , meredith would n't have been able to be civil , let alone friendly .
a few minutes later she jumped when the phone rang , its ordinary sound glaringly out of place in a fleeing cadillac limousine being driven by a man who was probably an ex - mobster .
matt , please , just put yourself in his place , '' she urged .
` ` it was n't a warning , it was an empty threat , '' meredith said slowly , trying to put herself in matt 's place and think how he would have felt .
she said as everything fell into place , and her blinding obsession with him gave way to agonizing reality .
ignoring ted 's warning squeeze on her knee at her combative tone , she said , ` ` put yourself in my place and assume for the sake of rhetoric that i took you as a hostage and you managed to escape from me .
you 're right about everything you just said , but if i were in your place , it would take me years to be as objective as you are now .
now , '' he continued conversationally as he counted out money , do n't know about you , but if i were in your place , i 'd like it if mitchell wyatt was forced to realize thathe 'd been used- '' as what ? ''
he was stepping into my father 's place , and my mom was letting him do it .
` ` i ' m afraid i do n't know anything about the wedding arrangements , '' she admitted , ` ` except that it 's to take place in a big church here in london . ''
feeling rather like a bothersome child who had just been firmly , but politely , put in her place , victoria said hesitantly , ` ` jason - why do you work so hard ? ''
realizing alexandra was about to refuse again , the duchess pulled out all the stops : ` ` alexandra , you are a townsende now , and your place is with us .
` ` he thinks , '' ian said dispassionately , ` ` that perhaps someone else has been taking his place in it . ''
in your place i would be sorely tempted to commit the act that you have already been accused of committing .
when his rage and pain had finally diminished enough , he 'd reconsidered wordsworth 's visit to her on her wedding day and put himself in her place .
` ` the fact is that i married a brilliant man , who taught me to always put myself in the opponent 's place and try to lee things from his point of view .
her smile faded as she continued , ` ` by putting myself in your place , i was even able to guess how you might react when i first came back .
` ` in your place , '' ian said , his voice rough with emotion as he laid his hand against her cheek , ` ` i think i 'd hate me . ''
i was in a bad place .
` ` i was in a bad place for a while after my mom died .
` ` do you know how many women would kill to be in your place ? ''
` ` i have a place in los angeles . ''
if all that was n't enough to make lauren aware of how out of place she was , each place setting at the table had enough utensils to fill her silverware draw at home .
` ` if i were in her place , it 'd take a hell of a lot more than flowers and an apology to give you another chance , so you need to think big .
` ` my mother could n't handle me , so she asked lou if he can put me in my place , you know .
i admit she had me for a brief moment with her friendly opening statement , but the stripper comment is her attempt to put me in my place .
she ca n't possibly be in a place where she 'd trust me enough , so i choose to postpone that conversation for another time .
l 's new porsche suv had to be purchased at a dealership in sydney and driven to wagga wagga , so it 's waiting in the parking garage at the hotel where my business meeting will take place .
every woman alive would kill to be in your place . ''
two short syllables to put me in my place .
` ` you wanted to put me in my place ? ''
not only because i wanted to put you in your place , but because i thought that if there was any chance that you could like me , any chance at all , then i wanted you to like me for me .
` ` i ' m probably grooming you to take my place . ''
that this is not my place .
he wanted you to be hurt in your mamma 's place , by seeing me married to him .
just politely put him in his place , but not so he loses face . ''
` ` derek wo n't say anything about the fact that i ' m not really married and he wo n't be there so it does n't matter if mark goes in my place .
my nephew can be quite difficult , but i ' ve heard that on more than one occasion , you put him in his place . ''
in the past when vincent had hurt her feelings , she came at him with such vengeance , happily putting him in his place and telling him to go to hell .
i love the way you put me in my place when i act like an idiot .
figured it was time to bite the bullet and at least have a place in new york , even though the stubborn mule refuses to move his base of operations here . ''
i was in a really bad place and , somehow , you were the only one that brought me back from it .
almost anyone in her place would have said and given anything for a chance to walk away from the situation .
i only wish his original plan , of kidnapping me , had worked , that i had n't sent you in my place and put you in his power .
` ` we set up a ruse to make her believe her original plan was working , that her son and her planned future husband 's daughter were allying with each other and would still sway my father to take his place in her game . ''
and for the first time , he put himself in her place .
taking jala 's place between his cousins , farooq chimed in , ` ` hmm , i can make use of your willingness to do anything for jala .
she said you did what she 'd promised me she 'd do one day , put me in my place . ''
and she would put me in my place , no matter how long it took , since i clearly had no idea what it was . ''
she knew if she took me with her , your mother would find ways to ' put me in my place . '
` ` i really do n't think my place will cut it with you .
things fell into place without a discussion ; they each knew which position to assume both in the bedroom and out in the real world .
then the walls would go back up and she 'd bring some random man in for the night and effectively put him back in his place .
but of course it made sense that he would have a place in the city , which was the financial center of the country .
` ` i was in a bad place six months ago when my dad died suddenly .
suddenly , a lot of things were falling into place .
i hesitated only a beat before offering , ` ` my place ? ''
the only elements of his appearance that are out of place are his wild chestnut curls and the sadness in his green eyes .
it was time to put ty firmly in his place .
to accept that you were finally in your right place ? ''
` ` i wanted to be there , in your place .
i felt out of place in my revealing dress , as they were all dressed very conservatively .
i just did n't think it was my place .
` ` not my place .
suzanne shot her a look that she interpreted as ` ` put this bitch in her place , '' but it was n't worth it .
maybe he did n't want suzanne in his place either now that he thought about it .
` ` kendall , that was two different things , and i was in a bad place .
he wanted to be with her constantly , wanted to make her laugh , and craved her sharp tongue putting him in his place .
that did n't seem right , since it was her place , so he nodded .
but when we 're alone in your place , what happens between us has nothing to do with money and nothing to do with any of the legalities or any contract i signed .
not for the balls - to - the - wall woman who had put him in his place on the dance floor .
cinderella never really got the opportunity to read the riot act to the stepmother , but harley enjoyed putting june in her place .
i ' m not sure how much of a good idea this is , but if he pushes his luck , put the little ass**le in his place . ''
` ` i suppose i just put him in his place , '' she said to avery .
a warning voice echoed in her head , reminding her he was n't a social worker and he was a threat to sam 's place in zoe 's well - loved family .
she obviously still did n't know what to make of zoe 's place in this situation and ryan was n't ready to fill her in .
and he could n't envision her hiring someone to toss his place when he 'd promised to bring the ring to their rendezvous .
he tried to distinguish kendall 's situation from jillian 's , to put himself in kendall 's place .
` ` but it was fun putting lisa in her place , was n't it ? ''
once again , i 'd forgotten about the interviews the board and human resources were conducting to fill the disgraced mr . craig 's place .
if it was my place . ''
i 'd put him in his place faster than you could say ` ` privileged . ''
my place then .
i plan for us to make a lot of noise , and i 'd like to keep that part of our relationship more private than is possible in her place .
put her in her place or ignore her ?
and i am rightfully put in my place when i glance at them and realize they are exactly what i said i did not have .
if i give in to my baser instincts , i will not earn my place here .
i mean , the only one who 'd know for sure is probably maggie , and you would n't catch me dead in her place when that question got asked .
i have two people who are more than ready to take my place at your company . ''
i would love to put them in their place , '' byron said , but he felt sick even saying the words out loud .
the last i heard from you , zack showed up at your place new year 's eve and you put him in his place and kicked his ass out . ''
do you think you can take my place in my family ? ''
i hoped to have a place in italy by summer 's end , and if everything worked out , denny tompkins would be just another memory from my rebellious past , that could fade away with very little bother to me .
i 'd been waiting on it for a while , and there 's a place for me in italy .
i loved the idea of her being here in my place even if i was n't going to be here with her .
until he 'd made me feel reassured of my place with him , in scotland .
what i wanted to do was shove the bimbo out of the way , and take my place at tyler 's side .
faith 's eyes were glued to the ropes around the woman 's wrists , and a peculiar ache settled in her chest as she imagined herself in the woman 's place .
daddy 's life insurance policy had paid the bills for several years , but eventually it ran out , and that left me in a really bad place .
before i whack you upside the head and take your place , you lucky bitch . ''
if i ca n't find a place at your side , it means i 'll go through life alone .
lin had arranged for the gersbach meeting with kam to take place at the reception for francesca 's showing , with dinner to follow at frais , elise 's new restaurant .
i ' m just thinking we should try to put ourselves in his place . ''
` ` you 're that same person who put me in my place the first time i met you .
dear nina , it 's only right that the woman i love be in her rightful place next to me .
i could n't help but smile at the memory of nina putting me in my place within a minute of meeting me .
each of you may think you can take my place and do a better job , but the fact is , you ca n't and you wo n't have the chance . ''
` ` she 's not going to stop , the shit i saw in her place , she 's obsessed .
at least i was sure things were running smoothly under the watchful eyes of the men i had in place for just such an occasion .
` ` yep everything 's in place gage . ''
chances are he heard them make mention of his father and his part in what had taken place here today .
sure , i 'd put miss rich bitch in her place , and i was feeling quite powerful for having done so , but i did n't know what she 'd do , given some time to plan her retribution .
it was n't directly insulting him , but a part of me wanted to put him in his place because he was risking too much by appearing here , amongst my friends with ashton in the mix .
it 's not my place to discipline other men 's submissives .
once he returned home and took his place in the lgbt community , he 'd see what he could do about that .
i took his place on stage and had the bizarre experience of having to read his lines all night long .
` ` his place here is way over the top . ''
it 's not my place . ''
i was relieved , but then polly took her place by my side and said , ` ` you ready to go inside ? ''
and i would never try to fill her place , '' i assured him as i knelt before him .
she needed to learn that this was a man 's world and she 'd do well to stay in her place .
but yet i feel out of place , a stranger in my own skin , like i ' m invading my own privacy by inviting him in .
he wanted to put me in my place , wanted to show her who called the shots , and she saw it .
and he knows where i stand , so if he suggests we move in to his condo again , i wo n't hesitate to put him in his place .
putting her in her place and then he all but dismissed her ?
` ` do i have permission to put him in his place again if he does n't behave ? ''
` ` put her in her place , rokudan .
` ` she grew into her place as my rope model , '' he said with a smile .
` ` everyone , sophia here will take my place until i get back .
mr . software billionaire probably has no idea how to deal with you putting him in his place . ''
well , hell , she 'd certainly put him in his place .
` ` i do n't want to go far , wyoming is in my blood , but there 's no place for me on the home place if i ' m not ranchin ' .
` ` that tongue of her can be laced with arsenic , and she ai n't afraid to put me in my place .
you 're still trying to find your place in a new town .
i just like putting him in his place . ''
` ` i 'd guess the crap rules are in place for you because cord remembers exactly how he was in high school , '' dalton said dryly .
` ` i 'd offer my place - which will be our place soon enough - but once we 're alone i ' m gon na be all over you . ''
she has effectively put me in my place and reminded everyone i ' m not of their social class .
suddenly , it feels as if he and i have switched places and i ' m the calm one and he 's off the deep end .
nathan mentioned it would take place at his family home , but back then she had n't realized his brother lived there .
` ` i wish to once again take my place in our village and there is but one way to do that . ''
he had often derided both his allies and his enemies for doing so , and he had never been able to fathom finding himself in such place , of wanting to spend more time with his mate for purposes other than putting a babe in her belly .
it wo n't kill him , but it will cause him to take my place in the book . ''
the guy who attacked me in your place is really scary , and not like the other scary things you play with .
he 'd never had a woman in his place before .
this place more boring than katoteros and i did n't know it could get more boring than katoteros .
` ` that 's not my place .
she had no doubt that in his place , kyrian would go back upstairs , lock his door , and do nothing .
if she wanted megeara to know , it was kat 's place to tell her , not his .
` ` no , but it would keep him in place . ''
maybe , but she wondered if she 'd be so altruistic in his place .
he left her to speak to her brother serre while aimee felt suddenly out of place and she did n't know why .
would that it were you in his place . ''
` ` one way or another , ash , i ' m going to find a way to put that goddess in her place . ''
` ` we 're going to solidify our place here . ''
it 's your place , not hers . ''
after all , how would she feel if she were in his place ?
` ` i ca n't believe you were going to call me a liar and take my place under the guillotine .
if he had her alone in his place , his hands would be all over her .
tzader had to ride herd on his tongue , which really wanted to put sen in his place .
if you 're not there for the tribunal meeting , tzader will have to take your place and accept the consequences of the ruling . ''
i only ask for the same chance any of you would want if you stood in my place today . ''
he takes a deep breath , and when he opens his eyes and speaks again , his voice comes out steadier : ` ` you and i were in a precarious place when you first came here .
it 's the same bag i arrived with , the same one i hid after only a few days because it looked too new and out of place in the middle of ansel 's warm and comfortable flat .
you can watch it all from your place at my side , tonight , at the seventh sacred site .
` ` and now i 'll let you hear the rest of it from jonathan , whose dream this is , '' said jace smoothly , and he retreated , letting sebastian slide easily into his place .
amazed , absolutely blown away by how a single word , a look or a touch , or just a sweet kiss from her could put me right in my place , completely humbled by her .
` ` i really regret suggesting that dee get a place here .
` ` i look that out of place ? ''
six f**king years i ve watched this zombie walk around in your place .
maybe the smugness of a man who knew he 'd put another man - and i used the term man for erik loosely - in his place .
i just could n't stay in his place .
he acted like he belonged there in my place .
not with her here in my place alone .
your dad is putting him in his place right now . ''
i felt a slight jostle and then amelie was in caden 's place as my cradler .
underground , but was she still in viggo 's place ?
` ` and what ... did he put you in your place ? ''
our place , too . ''
somewhere along the way , he decided he 'd do anything to put me in my place . ''
now , she 's trying to put me in my place , and that place is clearly beneath her and away from cain .
o , do you think that there are n't women who would give up everything to take your place , if only they had your beauty ? ''
it was nothing to them , as she was only one of many , and it had all been done a thousand times , and would be done again , and she must do her best or take her place tethered to that beam in the hall of punishments suffering for the amusement of no one .
how strange to have the power to literally transform yourself into other people , and yet be so unable to put yourself in their place .
somewhere he 'd acquired a pair of denim overalls , and since he was n't wearing a shirt underneath , he looked like he was about to take his place in the stripper lineup from the night before as the sexy farmer with the big pitchfork .
` ` my place , '' he agreed .
his place was not an option .
can i possibly make a place for myself among them ?
adventures are all very well in their place , he thought , but there 's a lot to be said for regular meals and freedom from pain .
he could admit to himself that in her place , he 'd have a hard time trusting a vampire , too .
somehow , he was being gentle with her , his caresses so out of place with the anger she could feel still seeth - ing inside him .
refusing to pass your latest , unsuitable catch into the strand won your place with us , not the other way around . ''
if he did n't want to be place here , i did n't want to be placed here , and spells could unfortunately be traced back to their maker .
` ` you have a place here . ''
trent must believe most powerfully that you can put ku'sox back in his place . ''
` ` not your place ... are we even now ?
if i ever see another vampire in my place , i ' m going to shoot them on sight ! ''
the waves are putting those pesky witches in their place , too . ''
did he simply wish to put her in her place ?
so if you could lock him up without having to worry about his taking over your body , would you let me go and lock him up in my place ? ''
` ` one of the seven was recently killed , and someone must take his place , whether born or created . ''
` ` imagine yourself standing here , in my place .
` ` i ' m in a bad place right now , lucien . ''
but die in his place ?
` ` your sister will never forgive you for taking her place at the king 's side . ''
his eyes widened as everything finally slid into place .
i will put you in your place for the humiliation you caused . ''
` ` you're - you 're trying to put me in my place , then .
sienna 's not done putting you in your place . ''
apparently danika , the current all - seeing eye , had foreseen that terrible things would take place at the fortress in budapest , and she 'd sensed staying close to william was the only way to survive .
dared place yourself in danger , when you know you 're the most precious thing in the world to me ? ''
well , i 'll put you in your place , '' she said softly , fiercely , ` ` right underneath me . ''
one moment you would be talking to a shifter or fighting an ogre , and the next moment a human would be in his place .
just because i put you in your place , now i ' m suspect ? ''
` ` i - i - ` ` could n't let what she 'd shown me matter , much as i loved knowing rome had put her in her place and defended me .
i try to put myself in jeanine matthews 's place .
` ` that execution will take place here . ''
he is going to find a place for me on the staff of his new production company .
i wondered if she still was or if she was confident in her place now .
that kid needed to be put in his place , so that 's what i did .
i could n't believe i 'd invited sawyer to my place , and after i 'd just promised myself i would n't .
after i spank you and put you in your place , of course .
five minutes after he 'd left the villa in bacalar , unsure he 'd ever be able to bear the sight of the goddess again - because surely her ` ` slip '' had been meant as a slight , intended to put him in his place for what he 'd done to her - he had received the call and then gotten on the next flight out .
there 's no better means to put a woman in her place . ''
i should have felt good for putting him in his place .
the skit was fantastic and it had all fallen into place .
i stood there seething , feeling like a child who had been put in his place .
you put me in my place and you are most definitely not a doormat .
completely out of place but obviously not wanting to leave maggie .
i should probably put him in his place .
after my mini - meltdown in the bathroom at school , i was in a surprisingly good place .
but he was also the guy who had tried to take my place in my girl 's life and he was not my favorite person .
i was in a good place , though i continued to have my setbacks .
i felt sick to my stomach as i recal ed the look on his face last night as he had tried to put me in my place .
i was the one who bore witness to the highly questionable things that had taken place in my home over the past nine years , things that nicholas did without a second thought if it benefitted him in any way .
his voice came low and pleading as he asked , ` ` my place ? ''
but i 'd been the tall , gangly one - the scrawny little brother who 'd end up with a fat , bloody lip after blake put me back in my place when i tried to stand up to him .
troy was dying to vocalize it , i knew , to curse william 's name and his sudden reappearance , but saying it aloud would only be a testament to the one person who had ever dared to put troy back in his place .
when i 'd left to come home for the summer , i never could have imagined what would take place in three short months .
she was nice enough , maybe a little out of place here , like she was testing herself , learning who she wanted to be .
if i were in his place , i would n't know what to feel either .
i let myself picture david there , in his place , for just a second .
i would n't challenge david in a room full of people : he 'd only make more of an effort to hold strong and put me in my place , and that would just create a massive scene , degrading david 's pride even more in the process and hindering any hope i had of sorting things out with him .
even so , as i throw myself into the chores , i ca n't help but wonder if that day at the lake really was as final as it felt to me then : a moment out of place in the rest of my regular life .
if she thinks i need reassuring at all , then it must be clear i ' m totally out of place .
' i had known someone was tapping into my mind for a while and when fabian told me about your dreams , it all slotted into place , ' he continued .
' violet is not going anywhere that i do not go , and as the heir to the throne , my place is here . '
` ` then your detention will take place after textiles , and you will have to miss work . ''
put yourself in my place , '' zane instructed .
` ` ty put her in her place just now . ''
she actually believed this would put him in his place .
his stomach turned at the thought of any of these men in burns 's place , lying dead on the floor , murdered .
i ' m not going to have to lie and tell him that laken is functioning at an optimal prime - not one memory out of place , not one emotional outburst .
plus she 's got a smart mouth , and i can appreciate a girl who can put me in my place once in a while .
it 's your place . ''
he 's covering for what takes place in the interim .
` ` i guess it 's time to put chloe in her place . ''
` ` in any case , '' i continue , ` ` i knew you were powerful enough , smart enough to put demetri in his place .
marshall will probably put the kibosh on operation ` ` let ezrina suffer in my place , '' so i decide to keep my lips sealed temporarily .
it 's time to put her in her place once and for all .
` ` let logan die in your place like the coward you are . ''
he 's a little punk that needs to be put in his place once in a while . ''
drake takes his place nervously by brielle 's side .
it 's more southern charm than it is nasty , but for all practical purposes i do n't mind tad being put in his place , not even in this bizarre state .
` ` if our lives were n't so intertwined , i would have put warren in his place a long time ago .
speaking of which , i tilt into my father and wait for him to put warren in his place because god knows if i do it we 're looking at an awkward evening that will start with expletives and probably end with a kick in the balls .
the girl backs away , and laney and baya take her place .
for instance '' -she glances at the bevy of girls behind her , and the entire lot of them shrink in fear , well , not really but you could see it in their eyes- '' when lynn here got her hair chopped off at a place that specializes in ten dollar hack jobs , i let her know that little follicular f**k - up was going to cost her a place at the next four social events with our matchups at sigma theta tau . ''
` ` if you 're going to be a sarcastic asshole the entire time you and i are in the same room together , '' i replied smugly , knowing i was going to hit a nerve , ` ` i 'll just get suzie to take my place here while i go continue my lunch date with allen . ''
` ` you 're going to invite me in your place so we can work out all the reasons why you ran from the villa today . ''
he also did it when he intended to put someone in their place , like he was going to put lily now .
i felt the heavy anger filling my place and i watched cal stalk in from my entry , wondering if maybe i should n't have given him the gate code .
got a place in florida .
but with relationships like ours , the person in gran 's place can often get stuck in a time when they 're needed and they might not realize they 're not needed in that way any longer .
` ` change places with me , my love , and tell me ... '' his hand gave me a squeeze too and he continued , ` ` even if it was anyone but especially that it was this woman , a woman we argued over , an argument that spurred me to do something unwise which caused a rift between us , a woman you could only be sensitive about and , perhaps not now but possibly later , think about her , think about my thoughtless actions and what they led to and then let that fester .
her face softened and so did her voice when she said , ` ` i understand this would be upsetting to you but it is your place to sit at his side .
` ` put yourself in my place , '' he urged .
` ` i can put myself in your place and maybe the cora of your world could pull something like that off for that period of time .
they both loved sommersgate and she thought they would do nothing to put their places there in jeopardy .
` ` cast your mind back to this afternoon , mom , when jack put us both in our place , '' mom demanded .
dates usual y did n't take place at someone 's house .
no doubt about it , you 're in a tight place .
she did n't like it , but since she was still mostly a stay - at - home mom with only a part - time job - but a nice house and nice car all paid for by zano family money - she was in a tight place .
she was n't at all prepared for what took place at the airport that day .
and suddenly i was n't okay with the plan i 'd put into place .
trehmont tucked her arm under his and patted it , as if she were a child he had just put in her place .
regardless of mo being pregnant ... you ca n't trust me because i ' m a campisi , and eventually it will be time to take my place ... in hell . ''
and it was all because chase winter had not only scolded me , but kissed me , put me in my place , and caused me to forget my own address .
nixon wanted me to take my place alongside these guys ?
she 's the one who put a demon in his place .
i needed to rebuild my world and figure out my place in it before i would be safe around the general population .
` ` fight or flight , '' noah said as something clearly fit into place for him .
if i took jamie 's place it would n't matter that it was n't possible ; jude would be busy with me , giving the rest of them a chance to get all of us out .
it puts me in a much darker place . ''
not that it bothers me - quite the opposite - but i get the feeling she 's jealous of seraphina and is trying to take her place in all ways , not just in my heart .
i hated that i had to put my mom in her place like that , but i spoke what i felt in my heart , and that was something my mom always taught me to do .
i pictured the two of us in their place .
i tried to picture myself in her place , going through the motions all her life , and it only made me squirm inside my skin .
he 'd managed to forge a place for himself at court with sheer cunning , but it had n't been enough .
they were n't going to give him a place at her side .
trapped in a sense of nightmarish disbelief , kata watched uriel deliberately place himself between her and the gruesome freak that had once been her sister .
do you believe you belong in my place ? ''
` ` well , except on those occasions when my mate needs to be put in his place . ''
` ` if he 's anything like cezar i would think that he needs to be put in his place on a daily basis . ''
` ` it was not my place so long as the previous king still sat on the throne . ''
` ` and that truly does put me in my place , does n't it ? ''
unlike zoe who was temperamental , and dangerously obsessed with claiming a place at roke 's side .
` ` her place is with me at my lair , '' he growled .
at first , i was hesitant to be friends with natasha , who had stepped into porsche 's place .
i was expecting her to slap me in the face and put me in my place , remind me that she was my mistress and i was her slave , but she just stopped pacing and looked at me with a bitter smile .
i would ' ve hated myself too had i been in her place .
i would ' ve suspected myself too had i been in his place .
put her in her place ?
` ` my brother is there in my place .
stuck in my place in front of clark , i look at the new guy through lowered brows .
` ` i ' m not saying it will be easy to let my little girl go , and to know that i ' m no longer the first man she 'll turn to , but if anyone is going to take my place , i ' m glad it 's you , ford . ''
it was long past time to put him in his place .
` ` it 's been twenty - two years since my father died and until you , i never told anyone how hard it was on me to take his place in the family .
she should have come back with a quick retort , something to put him in his place .
he had n't when he 'd been in her place .
this was not someone who liked to rely on others , but clearly his life had put him in a place where he had no other choice .
looks out of place here - which i ca n't help but think recommends her .
` ` after i put that cunt in her place . ''
devina drew her hand through her hair , reassuring herself that it was all still in place , that talking about this had n't magically revealed her true ugliness .
behind him , a chuckle rose from the brotherhood , as if they rather enjoyed the dandy getting put in his place by their ruler .
` ` i should have known you 'd put him in his place . ''
she 'd gotten lucky when she 'd found the transport ship headed here , and even luckier that one of blur 's gang spotted her when she got off the ship and offered her a place with the gang .
thirty - nine completely out of place in the decay of the tenement , a gleaming ship sat at the end of the street .
it 's not your place .
had i been in his place i would have done the same , '' liam told her sternly , his arms tightening around her as she resisted his hold .
i bet no one had put him in his place like that before .
` ` we were both in a bad place . ''
well , that puts you in your place , i thought to myself .
zane shook his head and laughed , and i felt angry with him for not putting her in her place .
` ` it 's not my place .
with all the emotional turmoil he had been through recently , i was n't sure if he was in a good place to be a father .
` ` i was in a bad place .
` ` put me in my place , why do n't you ? ''
i felt out of place and even more uncomfortable than before .
` ` you have put both of my brothers in their place , what 's not to love ? ''
` ` well i guess that puts me in my place . ''
somehow you know just what to say to put me in my place and remind me that i ' m not a god . ''
i have given the council long enough to surrender , and now that they have chosen not to , i will do what i must to put them in their place . ''
if it 's not my place , then whose is it ? ... we ' ve gone over this before .
those six words put him in his place and removed the distraction he 'd so eagerly embraced .
` ` that 's not your place !
she was n't sure of her new place at blackmoor hall .
but she would be as out of place in your world as you would be in hers . ''
he raised his chin as if he 'd just put ted in his place , but ted was n't willing to let it go that easily .
` ` it ... it was his place , not mine .
would he find her place as pathetic as he did her situation ?
she supposed she did n't fully trust dylan , either , because she was also eager to see if he 'd gone to the shop as he 'd said - or if he 'd just wanted to escape her place .
` ` i 'd rather you came to my place .
telling herself she should save all other questions until this vital piece of information was in place , she started to leave , but her curiosity got the better of her , and she turned back at the door .
she was pressing her advantage , so he put her in her place .
and i would ' ve given anything to be in your place . ''
i thought someone would finally put him in his place .
for that matter , why had n't she gone to his place ?
too preoccupied to put him in his place , even when he laughed , francesca answered without the stinging reprisal that would ' ve been part of her response on any other day .
and although part of her balked at stating what she 'd kept to herself for so long - what felt dirty and shameful and better off forgotten - another part was dying to pour it all out and put him in his place .
he could remember her threading them through his as he made love to her , remembered thinking that stuart would give anything to be in his place for once .
my face burns with the shame of being put in my place .
i so wanted to put him in his place , but a part of me really enjoyed the innuendos .
do you wish you were in my place ?
she said his aid - or lack thereof - had the power to turn the tides of the war , and i needed to be in place there to keep them apprised of d'albret 's intentions . ''
before i can come up with something to say to put him in his place , he asks , ` ` where are you traveling that you must be out on the road so late at night ? ''
it is not like ismae 's new life with the noble duval , or even sybella 's new place at the heroic beast 's side .
` ` but i have no place there , not once my unwelcome duties have been seen to . ''
i do n't think it 's my place but whatever . ''
i was in a bad place for years until you came along .
i was stuck in this awful place and the only thing keeping me from losing it was calvin , the memories of him and , yes , even the hopes , because as imperfect as our relationship had been , i still had hope for us .
i tried to put myself in his place , and realized we looked exactly like what we were : a family .
i felt her inside of me somewhere making a place for herself .
he gives me a weak nod as we both probably recall his first management meeting , which took place at colicchio and sons .
i needed soothing tonight after a crazy fan tried to put me in my place on the way backstage .
no matter how bad i want to put frankie in his place , now is not the time .
it 's driving me crazy , him being here , healthy , looking at me like he wants to f**king help me , too , when he was in my place once .
` ` man , i thought i 'd get brownie points for putting him in his place . ''
` ` no , the guy needed to be put in his place .
` ` one for putting mister asshole in his place .
i rise from the chair , wanting to say more , put him in his place , but that would be risking mine and tristan 's jobs so , i keep my mouth zipped .
a stiff kick in the balls would free me from what was about to take place , but it did n't help with the fear i had of living under the same roof with a monster .
if i were in her place , maybe i would have done the same thing .
` ` it 's not your place .
when she got a phone call , she left me sitting there , feeling very out of place .
how do you think i felt when that pastor put me in his place ?
i knew a baby would n't solve all of my problems , but we were in a good place and i wanted him to know it .
i have every right to put you in your place .
lacey came into my place and bent down on her knees .
i do n't know what you believe , ramsey , and maybe saying this might make you hate me even more , but i have to believe that your girls are in a better place .
i just felt like it was n't my place , but he insisted .
here i was , standing in this guy 's place .
chapter 13 shayne my friends place at the beach was n't anything to write home about .
his brother 's staying in his place until the lease is over with . ''
if she saw how easily morgan had stepped into her place as queen of the second - year mythos students .
despite everything that had happened with the candle , the spartan and i had forgiven each other , and we were in a good place now - and stronger than we 'd ever been before .
` ` you ' ve really put me in a bad place , chance .
i can feel myself frown because he just managed to shrink my place with his presence .
i remain in my place , letting her get accustomed to me .
` ` in her place , i would have done the same thing .
thomas 's nervous expression told her more than words could how out of place in this new setting he felt .
` ` she probably could n't set boundaries and , when necessary , put you in your place .
` ` i lost my own parents , but i had my grandparents to take their place .
i told you at the start of this thing that if i were in his place , i 'd do the same .
he was definitely not in a good place .
when you dealt with guys like this you did not want to find yourself wedged into a tight place .
in his place i 'd laugh too .
` ` you 're in my place now !
i ' m in place , i ' ve got the background and i ' m good . ''
it had all been part of his grand plan to nudge his way gently into her life and see if he could make a place for himself .
verity pushed back the covers , making a place for him beside her .
` ` you do have a way of putting a man in his place , sariana , '' gryph made himself say smoothly .
what would you have done in my place ? ''
` ` in your place i would ' ve auctioned myself off if i thought i 'd get more than one bid . ''
` ` okay , you ' ve put me in my place .
dominance was about putting full - of - themselves , arrogant lupine shifters in their place .
` ` you go in my place , tell them i 'll come later . ''
in your place , i 'd be gone . ''
` ` well , in your place , i would go . ''
` ` well , you 're not in my place , are you ? ''
most people in her place would be rolling around in money .
and jesus tells him to keep the commandments , and if he really wants to ensure his place in heaven , to give away all his possessions to the poor .
that 's why i am here , stepping into my uncle 's place until he can return to active service .
` ` any man of honor in my place would do the same . ''
he 'd put the bitch in her place , but he 'd do it more subtly than julio ever could .
he understands my reasons , and in my place he would do the same thing .
he does n't have a place yet , and attacking the clan leader needs punishment .
to put one of his lackeys in your place ?
i was attacked , and anybody in my place would defend themselves .
what would you have done in his place , william ? ''
enrique had demanded even more favors from diego 's mother , but she 'd managed to put him in his place over that .
` ` we 're in place . ''
i do n't want the females worrying about fending off mate - claims on top of everything else they ' ve gone through , until they ' ve found a place in shiftertown and are ready to live their own lives .
` ` even if she 'd been a plucky young woman ready to put you in your place , you 'd never have left her destitute , especially not with a child .
ian would be annoyed at hart when hart interrupted his fishing trip , but ian knew how to put hart in his place .
his gaze was filled with hot determination , the elliot who 'd carved a place for himself in a faraway land and did n't let nearly a year of imprisonment kill him .
in my place , you have to ask yourself , is saying no worth the problems , the nagging , the accusations of not being a good son , the lectures from both of my parents , and the story of how my mother was in labor for forty hours , which i can recite from memory .
in their place , i would ' ve done the same thing .
barabas stepped into his place and leaned against my desk , his arms folded over his chest .
` ` there are some women who 'd be offended in my place , '' i told him .
dissolve and be forgotten , so i will stand in your place .
time for a biting quip , the wit violet had learned that put a forward gentleman into his place .
i wo n't get you a place in one of my brothers ' houses .
was dad trying to put him in his place ?
his eyes skipped over the words : a string of excuses , a list of previous plans for the holiday weekend , worries about air travel and the cost of the trip , suggestions that they might be out of place with his ` ` movie friends '' anyway , apologies and promises to make it up to him when he returned to california .
i stepped out of my pants , feeling out of place in his apartment .
` ` so he can send another man out here in your place ? ''
` ` i simply must meet whoever has put you in your place so thoroughly , tepesh , '' an unfamiliar british voice stated .
` ` looks as though she 's put you in your place as well , bones , '' vlad drawled .
denise felt ill even as several things clicked into place .
robert asked questions to embarrass me and put me in my place .
she seemed out of place in dad 's leather office chair , sitting behind his massive wooden desk and pecking at the computer .
the feeling was magnified by a thousand now that i did n't have to picture myself in the racer 's place .
he 'd never looked so much like my father , and it was time to put him in his place .
adam had told me two days before that i 'd screwed my chances with sean by taking his place in the wakeboarding show .
if i pretended to get hurt so sean could take my place in the show , he probably would n't ask me out .
he did n't acknowledge me at all as he stepped into will 's personal space and said , looking down at him , ` ` you 're in my place . ''
and he stood tall like a warrior , out of place in our dopey drum line .
i fantasized about switching places with jimmy , so that i stood between him and travis .
i would n't even be trading if i were in those girls ' place .
he 'd wanted to put her in her place , not crush her .
i wished , at that moment , that i could trade places with her , that i was the clueless southerner wide - eyed at new york , wanting nothing more out of life than a fabulous professional job and a meaningful love relationship , ecstatic at the prospect of forced flirting with a boy from class .
she tried to imagine how she would feel in his place .
on the other hand , i did n't think i could be happy here , in his place , either .
` ` it 's what i 'd want to know , if i were in your place . ''
` ` do you really have a place here , in the city ? ''
` ` your place is here .
he 's got a place with his fiance . ''
i nodded , letting him know i was all in , as though my place on his lap did n't already say it all .
chapter sixteen gavin of all the stupid things i 'd done , letting becca slip out of my place was the dumbest .
i do n't think there 's anything for her in boston anymore , and i want her to know she can have a place here if she wants . ''
but it was the vampire who had taken his place to my right who answered .
i would feel the presence of other brains at work , and the fact that someone was in my place enraged me farther .
i offer you a place at my side . ''
eric was in a bad place , because he was definitely interfering with the execution of the queen 's orders - at least , i assumed the queen knew about this - but i could only pray he stayed to help me .
she , who killed my king and his lieutenant jennifer , she has offered me a place with her .
i offered henrik a place with me and protection .
i 'd heard that the law ( in this case , andy bellefleur and his fellow detective alcee beck ) suspected more took place at dawson 's shop than motorcycle repairs , but they 'd never caught dawson doing anything illegal .
but if i went into the employees ' bathroom or the public ladies ' room , i 'd end up crying , because it hurt to be admonished and it hurt to be wrong ; but most of all , it hurt to be put in my place .
in his place , i would probably feel the same way .
he could not help but start to imagine the scene taking place next door , picturing positions and stiletto heels .
but she 's in a bad place right now , and i ca n't push her . ''
which is another reason i like boxing - it 's the perfect opportunity to put idiots in their places without being charged with assault .
i offered him my place and told him she could share my bed with me too . ''
one baby would be okay in our place now , but two would be pushing it . ''
he needs someone to put him in his place and keep him on his toes .
sylvia chose a garden at the hall in hell , but ... '' ` ` your place is here , with the daughter of your soul . ''
` ` he 's planning to push cassie out come spring and put that bitch kermilla in her place . ''
instead , you stepped into another queen 's place , acquiring her court and the villages she ruled . ''
had they been promised a place in kermilla 's court and had the assurance that their own status would n't change ?
but once kermilla had the assurance of her place in dena nehele , everything would settle down .
` ` well , '' lucivar said , ` ` i guess that puts us in our place . ''
itwas my place . ''
if you were in my place , what would you think ? ''
he had a place here , a family here , a queen he loved and felt honored to serve .
but there 's only one person who can tell him what took place in the abyss . ''
she filled her voice with the cool disdain she used whenever an aristo male needed to be put in his place .
i 'll try my best to go in your place .
` ` daniel , you are a forever guy , and i ' m just not in that place to embrace whatever this is going on between us and run with it .
if the worst happens - if there 's a direct attack on cadogan - i want everyone in place , knowing their positions , knowing their responsibilities , knowing whether you 're guarding zone or man - to - man . ''
if he could put me in my place , i could remind him of his .
` ` does putting me in my place make you feel better ? ''
` ` but that 's not going to stop me from putting these dumbshits in their places .
` ` you definitely put him in his place . ''
there were only a couple of male vampires left , but they shuffled out after whistles and catcals about what they joked was going to take place with me , margot , and lindsey after they left .
` ` i do n't want you or your place to get hurt because of us , '' i said .
` ` and we need something snappy to put the little shits in their places . ''
the plan in place , charla nodded decisively and stood up .
` ` better me than them in my place , '' ethan said .
` ` that puts me in my place , '' i admitted .
` ` you know you got a place here .
i was n't sure what it said about me that my ` ` quiet '' time took place on the crowded and loud streets of new york city , and it was the one thing i did n't try to analyze .
exactly where was the devil and how come he never put beelzebub in his place ?
logan and i ... his words trailed off and i understood that he was in a tough place , between his brother and his girlfriend .
i stuffed it into my pocket and continued to stare down at the horrible sight , and i felt terrible knowing she died in heven 's place .
she was kidnapped , stolen from her life in paris , which is one reason i have a place here . ''
but i have a place in manhattan as well . ''
he had to tap into his ancestral power or he 'd die on this table , because the last thing he 'd ever do was place himself in sweet dove 's hands again .
but the part of him that had served as a warrior for centuries also knew the need for downtime so he 'd put himself in her place .
so many pieces of grace 's life fell into place for leto , the choices she 'd made , her incessant spiritual journey that never seemed to end .
` ` well , she kind of put me in my place about it .
for a long time , from halfway through her recitation , he had taken to trembling and weeping and calling for his mother , and all she had done was place his sins before him .
whatever antony 's life had been on mortal earth so many centuries ago , he 'd made a real place for himself on second earth , something that resonated with medichi 's history in old italy .
i ' m putting you on guardian duty and he 's taking your place at the borderlands .
the truth was , she 'd need her sleep , dammit , lots of it to be ready to undergo this latest farce , which would take place in about twelve hours .
and what she 'd said was true because if it was n't in samantha 's heart to make a place for herself in ethan 's world , then nothing could move her here , not a dozen mastyrs , not a powerful fae , nothing .
she had so many questions about her place in bergisson and she had questions about where she should land , whether the nine realms or shreveport .
you stay here and i 'll take your place at the hotel and keep an eye on them . ''
so yeah , i was in a bad place , and when i ' m in a bad place , i lash out .
she was right , and holy hell , she 'd put me in my place .
` ` you definitely put her in her place . ''
it was meant to put me in my place .
the lips that just put jj in his place touched mine .
as an independent , strong woman , she 'd probably be a little proud that i ' m gon na put him in his place .
i am out of place here .
` ` tried it more than once and she put me right in my place .
if things in this backwoods room seemed strange , how much more out of place would he be if he left the islands altogether ?
that sure put him in his place .
pull out the adult authority , put him in his place and get him out the door .
the trauma of the car explosion may have happened in the civilian world , but it bore a stark resemblance to the type of event that could have taken place on an iraqi roadside .
yeah , being saddled with a name like ivy might put scorch in his place , a man with an inbred confidence from inherited privilege .
now did n't that put her in her old - lady place ?
he did n't intend to let her fight the battle alone , but damn it , she 'd earned her place on the front lines .
he could n't even stomach thoughts of monica being in her sister 's place .
she deserved better than he could give her , not that he could stomach the thought of anyone else stepping into his place .
a few well - placed put - downs and we 'll set that cretin in his place . ''
you 're in my place . ''
looking at tanner and remembering his words to her after they 'd made love , words she somehow knew he did n't scatter about easily , she wanted to step outside of her safe world and find a place for herself in his .
glitches in the paperwork had her scrambling during what should have been a smooth transition to place magda in her foster care long - term , adoption pending .
i just try and put myself in her place .
` ` when i was younger , i 'd take the matchbooks out and imagine myself in my mother 's place . ''
chelsie had managed to put him in his place and make him feel petty without resorting to feminine tactics .
her place or his , she did n't care .
since his return , cole had been working construction for nick 's company , and cole appreciated knowing he 'd always have a place with his cousin when he needed one .
erin let out a gleeful laugh , obviously appreciating her brother being put in his place by his wife .
` ` shit , '' cole said at last , staring at the pint - sized dynamo who 'd put him in his place .
on the surface , both men , l.a . art dealers , were n't out of place at an art show , where they routinely discovered new talent .
i promise you 'll be impressed , '' corinne said , taking his place in the chair by joe 's bed .
he did n't have any siblings , but he knew without a doubt , if he were in logan 's place , he 'd want to kill .
feeling out of place here did n't help her frame of mind , merely heightened a fear catherine normally suppressed .
her place could be a front as his informant claimed .
when dare had offered to go in ethan 's place , nash had n't argued .
only the fact that she 'd seen him feeling awkward and out of place at his own brother 's wedding had her considering leveling with him now .
i just put myself in your place . ''
` ` long enough to put me in my place and then once joanne introduced us , to blast me for encouraging your interest in sports .
` ` vaughn 's place in greenlawn , '' she said of her husband 's lodge .
she was sitting on an overstuffed ottoman in front of her computer , which she 'd placed on one of the nightstands - strangely her mother had decided a desk chair would be out of place in a room that had no desk .
but even then , why would n't he want to come to her place ?
that certainly put him in his place .
` ` some of my best memories took place here . ''
at the end of that time , if you have found one christian soul to voluntarily take your place in the land of the goblins , then you shall be free and i shall trouble you no more . ''
` ` but if he does n't , '' her uncle said , in a low voice , ` ` you always have a place with me .
how he could remain on the earth for only one year unless he could find someone to take his place in the kingdom of the goblins of their own volition .
she felt wildly out of place here in the house where lister lived with his legitimate family .
he was as out of place as a jaguar in a room full of tabby cats : raw , vital , and not quite civilized .
he was ready to strike , but could n't make a move until sullivan and reilly were in place .
the team leader had made a tough call by pulling d out , but luke knew that if he 'd been in trev 's place , he 'd have done the same f**king thing .
just as no one could have taken my place with you . ''
more than likely the threat was to her brother , and she 'd been the one to allow him to take her place in the public eye .
` ` you would never allow a fellow teammate to go in your place and put his life on the line , possibly blow a mission .
if anyone had asked her why , she would n't have been able to articulate why exactly , but he seemed out of place in the environment - far too sensitive for this kind of work .
for a moment she was aware of being in two places , the long blood - filled tunnel with glassy eyes staring at her and a hand gripping hers .
she wanted to disappear , let saber wynter die and someone else , someone who didn't - couldn't - feel like this take her place .
` ` so you 're the woman who has finally put jess in his place . ''
` ` please , for just a minute , put yourself in my place .
that 's why kadan montague took his place on the team . ''
my mind continually has to work on them , and i get a rush when the patterns all click into place . ''
riley tried to put herself in gary 's and jubal 's shoes , to imagine what she 'd do in their place .
although karen never considered the proposition , she 'd met with him at eliza 's request and decided that what he really needed was a strong woman willing to put his family in their place .
his place on the team was invaluable .
you 're living in my place with a child that is n't yours .
` ` ok , '' she said , following his instructions and taking her place at his side .
hell , he would be if he were in her place .
' t was up to him to put the man in his place .
liz realized just how out of place he was in this time .
think about what you would want if you were in my place .
` ` i could n't agree more , but it 's lizzy 's place to choose who that man will be .
` ` simon , our place is n't here . ''
before i knew what was happening there you were , putting him in his place . ''
he looked completely out of place in her ultra - feminine room .
but narcise remained in her place , a distance away .
yet ... he 'd been in dimitri 's place , that night in vienna , and somehow moldavi had caused the building to burn to the ground and resulted in the death of dimitri 's mistress .
the mice do n't belong in my place , and i ' m going to see that if they trespass , they pay the price , '' she replied tartly .
i admired you ... even loved you ... but i wanted to be in your place . ''
if he had n't come after her that night , if he had n't followed her from the bar , he 'd still have his place .
` ` you mean , your place here in- '' ` ` no .
to die in someone else 's place .
because , in your place , i would be . ''
` ` i ' ve got a place in the hamptons .
and when i got access to the right computer equipment ... photo imaging software , hospital databases ... it all fell into place for me . ''
she got that but ... ` ` i ' m not going to let saxon die in my place ! ''
i was just in your place doing some handiwork for teagan . ''
but i just have to ask you right now , from the bottom of my heart , if you could quit playing this game with me , because i ' m not in a good place to deal with it . ''
my former plans for my future life seem very out of place right now .
` ` my place , '' had been his growled response .
` ` as long as no one gets seriously hurt in his place , niol tolerates just about anything . ''
promised he 'd have you waiting for me ... '' ` ` i was n't waiting , '' noelle snapped out as more pieces from her past slid into place .
the pieces were all in place for noelle now .
` ` someone was in my place , '' she said again , dogged .
` ` no matter what i said , i could n't get the guy to let me in his place , so i finally left .
it was odd being in a man 's place again .
he 'd fight to give paige a place at his side because he damn well was n't living without her .
we 're out of place here , and i think suddenly that this risk is too big .
but i still think he likes me , and now that i ' ve put him in his place , he 's ready to apologize and we can move on . ''
nick inhaled deeply , preparing himself to go back to a time that he hated - preparing himself to reveal something that might make his job to earn a place in her life even harder .
there was almost a click in shaya 's head as everything he 'd done or said since they first found each other fell into place for her .
` ` if we 're going with the theory that he 's someone local , '' said taryn , ` ` you do realize that places jesse , bracken , and zander under suspicion , do n't you ?
i 'd make a place for myself in the human world . ''
but i will be going in the hope of increasing my odds of getting a place in that pack because the alternative is taking a chance being out there on my own and that 's not acceptable to me . ''
` ` he 's going to fall in from behind and take our place at the rear of the handlers .
we 're going to now take his place at the front . ''
you could make a place for yourself here . ''
that gave us no additional time to train : we would literally have to put ourselves in place tomorrow evening and lie in wait .
we can not go into this situation with them in place ... ` ` the voices faded out as the speakers started moving down the hall again .
i might agree with her , if i were in her place .
i do n't know what i might do in her place . ''
teeg was lissa 's son and he had a place here .
i would n't either , if i were in her place , tory returned .
` ` someone was in my place , '' i say .
` ` very effective at keeping you in your place . ''
` ` this should keep you in your place , '' he murmurs .
i could go in your place , which would be the best idea , but i am afraid it will anger him .
he had asked reed to go , but then he 'd made the comment that reed would most likely feel out of place .
talk about putting me in my place .
i 'd never met a person so concerned about his privacy , and so concerned about keeping me in my place .
caine stood staring out the window , reminding me of the first time he 'd been in my place .
the awkwardness put me in my place faster than intimidation ever could .
i crossed my arms and smiled , happy that they were finally in their place .
everything she said was enough to cut through me and finally put me in my place .
that 's how long since i saw marco - my last image of him was india place ... that horrified look in his eyes as he dressed and then hurried from the room .
` ` when you left me five years ago i was in a really bad place .
` ` he kept coming on to me , so i put him in his place . ''
` ` i like seeing you in my place , '' he said .
there was a predator in her place , one who did n't take well to seeing innocents abused .
he needs those too , but he also needs to walk away from this trip with one concrete souvenir in place , whether it 's a trade agreement or something else .
he needed to be put in his place . ''
we worked out a reasonably convoluted plan , and then he left again in that way of his , off to make sure everything was in place back on the other side .
god help me , maybe i 'd do the same in his place . ''
not only was i shrouded in secrets , i 'd also just used the still little - understood power of spirit to put a would - be womanizer in his place .
sydney is here , and my place is with her .
this was the place she had made for herself , for the sake of her people : at thiago 's side .
this was elyon , the brother who had stepped into hazael 's place by akiva 's side .
liraz is still in eretz and akiva is here in her place .
i guess i hoped you 'd put him in his place . ''
that 's what happens when you do n't have a parent around to put you in your place : you become pretty damn certain that you know what 's best about everything .
` ` you 're losing your place , '' i said , next time i came up for air .
morag had written to him , and he had urged them to come back , saying he would find a place for william in his business .
god knows the mountains may be no safer '' -he grimaced , obviously recalling a few incidents that had taken place there- '' but on the whole , he 's likely better off not being in a place where he could be conscripted by the militia or pressed into the british navy . ''
keeps me in my place . ''
` ` i guess you ' ve put me in my place . ''
` ` i feel awful you 're standing here in jax and kaden 's place .
all the nights of being in the middle of a crowded party and suddenly struck by the sensation that i was out of place .
anyone fucks with you , race , and you put them in their place .
that he could go in my place if he gave me another five gs . ''
he thinks he can give the feds just enough to guarantee him a place in witsec , but not the entire bag of tricks so that his ass is covered from the last of novak 's guys . ''
wordlessly , i was being put in my place , exiled .
he 's putting me in my place .
in a way , we ' ve almost switched places and it 's somehow comforting to see a glimpse of the reckless brother i used to know .
i always thought it had to do with him grooming me to take my place as a partner in the firm one day , but it did n't .
she must ' ve either gotten thing 1 and thing 2 to leave her alone , or she 'd put them in their place .
i planted my hands on my hips , pretty damn pleased at how good i 'd gotten at putting men in their place .
maybe madoc fit in places jared and i did n't .
he would have to figure out his place with us before i 'd even consider signing with them .
` ` i 'll be in contact when we have the contract in place . ''
everyone else in my place slept like a rock .
` ` you keep talking back to me , woman , and i 'll have to put you in your place . ''
` ` put me in my place ?
do you think i could wash my hand in your place before braving the cold again ? ''
how could i have been stupid enough to let kristin into my place ?
she was n't accusing him of doing anything with them , but she could n't keep having people stand in her place .
the woman just deserves to be put in her place . ''
then we 'll have the maid of honor and the best man all in one place . ''
her place was at brady 's side , and she wanted to see him to the white house .
i ' m sorry if that 's ... if that 's not what a man of god in my place is supposed to say .
so finally , that only left the shop , where at least he would be able to see it every day and where it looked strangely comfortable , watching over him , not at all out of place , somehow , among the best examples of his shop 's work .
daddy had a word with one of his old friends at the red cross , who has some friends high up in the rn , and the next thing i had orders saying i ' ve got a place on the next boat out , even though , strictly speaking , i should be low priority .
but since then he had struggled with the familiar nagging conviction that the real story , his life , even , was taking place somewhere far from where he was .
it would , she said , take place outside , so that he could smell the fresh air , see the sea and catch up with all his friends .
i mean , the guy needs to be put in his place .
` ` i heard that you 're settled down ... '' i wanted to impress the guys , but i really wanted to knock it out of the park to put jake 's smirking ass in his place .
i ' m about to put all these narrow - minded ass**les in their place . ''
` ` he needed a strong woman to put him in his place .
thoughts about my mother put me in a bad place .
she 's the kind of beautiful that 'll put me in my place without batting an eye .
nothing else is out of place , although he snooped through my things .
there is n't a single thing out of place in this carefully orchestrated life i ' m living , so i ' m certain sinclair and i will be removing any trust issues between us sooner rather than later .
i must put abram in his place now .
` ` do you have any idea how it makes me feel to know he 's suffering in my place ? ''
` ` for one , you 'll take your father 's place as leader one day .
` ` maybe it 's time i consider taking my rightful place and knocking abram out of his leadership role . ''
i did n't volunteer for this job so i could be close to sin and make a place for myself at the top of the hierarchy .
i ' m officially taking my place within the fellowship in the morning . ''
we 're leaving tomorrow night and i 'll need someone to take my place as leader here . ''
although it was only the first practice , the team performed well together and as i watched , i became a little nervous about finding my place among them .
` ` jessie is smart and he knows your place is n't with him , '' she replied .
we think putting him in a place with no adult guidance could be setting you both up for a situation you are n't ready to handle .
` ` he looks really out of place on your fancy bed . ''
we headed inside and i felt out of place in my jeans and t - shirt , which would ' ve been fine back home .
each time we 'd shared a playful laugh , each time his mouth quirked up when i put him in his place , i 'd fallen for him a little harder .
i loved how she could put someone in their place , how she lived life to the fullest without holding back , and how she loved with her whole heart .
i felt oddly out of place , like i was trying to squeeze myself into a spot i no longer fit .
` ` jackson just seems to slip out when i need to put you in your place . ''
` ` like i said , he helped me when i was in a bad place . ''
` ` my place , miss wellington ? ''
it 's our place . ''
his back to me , but his shoulders told me that he was in a bad place .
it meant she was n't going to take shit off of anyone - which she had already proved by putting three rockers in their places after they had hit on her .
if she would n't let me comfort her , then linc was the only man i would want to fill my place .
she holds no particular animosity towards djoba ; it is simply important to put him in his place every once in a while .
whippersnapper put geezer in his place , did he ?
will you please take your place in our group and see what has been offered to you ?
tis not my place , graeak answered truthfully .
i knew once i was fully awake and had spoken to alistair and the rest of the team that it would all fall into place .
i m going in there because i intend to take my place at mother calicos side .
but being loyal employees , none of them , nary a one , had the guts tell him off and put him properly in his place , not if they wanted to keep their jobs !
i was tempted to ask him what his plans were now that samson was gone , but i did nt think it was my place .
if you accept your place at my side , high lord , i will enlighten you all to the answers you so terribly want .
i might get a place on mars , but i ca n't take my relatives with me . '
' because , if you fancy a trip to mars with dillow and ramshorn , there 's a place for you . '
lindas place .
he shifted in his seat , and was almost relieved when the harness tightened across his chest , keeping him in his place , in the cockpit , away from the horror forming again around thoughts of home .
we had no idea of ashleys combat skills , come to think of it we had nt really actually found a place for her yet .
michael spent most of the walk brooding over his place here in gulch .
yes , those that took it to physical levels needed to be put in their place , but the military could handle that .
dan took his place in the pilots chair .
who will you get to take my place in your world ? '
he suspected that if jeanette was place in an fmri , her brains organization would be a dead spit of josephines .
with all the pieces of the plan in place and with the single demon visible on the ridge , bull decided it was time to go .
it puts him in a good place . ''
evens feels very much out of place .
fitting in following the buzz of the 51/65 incident , the girls knew their place and stayed in it .
she decided that if she did have to preach , she would use the opportunity to put karen and her watchers soundly in their place .
then , lets use our war smarts and make a place here for all of us .
that is exactly what i would have done in your place .
i doubted i 'd have a place here even if i managed to reconcile with my three friends somehow .
over time i ve become accustomed to my place at the manor and admit that sometimes even i forget the reality of the situation .
so the hobarts take our place in the crates and we escape down the cliff ?
my god , he has nt gone there in your place has he ? !
claws formed and this crazed creature was standing in my place threatening to replace me with its own control over me .
if i were in his place , i know that i would need to do the same .
i think i can put him in his place .
you think i ca nt put him in his place ?
do you want me to put him in his place , father ?
no rohan , my place is here and i need you to understand ok , rohan said after a brief pause .
i thought that you would enjoy seeing him put in his place .
happily , she is not in marissas place and knows it easily could have been her .
when you see your fianc , i wo n't be angry with you if you decide your place is with her and your father back in your world . ''
its not your place .
a strange man showing up on their doorstep with a ravaged daughter they d been worried sick about ... riddick would ve reacted the same in the fathers place if colleen had been waters .
thankfully i was never in a situation like yours with russel , but i bet my life that i d probably have done the same thing in your place .
alpha took his place behind doctor yune and pushed the young man towards the landed mi - m8 .
jensen stood up to allow joe to take his place facing the horrifically wounded man .
in the technician area of the plane , doctor yune had taken his place at his work area .
the other players are in place as well , we have over 546 who will interact with you in your life , both positively and negatively , to steer you in the direction we have chosen for you to end up .
its a serious burden to place on them .
but , he smiled , just to be on the safe side , lets put a few support players in place , in case things do nt go as positively as we know they will .
not facts that have shaped my existence , put me in this place today , torn my safe and secure life apart to leave me hovering in a loveless chasm .
roberts was worried about you getting into trouble so she called me in to her office , she said she wanted me to look after you , said she would even put me in the training program so i could help you settle in to your place in our universe .
he reminded her that what ever happened on scultura , roberts would probably give her a job , and henry would always find a place for amica here on earth .
there s somebody clearly out of place .
i m the one that s out of place .
for the next few hours ill place all of you in direct conflict with your classmates .
you came from another planet to find me , so that i can fill my missing brothers place , whom i knew nothing about , because he and i had the same dadwho happens to be an angel .
you will have plenty of time to tell us all over the following years as you take your place on the council by your brothers side .
in time she learned her place and how best to defend herself .
that means , sven , you will take my place here as overlord of dahkilah .
autoc gave a reluctant laugh , saying , ` ` you put me in my place , jaim .
i try to believe , as ensore does , that it will happen , but at the moment my place is n't here - yours is .
` ` where i 'd go in their place , my lord . ''
as a gesture to his place with them , he was given the name lennox instead of yinah , nequiels family name .
concealed behind the trunk of a fallen tree , the lieutenant pulled his voice pickup away from his mouth enough to say , all platoons are in place , maam .
anything else said would have been a problem , though morgan knew rogef really wanted him there but needed to put him in his place .
he felt utterly out of place next to her , and wished he could have been with a woman much less experienced , a woman that did nt have so many before him to judge him against .
he recalling to himself that he thought of this thought of having no place on uzan and wanting to leave to live elsewhere .
` ` i am going to take your place in the factory . ''
yet now , stuck amidst a sea of strange faces , he felt glad of his place in the time stream .
sevrik laughed , knowing that it took a brave man indeed to put him in his place .
agmar , now , you know , i do nt want any trouble in my place .
i feel awkward and out of place , and i do n't want to be by the others .
i do nt know that i could have loved her the same if she built better bombs ; i do know she would never have had a place on avalon .
now she was in simy 's place .
he put me in my place good .
that 's not my place .
she gave him an icy cold stare meant to put him in his place and i had to bite back a laugh .
it 's not our place . ''
terrible delivery , so crude and juvenile , snapped beth with the same infuriating nose up and shoulders back ( she loved putting people in their place ) .
the first thing he noticed was how out of place he suddenly felt .
abreon needed to find a place for himself and this task was completed at the local pub , as he sat for a drink .
have any of you seen a girl that would look out of place here in your land , she would be wearing strange clothes , not like any of yours and most of all she wears way too much lipstick .
henry related to george what had taken place outside the house , and the two brothers held a long and interesting conversation for some hours upon that subject , as well as upon others of great importance to their welfare .
somehow i did nt feel as out of place standing her as i should have .
it is not my place .
i meant to say that the likeness was ... it was created so that ... '' ` ` so that it might take your place in situations that were deleterious to your health , '' david said .
there would n't be a place for him in his father 's business and he seemed to have an aptitude for numbers .
you have adapted well in your short time with us , but just as you are out of place here , she would be out of place in you time .
eric never noticed her leave , but he woke up every morning grasping for her only to find the empty place on her side of the bed .
rather , he s had to put that into place after what happened with the doctor .
i ve had to put them in their place often enough in the past that they ll be really reluctant to let me down again , she said .
activate shelter in place protocols .
it has brought two men here who are out of their place , and you , yourself , have used spellwork frivolously on a dog .
as before , i took my place in the corridor that was once again crammed full of prisoners , pushing and shoving like impatient cattle as they waited for the food hall door to open .
he read a couple , then realized what he had been writing about all these years was taking place , and all he could do was wait .
i think with a few of my ideas in place we 'll see an increase in base efficiency soon , and hopefully once these masters see that the way i run things will improve everyones lives , maybe further down the track they 'll come around to my way of thinking . ''
i reset the acceleration to other than zero , and immediately everything about its motion fell into place .
the next issue was the potential for him to get investigated more thoroughly and most likely found out , putting him in an awkward place in terms of criminal charges .
morn made the choice to avenge his father and put himself in that awful place .
it was how she kept everyone in their places .
since the moment we had met , he had purposely aggravated , insulted , and angered me , all in an effort to put me in my place .
they know that those who embraced their powers will be more likely to win their place here .
i love seeing people put in their place .
there were no deviations from the routines set in place by bureaucrats .
put yourself in my place , dr . barns .
bates could well imagine doing the same , if he were in their place .
` ` that 's what i would do in his place , '' answered dow , frankly .
it is not your place .
not my place ?
you just tried to put me in my place , in a box you have created for me and you ca nt seem to understand why that is not acceptable to me .
so mr . brown would you say that what we just witnessed was an accurate account of what took place on the planet tarrago ?
kudenkas eyes held an expression that considered hinevs impending triumph a foregone conclusion ; kudenka was waiting , ready to listen , knowing he would enjoy the way hinev was going to put lopri in his place .
we must earn our place here , win their trust .
vile things were said to take place within the reach and the siren would have no part in it .
i m the man in the house and i m putting him in his place .
i wo nt let it ruin our place , i said in her head .
but i was in a bad place .
he was in a bad place .
she would let him dominate her for the sex , but she knew she would have to put him back in his place once that was done .
he knew it was time to put this little bitch in her place .
but , he was just one of a growing list of vulgar males that she had put in their place lately .
it was time to put the little hater in her place , and her place was tied down in his rat cage .
chuck likened you to a mother when he put fred in his place .
if i call your wife some vile name now , you will use that as a reason to put me in my place .
you most certainly do put her in her place .
but i did nt want to convince her that our place was not on the frontlines , because i knew that she was right .
we 're in my place . ''
in your place , there was ... '' that next bit looked hard to put in words .
it takes a special sort to find a place on a ship like this .
he could see the question place the commander of such a strange race in a bit of discomfort .
it took the group a moment , though the pilot immediately knew their plan was now in place .
theriot could n't believe that he had just put in his place so quickly and that no one had spoken up for him and now all eyes were on him , waiting for his response .
in a way , he had taken her place , he had traded her spots , because he could take it , he could pay the price for that , knowing that she would never know that pain .
the time has come for the belovores to take their place where the human race once blossomed .
if you were in his place , would you ?
that would have put her in her place .
it was not the challenge of finding his place , or of earning their respect which pulled on him with the sharpness of a razor - edged fishing hook .
he quickly steps back and i take his place .
i step back and corith takes my place .
` ` i did n't want to have to be the one to judge velius , to put him in his place . ''
castus gave him a place here .
we might need them to prevent us from saying anything which would jeopardize our place here .
in one sentence , he put me in my place as a farmer instead of a scientist and came up with a job for me that no one could argue was inappropriate .
of everything that had happened since that day at the spaceport where my red hair had gotten me a place on the destiny .
` ` you will take my place on abyssinia , and you will kill , because that is what you are good at , and it is the only thing you can do .
` ` that questioning shit , '' black had told frank , ` ` only takes place in the movies . ''
` ` i ' m not sure i would believe it either in your place .
sandras own uniform would nt be out of place here either , expect she was so short compared to them and most of them had the same pinkish glow to their skin as zethec .
he does nt like to be kept in the dark , there was something in the way that macpherson had said that which indicated to adam that mathis had just been put in his place .
we are the top of the chain now and its time we took our place there .
it was not his place .
for all i knew , this was completely normal , and it was i that was out of place .
her appointment would take place in an office another three floors down !
she looked strangely out of place on the clinical hospital bed , until suella saw her cast and a spidery grouping of wires poking out from under it .
mrs . worthy , i do nt know doctor allende , put yourself in my place , suella interrupted .
suella breathed a sigh of relief , first that natalie was pronounced healthy ( would they say the same thing if they d seen her the morning before ) and second that the upcoming visits would take place in west l.a . that was a lot easier to get to than the low desert .
his mind began to picture the same scene except with helen in gemmas place , wearing the same dress and gracefully sipping on a glass of champagne .
if it was him in my place , he d whirl around and cut this asshole in half .
` ` if your master has any sense , his ass had better materialize in your place in the next few seconds or a bad situation will get much , much worse . ''
she did , it was strange of jack to put you in sallys place considering how new you are , so i told him i needed to know more about you if he wanted my cooperation .
nes took crawfords place at the front controls as the latter agent moved to the passenger area , holding the grip on the back of a seat to steady himself .
it is not in our place to question his orders , theseus said in the same anxious tone .
let me go in your place .
its not my place , i said .
if it were you in my place , i would go oisin .
he was tokyo2an , pale with slighter features , and aside from being out of place in new lexington , he was like any other tokyo2 farm pod boy except ... the backpack he wore had slipped off a little , it seemed to be hiding some large deformity , which accounted for the unusual walk .
the first reckless attack by the belmarsh boys had been repulsed with ease but , axel was pretty sure , the next attack would take place in a very different fashion .
while his own mind had already returned from this trip and was thinking about wiltons gold and their plan for moving it upon their return , jeff figured the others were lost in thoughts of what was about to take place .
can you come up with a story as to why a red coat might drop into his place ?
julia thought he was cute and somewhat out of place here .
i only did what you would do in my place . ''
and that was where ion , the master hunter/ assassin known in the field , came to place .
the sound of her laugh taunts me , its innocence in the dark and grungy world of the rejects jarringly out of place .
the images were similar to the others except that they all took place in the center of a volcano with lava flowing all around .
moms eyes filled with tears , and i knew she was putting herself in their place .
he spoke softly , ` ` i ' ve secured a place for you on the olympus , have n't i ?
i should have said , ' i secured a place for you on the olympus with me . '
ali , being a shifty and greedy merchant with a rich criminal history and multiple stints in local jails , thought he could earn a reward from the military by selling out gunnarsson , as it was obvious to ali that illegal activities were going to take place .
i shall give you a place at my side ! ''
in fact , it seems to be completely out of place in the commanders office .
this feller is way out of place out here in the bush .
but one thing was certain : thanks to theremon , hardly any member of the general public believed that anything out of the ordinary was going to take place on the evening of theptar nineteenth .
whatever kind of civilization is going to evolve , we 'd find a good place for ourselves in it .
i do n't like the thought of having let an old man go in my place .
` ` it is not your place .
but this kind of talk is out of place here .
he grappled with it as well as he could , striving to put himself in the place of human beings who - though they knew that the three laws provided foolproof safeguards against the possibility that robots could do harm to humans - persisted in looking upon robots with dread and loathing .
he had not felt any need in the past to take trips into space - or to travel very widely on earth itself , for that matter - but earth was no longer the prime center of human civilization , and most of what was new and eventful was taking place in the offworld settlements - notably on the moon , which now had come to be a world more earthlike than earth in every respect but its gravitational pull .
she saw the hard ones , every single one of them , each in his place , and could sense their vibratory speech to the fullest detail , and even catch bits of what they were saying .
i ask you to put yourself in our place for a moment and see if you can grasp our desperation to do what we can to find out what it is that shapirov knows . ''
baley looked quickly in fastolfe 's direction , but fastolfe stood quietly in his place and made no move to intervene .
robots in charge of the young are carefully programmed to be able to distinguish the chance 's and level of harm that may take place .
the robot said , ` ` if you will ask plainclothesman baley to take your place , i will try to locate roboticist cicis . ''
it is not your place to have to wait for - ` ` ` ` it 's all right , daneel '' , said baley , with enough emphasis to preclude further discussion .
he said , ` ` dr . amadiro will take my place here in a few minutes and will talk to you .
would n't you be if you were in their place ? ''
in all likelihood , i 'll go back to streeling university , with a large grant for my psychohistorical research , i ' m sure that i can find a place for you . ''
i called him a fool in various ways half a dozen times just to keep him in his place , but he is n't one .
you 're not only afraid of failure , as any person would be in your place , but you 're furious that they should put you in the position where you have to be afraid . ''
it is probable that a rabbi from ancient times would not find himself out of place behind the sabbath menorah of a jewish household in your age .
when she did not answer , he said : ` ` put yourself in my place , bell .
` ` oh , i 'd have apologized to him after putting him in his place .
and she thought : if it 's done , it 'll be only to put javid in his place .
ca n't you put me in my place ?
` ` my place is here , '' he says .
he 'd been brutalized and savagely murdered - and he 'd allowed it to happen to him in my place .
he had to try and put me in my place .
in your place , i would be angry .
` ` i do n't dare go because androids have no loyalty to one another and i know that that goddamn pris stratton will destroy me and occupy my place .
` ` so all that took place at the hotel '' he said , ` ` consisted of a - ` ` ` ` the association , '' rachael said , ` ` wanted to reach the bounty hunters here and in the soviet union .
any of those men might see himself in korba 's place - some for good reason .
he had just experienced a flash of brilliance : a portion of his plan suddenly fit into place .
` ` so then it wo n't be my place versus your place but it 'll be our place .
` ` so then it wo n't be my place versus your place but it 'll be our place .
` ` so then it wo n't be my place versus your place but it 'll be our place .
brann stood staring straight ahead , embarrassed , out of his class , out of his place .
it came to leto that if she could change places with him , take up his burden , she would offer herself .
` ` sir , if you were in my place , is that how you would feel ? ''
your place is here and your people need you .
and he 'd trained zarya to lead and take his place should anything happen to him .
will you please , please help me save a good man who is in a really bad place ? ''
would she be able to forgive darling if she was in his place ?
she was n't sure she could have held herself back if she 'd been in his place .
he 'd have to meet with them and let them know that they still had their places with the new regime .
in his place , she would n't breathe a word of it either .
who 's this weak - kneed coward you brought to my place , brenda ? ''
` ` i want everybody in place as soon as possible . ''
rather than remain on planet , i confined a visiting human and took his place on an outbound ship .
he 'd kill the world for me , so it 's my place to make sure he never has to .
as far as i ' m concerned , he can rot here forever in your place .
as of now , training proceeds on schedule , though the conglomerate has hired independent auditors to review processes put in place by farwan . ''
there 's no place for me at his side , except as lc .
but i ' ve put a crew of teachers in place , and they know what they 're doing .
realistically speaking , it will be another week before i can break away , but i want all the pieces in place before i make my escape .
` ` stories about clever little billy goats outsmarting big mean trolls until their bigger , stronger brothers come along and put the trolls in their place . ''
` ` carrying a shardbearer places great strain on both horse and saddle .
` ` i was angry at you at first , '' trampas said , ` ` but then i realized - reluctantly - that i might have done the same thing in your place .
` ` come and be welcome in our place , for it 's your place as well , and we know the chances are good that you 'll never visit it again . ''
they can make a place there for you , gunslinger .
for the lives of every man and woman who ever died in my place so i could go on . ''
i promised my informant a place in the warrens if he provides me with a complete report on the stuff and a kilo packet of it .
he had called her every night at seven o'clock for the last week , because if there was one time when you could catch miz holmes in her place , it was when the huntley - brinkley report came on .
` ` well , i guess that puts me in my place . ''
they had the world firmly in their grip , the future planned - a place for every man and every man in his place .
` ` and indeed i should do the same , '' fowler said , ` ` were i in your place .
` ` perhaps i came to put you in your place , '' he said .
i tried to calm myself so that i would be able to put her in her place .
you are in my place .
i doubt i would be able to say as much in your place . ''
when he was gone , there would be no one who could fill his place .
` ` if you were in his place you 'd act just as decisively . ''
put yourself in my place , for christ 's sake . ''
eddie saw her eyes widen as it all fell into place for her .
this is not my place , he thought .
i go to charlotte as i can do nothing else , and this will not surprise you , and please tell alexander for me that i know he would do nothing else were he in my place .
why are you so dramatically and grotesquely out of place ?
i ' m here in michael 's place .
on the twenty - third at his demesne eldritch will meet ' pape reporters , and give them his version of what took place on his trip ; he 'll be in a good moodcat least so they 'll report .
i 'll let you die in my place a few months from now and that monument on sigma 14 - b will be erected but i 'll go on , in your living body .
' i could be gettin out of my place here , but i think maybe you ought to stand for chief of fire n police . '
when siri left in my place , i became nothing .
one thing was out of place .
` ` in his place , may i be proud for him ? ''
sitting in her place and laughing .
` ` he would have done it , had it been one of us in his place , destroying his things . ''
* * * there 's a trick they do with one pea and three cups which is very hard to follow , and something like it , for greater stakes than a handful of loose change , is about to take place .
spider had slept peacefully in his own enormous bed , in his place in fat charlie 's spare room .
` ` kids all over the world would kill to be in your place and you 're on shaky ground as it is . ''
in your place , i think ... perhaps i would have done the same thing .
` ` bennie 's place at kaktovik . ''
he resented that i took his place on the shuttle . ''
` ` that 's no longer my place , captain .
after this is over , i ' m sure the government will have a place for you . ''
she knew where her place would be : six feet under , shot as a spy .
i must leave you now , but my chosen spiritual right hand will take my place and lead you out of the darkness and into the dawn of a new era . ''
coral took the captain 's place at painter 's side .
it was a lot to place on his young shoulders , but painter knew he could handle it .
he tried to imagine them in his place .
` ` we 're in place .
maybe the universe had put him in the right place at the right time to do the thing that no one else would do .
and i thought , if i was in your place , that wondering ... wondering would be worse .
he knew that it was at least in part because that was the reaction murtry would have had in his place , but knowing that did n't change the emotion .
the engineers and security floated against the walls or in the open air , the ` ` floor '' to their right , and havelock took his place by the main doors .
` ` i 'd let you go in my place if i could , '' kendra said .
he looked out of place in the sparring yard , and that itself was probably enough to indicate he was n't an assassin .
i might have a place for you in my organization , if you prove reliable . ''
` ` i would n't have agreed to come in tyn 's place if i had n't wanted that opportunity . ''
if you truly believe what you told me about amaram ... well , if i 'd been in your place , i 'd have been hard pressed not to do the same thing you did .
all we ' ve got so far is the fact that the event 's going to take place in the lands of the children of the bull - god .
eldallan swore to take his assigned place beside the rivans and sendars on kal torak 's north flank , and aldorigen vowed that the mimbrate knights would n't interfere with the asturians on their way home .
' but your daughter could fill in those places , could n't she ? '
it does n't really matter who holds power in vo astur , since our plan hinges almost entirely on what 's taking place in vo wacune . '
when the legions of his imperial majesty do interject themselves into northern arendia , my knights will be in place . '
when i had everything firmly in place , i almost absently picked up a rock that weighed perhaps two pounds , and then i let my built - up will go in the direction i had it pointed , and even as the transfer was taking place i prudently set the rock down on the tail of the small field - mouse into which the entirety of killane 's awareness and body were being transferred .
it was probably inevitable , given the fact that most of my performances took place in taverns , that sooner or later i 'd have to demonstrate my willingness to actually use my knives to remind some spectator that he was supposed to keep his hands to himself .
' we should have some plans in place , prince sparhawk , ' oscagne pointed out .
' it puts him in place in case berit and khalad do , in fact , have to ride all the way down there , your grace , ' vanion said .
' she shore knows how t ' put a feller in his place , do n't she , stragen ? '
` ` she must be planning to kill zakath , then , '' durnik said , ` ` and then put this archduke on the throne in his place . ''
take thy foreordained place at belgarion 's side and come to the holy city .
when the air around her cleared , there stood in the animal 's place a tawny - haired woman with golden eyes and a faintly amused smile on her lips .
' i ' m really quite out of place at court . '
the idea had been slow in coming , in part perhaps because of the surprise of once again seeing martel , but now it all began to fall into place sparhawk was suddenly glad that martel was here .
` ` longbow said it 'll be another day or so before the river goes back to where it belongs , but he wants us to be in place on those benches on the off chance that the invaders realize that the benches would be the easiest way to come downriver .
we do n't want him to come into sight until we 're all in place .
i 'll go in your place .
` ` we might be just a little out of place in the middle of an angarak horde . ''
and of course , the moment i was out of his presence , i thought of all sorts of cool , smart things i could have said to put him in his place .
` ` you are offering me a place with you ?
` ` i have a place at court , though , '' the dwarf said , smiling .
` ` a man in your place should count himself fortunate that his head is still on his shoulders , '' the queen declared .
there was no place for him in winterfell , no place in king 's landing either .
` ` robert bid me to sit here in his place , to listen with his ears , and to speak with his voice .
no matter how often jon told himself that his place was here now , with his new brothers on the wall , he still felt craven .
` ` my lord father has sent my brother to sit in his place in this council .
` ` the lord commander 's place is at castle black , lording and commanding , '' he told mormont , ignoring the newcomers , ` ` it seems to me . ''
my place is here with my father , for whatever time he has left . ''
leaning close , he hissed in her ear , ` ` you 're in my place . ''
my lord father , my brother , my uncle , my husband , they will keep me safe ... but while they are away from me , i suppose you must fill their place , brienne . ''
what would jaime do in my place ?
davos and his sons had been assigned a place in the second line of battle , well out on the dangerous starboard wing .
in your place , i would likely rip my hair out .
if one of your sister 's seven should suffer some mishap , i hope you might consider me to fill his place . ''
i 'll stay here in your place . ''
` ` far be it from me to question your cunning , father , but in your place i do believe i 'd have let robert baratheon bloody his own hands . ''
` ` if you will excuse us , lady olenna , it is time we were in our places . ''
only strength keeps such men in their place .
i am no stark , and this is not my place .
this is not your place .
who shall be our king in balon 's place ?
but kevan saw how things stood early on , so he made himself a place by your father 's side . ''
what would i do in his place if devan were a hostage ?
neither you nor i can know what he would or would not have done in my place . ''
my place is by your side , whether here or in king 's landing ... but your place is back in westeros , upon the iron throne that was your father 's .
griff might have felt the same way in their place .
` ` she will find a place for you at her court , i don ' t doubt .
this is not my place .
it might be that you wished to put another woman in her place . ''
in the past the kingsguard had served for life , but that had not stopped joffrey from dismissing ser barristan selmy to make a place for his dog , sandor clegane .
` ` someone needs to hold firm in los angeles , '' he repeats , ` ` which means one of my princeps - elects will need to take my place as an acting elector .
if i 'd been in her place , would i have done anything differently ?
count lucien limped across the tent floor , to stand in his place beside the king .
` ` mlle de la croix , '' madame said softly , ` ` forgive me if i intrude , but i ' m somewhat responsible for your place at court ... '' ` ` i ' m very grateful for your protection , madame . ''
he was the eldest , after all ; it was his responsibility to help guy find his place in his majesty 's court .
in his majesty 's roman cavalry , lucien rode zelis into the place d'armes .
i go to the army and somehow i save her , even if it 's changing my place for hers .
` ` you put the bitches in their place , '' davy sneers .
` ` it 's her place to tell you , not mine .
` ` it 's what i would do in her place .
triston stood in his place , more disgusted with her rather than the fact that they had a human in their presence .
` ` i did n't feel it was my place . ''
` ` i do n't know who you think you are , boy , but someone needs to put you in your place !
you placement will take place at the end of that day , and you will either spend the night in the hunters or the sentinels dens .
honest , thoughwhod want to be in her place ?
the most important stuff you need to remember if you want to keep your place here .
in your place , i would ve done the same .
your place is here with me , darling .
i eye - scan bartholomews warriors and mentally receive some nasty tele - talk from the consensus , put the king in his place , especially from the tele - warriors .
every females neck muscle strains with eye - popping and bulky blue pumping blood vessels as their swirling and twirling head spin watches bo settle into his place .
for once , i had n't felt awkward or out of place in taekwondo .
the dream fast forwards to later on in the week , now there is a man in the womans place .
not my place , blue scolded herself as she folded laundry .
i hope another hunt will put them into their place .
he kissed me again and this time i let him only because i wanted to stop picturing hayes in his place .
if you and hayes stand in my place for intervals of time , i can ... taste the poison a little more so to speak and destroy these humans the way it should be .
you put him in his place in front of his friends right ?
i could tell , just by looking at him , that he had found his place and that he would grow to be one of our best fighters .
however if someone is in charge who wants to make a name for themselves , and is willing to take risks that they went too far , too fast , everything can fall into place quickly .
for putting a certain fake bitch in her place , he said , laughing .
broxton had a smile on his face no doubt happy to see me being put in my place .
small of them really , your body is the only thing they let you have , and then they go and build in limits just to keep you in your place .
i liked our place in the etherworld !
she was the only one ever brave enough to put dad in his place .
david needs to be put in his place , gabe said calmly .
he told me that i should know my place with you and i should nt let my emotions right now get in the way of what s important .
one minute i ' m ready to choke her for putting me in my place and the next she 's making me smile .
but its your place to have secrets with my boyfriend ?
` ` well it 's our place now . ''
i wish they spared my place too , but if not me , i m glad the heavens smiled on you .
combating them together will take place at the caves with my family fighting with me .
we just want to be able to lead our lives peacefully , declared my mother indignantly in lucifers place .
let me take her place while you sort things out ?
there are others that want nothing more than to put navarre in his place .
he 'd been riding jasmin for days trying to get enough of a rise out of her to justify putting her in her place , but she 'd been unusually calmat least right up until that point .
only the fact that you 're my son has kept some of the old guard from putting you in your place before now . ''
i ' ve come here in his place .
of course , to ensure that all things take place within the bounds of propriety , i shall naturally choose someone suitable from amongst the girls making up my staff to accompany you as chaperone until the arrival of your friend , miss pine .
holden wants me to take my fathers place as leader .
all completely out of place here , i do nt need telling you .
let him up , the other cop says , satisfied i know my place now .
i can see it on his face ; that barely restrained eagerness to put me back in my place .
brad puts him back in his place by smashing his face down hard on the bar once again .
i think i fell in love with her ability to put me in my place for my ego , but still love me right back .
you re offering me in mariselas place .
oh little one that s a very kind offer , but you and i both know this is nt my place .
with my plans in place , all i had to do was wait .
it was the generals fault that bess had been so unhappy , and i could not resist the opportunity to put the general in his place .
he puts me in my place when i need it .
but you sure did put her in her place though .
someone just needs to put you in your place , she muttered as she stormed off toward the gym .
its not our place .
i d put him in his place .
put both of us in our places .
do you know how much it sucked to be yelled at in your place ?
i can picture him standing on the other side of the door , his hand dragging through his hair as he wills whoever is standing in my place to disappear .
she would have me offer you a place with us .
as i closed my eyes i found myself in an entirely different place , where the only color i saw was white and my feet was not on the floor , the floor was unstained .
` ` to put them niggers in their place , '' gladys fires back and spits on the ground .
talkin ' bout all da riots an fights an how the niggers need to be put in their place , an all . ''
this is no place for you , sara , maxwell said from behind me , and i could hear censure mingled with sorrow in his voice .
its not my place to share it , yeah ?
what the fuck are you doing in my place ?
but i m in his place , he s off .
' it 's not a bad thing to be put in your place samantha , ' he would project onto me .
my girl was right i kinda felt outta place in my jeans but i sure as hell was nt gon na admit that to her .
next you re gon na say i should ve fallen in her place , eh ?
i ve wanted somebody to put her in her place for so long .
the latest fiasco in sunnys career had taken place in japan when she told the audience after a rather provocative performance that she was nt japanese but she wished that she had some japanese inside her .
he had been looking for an opportunity to put emma venton in her place and get her off his sisters back , but often what had stopped him was the fact that emma was a girl , and seriously what was he going to do ?
everything had clicked into place out there in the ether of possibilities and the result was that i was sitting there in that room with the phone ringing on ivors desk and a tingling feeling in my toes .
why , if i were in your place , i would be kicking them and laughing every time they fell !
i know its not my place but .
she tried to imagine herself in simones place , stunning and shy , all eyes on her .
there s this sailora boy named cricketwho really needs to be put in his place .
there s so much planning yet , so many allies to be put in place i ca nt help growing up mumbled lucy , her head bent in helplessness .
lashell will be heartbroken , and i wo nt have anyone to put me in my place .
its ... he took a deep breath , its not our place .
he relaxed in his place , and thought of the play .
your friend is in good place .
ok . well he s in the best place , as you know more than anyone else .
chase wound his hand up in a fist and declan was willing and waiting for the opportunity to put this werewolf in his place when willow stepped right in between the two and shoved them apart with all of her might .
` ` come on , alinda , she does n't have anything else to do in her place , it 's kind of boring .
after tania watched boxers win matches and championships , she imagined herself in their places .
he 's down there as we speak , and i ' m sure he and any other serf would give just about anything to be in your place . ''
at last , he reached romulus , who looked out of place in king 's corners , without blizzard by his side or his signature fur coat on his back .
i could stop him and put him in his place , which i really wanted to do , but that might scare elaine and i really did nt want to do that .
its a place at the child conduct centre .
you ll do well there and i m sure ill be able to find you a place in the mainstream probably before the terms out .
shed found me a place in the child conduct centre .
in that moment , she would have given anything in the world to trade places with daniel , so he would nt have to hurt like he was hurting , so he would nt have to go through the nightmare .
had she been able to trade places with him in that moment , she would have seen the wet grass and fallen branches on the lawn .
i shall make you the deal of a lifetime , a deal far better than , um , any deal gobber would make you , were he here in my place .
your skin will turn normal , and you 'll meet someone you love , and everything will fall into place . ''
i , for one , welcome the possibility of a new young master caretaker who will do a better job of keeping you in your place !
they would also need thick down cushions for the high seat , where the volva would sit in the chieftains place for one night .
and i m sorry if i was out of place earlier .
first i will free us from this threat , then i will have earned my place as the true ruler of this kingdom .
as the pieces of the situation began to fall into place david whispered under his breath , oh my god .
i can handle myself , but ian , him being the soft kind person he is , he would never put her in her place .
there s a sidewalk , so i m not totally out of place walking around , although i wish i d brought my coat .
the difference being that this place all that you see around you exists on a permanent basis .
did you put him in his place ?
haruki , on behalf of us all , i would like to offer you a place in our house , duncan said .
i have a place here and that 's not going to change .
excuse me , kirans familiar voice nearly shouted his apology and all at once he moved from his place next to his father and towards me .
i would have easily put her in her place by simultaneously hacking away at whatever faade of self - esteem she had and planted seeds of doubt that would plague her for years to come .
my mother laughed derisively , completely and effectively putting me in my place .
it was nt until he regained his composure that i realized how out of place it felt when he d started yelling at me .
we may not need to use it of course but i want things in place as a precautionary measure .
suddenly ellina appeared in my place , between the two boys .
if i were in his place i would nt not have ever been so patient with someone like me .
ivy told me later that they had almost had nt let me in their place because i looked so rough , they thought maybe i was too close to being dead .
i do not blame you , for i too once stood nervously in your place .
ill come to your place tonight .
bitches deserve to be put in their place .
he reasoned that if he were in her place now , then he would feel frustrated .
he had two important cell phone calls to place .
he needed to be put in his place now and then .
another couple took our place .
kids like that need to be put in their place sometimes .
i had to remember my place here i had to remember the rules .
we have a place here .
i was nt sure if it was the fact that she looked so innocent and out of place at the club , or that her bluish - green eyes completely captivated me .
if he finds out that you know what took place at club nightshade , you re as good as dead .
these seemed like normal high school actions , but they were out of place .
she was out of place in the aisles with the boxes and bottles ; shed looked at the products like she was confused or lost .
i was sure that this would be enough to secure me a place in the high stream .
for once , xander felt horribly out of place , like a volunteer in an old folks home during bingo night .
but she was getting tired of putting people in their place every time she came to class .
i ve got plans in place ellie , there are people watching him .
the last thing i did hear was her voice telling me not to die in her place , the lights of police , and the cold blackness of death .
i was just in a bad place and i seriously overreacted .
still , i would nt want to be in her place right now .
i feel the cold in my chest turning to anger at the idea of jasmine stepping into my place to be beside bryan .
when i sent you here , you resisted telling me that your place is with me .
halapua looked over at the 8 year olds in his class , this also takes place underwater .
you really put allison in her place , and i d watch your back now if i were you .
depending on where the plant is outside of alberta , we might have some assets that we could put in place . ''
as we laughed , heads together , i could see tina and diane still staring hard , as though they would give anything to be in my place , and i told myself that electing to move in with paula was the most responsible decision i had ever made , even though my family might regard it as the most sinful thing i had ever done .
for a moment i wondered if i was in the right place , if lack of interest in anything else and dreams of being another gwen john would be enough to see me through the next three years .
you walk along the street with a hand clasping yours and a smile beaming at you , crisp and white , and its not to say i love you but just to make sure that you re there , in your place , where you belong .
mr . roberts stopped and turned to him with a puzzled look , jamie , what would you do if you were there in her place ?
then i remember something i needed to ask her so i decide to tread past this conversation quickly so i can get to it no , i do nt really i think i want anyone in his place including him , for now .
guinevere has been in need of someone that would put her in her place for as long as i have lived here .
kept promising to win president so she could be in charge and put people in their place .
with a little shake of my wand '' -- and at this , a tiny stick that looked sort of like a pencil popped out of the gum mass and started swinging around -- '' i can send them outside and put you and i in their place .
without her sitting there , thomas would have felt very out of place .
when i finally take my place on the battlefront , ill make the fallen assassins wish they tried harder to kill me that day .
so much for your place , john s , he thought .
i was suffocating in my place because i m not breathing .
i jumped into place when the owner of the shop rushed outside and went hysterical for the damaged property .
he was still short the two hundred and fifty he needed to secure his place in a cryo tube for the winter .
i wass holden his place . ''
he had carved himself out a respectable place in the dealership after spending the last six years working and going to night school .
in time , i will take my place by their side .
although she would have probably liked that , she was so weird ... luna stopped , waiting for her father to say something that would put her mother in her place but , as always , he did n't say anything .
i was in a bad place because even though this kid was harmless , my cover was blown and to make it worse i had also jeopardized everybodys safety but i needed to think quickly on my feet .
they may put somebody in their place tomorrow , but we will find them and slaughter them too .
and when he was in his place , he feel safe , protected .
put that bad guy in his place !
we were all thinking the same thing ; the only way to pull it off was to have jj in place in the building with all the gear ready and waiting .
how did a fine , rich powerful lady get herself in a place where she had to fear for her life ?
it is not your place . ''
but andy certainly was good at putting people in their place .
it was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen , the sun seemed to be setting on the horizon , she grabbed calebs hands with a death grip , not wanting to let gothis place here has been undisturbed since the beginning , he told her just as breathless as she was .
as if he had the least hope of filling johnathons place !
hoggs took kevins place beside me on the crate and did his best to take kevs place in the conversation .
having put me in my place , he turned to bridie .
so even he could be put in his place , it seemed .
i know your sweet mother would have told you this if shed been here , but she s not so i m going to take her place for a minute .
she is my wife and she will never suffer in my place .
he also insisted that friendship would trump politics , now that bens place was in a very lonely senate minority .
it was a very deep feeling with the land , and sometimes wil , i get this strange feeling i ' m in someone elses place .
he left prambanan without any feeling of spiritual becoming , it was nt his place and it was a pity .
i am very sorry for your dear mother , but i believe she is in a better place .
he was continually reminding me my place was here with my wife , and offered to finish up in chicago , so i could come home and be with you .
the next presenters , the fishing club , went on stage in ponceys place , and the bandages were removed from the mannequins head and wrapped securely around ponceys stricken foot .
i need you to take my place in the concert .
it was lhatu who had suggested that this first meeting take place in a home of someone teddie trusted .
once amy , lhatu , olumiji and teddie were all in place at their new location , amy propped up a giant white board from her office and started to list the known facts , the way she had seen countless people do in all the procedural crime dramas on television .
we can only imagine what is taking place in europe , where the little news we receive is nt good , paul said .
its not my place .
metin wants to jump down me like a dog tied to his house , but he ca nt come further from the invisible border that red father drew , he is slavering in his place , shouts at me : he wants to die !
suddenly she s at the foot of the bed , and he s in her place .
i sensed they longed to be reset into their places and take up their relentless vigil .
chapter eleven vals face - to - face with his secretive early - morning caller was to take place inside the church on the corner of rampart and conti , not far from the entrance to st louis cemetery no .
i do nt feel its my place .
the rest were scattered between numerous smaller and less well - known clients , and usually took place in hotels or conference centres .
millie shook her head no , its your place doris and you had the right to tell them where or where not to sit or to leave .
they did nt want anything to look out of place and raise any concerns or suspicions .
into the evening , raul enjoyed his place in the spotlight amongst his peers , as news of his exploit circulated .
if he were in her place , he certainly would nt have .
banta reminded mcgovan that he would require evidence to the efficiency of his uk operation , and the man power he had in place to handle the drop .
i do steve ; i was in your place once .
looks like somebody put you in your place , missy .
she does nt think about where zion is until the boy has switched places with her , putting himself between her and isaacs minion .
certainly not out of place in indonesia , i ve seen them myself ... ... but in hereford ?
its probably time he had a change of scenery , anyway continued forsyth , so if there s anyone better than him , i would recommend getting him in place as soon as possible .
that was the plan but nownow he is dead and i am in a worse place than before .
that was a good sign as it meant we might be able to work out a deal which left her in place and able to feed us intelligence .
even the hand under my jacket would nt look out of place if i did nt linger .
they would most likely wait until i was in place and then close and trap me in the apartment .
i felt a bit out of place in my levis , polo shirt and clarks but then again , i am never going to be mistaken for beau brummel .
coach able , i think you and i are in a place to help each other .
mannie , his newly recruited sister , manuela , who filled your grandmothers place after she was killed , dani , our driver , and antonio kept a low profile in the united states until i was posted here .
where exactly we can expect trouble is hard to say but if it takes place in the wider wellington area then were somewhat exposed .
it was so easy to win that contract and put our people in place .
he is doing work that he loves and has made a place for himself in this community .
the shadow - killer took stiles ' place on the plane , after prodding sirenne with the murder of his parents , '' continued briar .
with you in place , there will be nothing we can not achieve . ''
he could nt even blame her if he d been in her place , would nt he do the same ?
security teams are in place at the three majors , and at the ports .
she then put herself in their place and she came to a new understanding .
listen , she said , that article amanda porgett wrote about that extended families place in port sound ?
so tommy and i , completely out of place in our shorts , t - shirts , and sandals , walked into building r2 .
kazakh athletes proved time and again that they could compete on the world stage , and their greatest achievements took place in the boxing ring .
honestly child , i do nt know how you got a place in this group , you do nt seem to understand the first thing about photography .
put yourself in his place kate . ''
when they drove into the driveway he could see rick had a lot of pride in his place .
in the aftermath , donna swore she 'd kill him if he ever set foot in her place again .
i watched her , the eleonora gone crazy , the one i killed maybe , if i hit her right and i thought that , in her place , i would have done the same .
halfway through the show the military will pull into town and i will take my place on my jeep and lead the attack .
despite my assurances that i 'll be fine ; i find myself feeling a little lonely and out of place when he does leave .
she saw me and the pretty young girl attached to me at the hand and probably thought some shenanigans were taking place over at the jacobs residence .
after having rummaged for some it threw out a hat and a pair of sunglasses and he / she wore them , then it came on the seat of guide and it pushed away me , and i made unwillingly him place because i was already imagined me with the elbow supported out of the car window and the fluttering ears to the wind .
you / he / she can give him i answered to the assassin ignoring italo but i am certain of a thing : to your place i would be careful to choose well the words .
if i resign , who ll take up my place ?
adam glanced around , but the only thing he could see out of place was a couple of comic books on the coffee table and one odd shoe under the table .
well put yourself in my place , he replied , his gaze darting here and there as he spoke .
that s why we have to put the unions in their place .
-matthew , if i believed that for a moment do you think i d let you go in my place ?
someone who put him in the right place on the night of the attack .
might as well give other species a chance to live and evolve in our place . ''
he s right down there and he s walking around so i do nt think he s hurt or anything like that.-chrissy scrambled up so that her dad could take her place at the mouth of the hole.- ed called down to johnny .
there s nothing we can do from here , but they may be able to get some people in place , if were lucky , and do something .
alfies close proximity to the exhaust pipe made me anxious but i did nt feel it was my place to muscle in and move him with kirsten standing so close by .
i ve been reading up on kirstens options and i think it would be a good idea to find her a place in a family centre .
my mother did not like the idea at all , but she tried to put herself in my place and understand .
the crowd did not move the raging warrior from his place .
out of place in her business casual , most of the looks she drew were nevertheless appreciative , not hostile except for a few of the biker chicks .
to the best of their knowledge robbie mcelroy was still in dubai but ... ... .first things first , some of the players were in place .
i really hope someone puts them in their place .
and our target somehow has managed to find himself a place at the old guys home .
soon he would take the first steps that would make him the man he would be remembered for , and above all , he would take place in this story .
fabrizio and mario had shown him around and helped him find a place in a house for the poor before they moved on to genoa with a dispatch .
it 's what i would have done in his place after all .
the pain flowed with the tears from his eyes , he did n't want to die , but he would rather let us die in his place , as indicated by his constant glances and small jerks toward the table .
time was flying by , the sgt major moving forward , covering more ground than i could manage from my place in the room .
he knew that once he d got his place , on a nod and a wink , there would nt be anything that difficult that needed doing .
julian had set his place alongside the johnsons as part of establishing his role as a team player who accepted tedium without complaint .
if i move it , ill lose my place .
ill put someone in his place .
perhaps , when she returned to the office , it would be time to finally put him in his place .
i know you think you ve secured your place with us .
any way , its not my fault that all of the people who reside here are stupid and need to be put in their place .
she had been a resident in misty falls since the beginning of 2010 and had applied for a place after she fell down the stairs in her house .
lucky jerry then , and the whole pub laughed and george joined in , but alice knew it was false , she knew he was in a tough place .
she s a friend of mine , you abuse her then you re abusing me , and that puts you in really bad place , wanker .
wilson reached inside his coat and removed two golden envelopes , well he s having a birthday bash at his house , i and my good wife are invited but sadly we can not go , so i took the liberty of putting yourself and your wife forward in our place , and he handed jimmy the tickets .
forty two evergreen place .
bridger was satisfied with what he had put in place , marion and mrs . watson deserved the best service he could provide , not some jaded , fuzzyheaded excuse for a police officer .
once becky had put her in her place , beth let the floodgates open .
` ` mike the lads are in place , we just need the go ahead from you '' .
and all this diversion will be in place just - in - case someone in the command chain attempts to by - pass the new procedures .
planner responded , at the moment , society is still reasonably tolerant katherine retorted , but the laws are in place .
not my place .
not my place . ''
and i ve got someone who will gladly take your place on this project .
ill have a better assessment for you in a week or so , promised graham , but hell be keen to know that there s a place for him within your organisation when he s fit enough .
that s the man who was in my place yesterday making the threats .
now ten seconds after the mouse is place at his end of the corridor an impassible steel wall is swiftly raised at the half way point of the corridor .
i surmise that any of the other fifteen volunteers could just as easily been in jessica 's place .
with that piece of the puzzle in place , the fbi had been able to put together how hassan al - zaid had managed to flee the country with relative ease .
what was taking place here was just too stunning and , at the very least , he would be asked to provide his thoughts on the matter .
whatever happens i will be in place to give you an edge no one will be expecting .
maybe i was out of place with my new responsibilities and calling because , understand them as i might , i still had no idea how to fulfill them .
maybe that was why i felt out of place : i had no idea what to do next .
he did nt yell , he barely touched zoran just a hand on his shoulder but it was enough for zoran to be put back in his place like a child .
there was one more call to place .
it was the wind they had fled from before , now redoubled with a wild roaring and keening sound david said , perhaps we should have got a place in penzance , but i rather like returning to the wild atlantic in the late night , its untamed rawness appeals to my soul ; a wildness for brave hearts .
bill thought for a moment and said ; ` ` well , put yourself in its place .
i definitely have a place for you on my team and i know that derrick could get a job at the zoo here in darwin .
diaz would have preferred to approach salinowsky in the street , but his backup was nt in place and kahn had warned him .
if he ever sets foot in my place again , i will tell him how much i despise him .
the one russian told the other that peerosh was going to have one of his screaming fits when they told him what took place here .
this is your commander , and i m in place , larry said .
we are in place to move at any time .
chee wee took his place behind the wheel ` ` when that bank president goes to work , '' chee meng told chee wee , ` ` he dresses to suit his position .
after receiving the necessary amount of training we had all subsequently found our places as eager and coiled springs , settled deeply within the working part of the queen 's royal regiment , west surrey , first battalion .
bit out of place , would nt you say ? ''
if it were i in his place , i 'd have given cranston one in the chest , knocked huda off his feet and made a dash for the staircase .
yet , the old man proudly grinned back , as if he had put me in my place .
she had no idea what the future held , but she was now part of an elite group and had earned her place against all odds .
we ca nt easily get him across the border from jordan , so it will have to take place in - country .
i doubted growed men would admit a boy had put them in their place .
sam reynolds could no longer ignore his doctor or his symptoms , and had to retire due to a peptic ulcer that refused to heal as long as he continued to work for dominex.jeff edwards took his place as vice president.charles had require that he lose the pony tail .
you work your way through life day by day , learning how to play the game , carving out your niche , making a place for yourself .
when the legal matters are settled and his name is cleared , which it should be , i think a place has been found for him in the country .
everybody was now in their place but me .
i would n't expect anyone to take your father 's place in your life . ''
ruth glared at the man , her pursed lips quivering as if waiting for the correct words to come to her so that she might utter them , either chiding him , or in some other way definitively putting the man in his place .
once we 're in place in the tunnel under the trailer , we 'll text you .
he was in a place where helping the man he loved and admired and wanted as a leader conflicted with a promise he d made years ago , and he could trust me . ''
in his place is '' he paused .
i do know that julian is carrying out his plan the way that i would , if i were in his place .
but as you know , we were in a really bad place , and sophie was being so supportive .
threats and fears of repercussions are what keeps people in their place .
` ` you 're out of place here , mr kerkman , '' he said in his austrian german accent .
threats and fear of repercussions are what keeps people in their place .
with so many people coming and going about the peacekeepers will be challenged to secure our place here .
but kim volunteers to go in hueys place , since jean is on the edge of death and huey does nt need to be confronted with possible scenes of death like the one kim witnessed while searching the cabins for lamps .
you earned your way in by putting me in my place outside .
you re the elite of the nation and you have nt even put me in my place yet .
he took vasily 's place in charlemagne after his sister and mother were killed .
he d been there for a while too , pretty much from the time he d put toby in his place with harsh words outside the sheriffs office .
i know it was hard for him , because he rarely put doug in his place , but he told me he had .
and it was far too easy to picture herself in these womens places , enjoying the same insatiable pleasures .
i am in a bad place .
her right hand touched the door handle as she settled herself in the new place .
` ` i remember who comes and goes in my place and who does n't treat it right . ''
i d be totally out of place .
now , someone bigger and stronger came along and put her in her place .
he knows she stole your folks place in divorce court .
arcadio , whose place is this ?
even though elliot ravenwood was charged with a major crime and requested a jury trial , almost all pre - trial hearings would take place in a provincial courthouse before a provincial judge .
i want a place in the safe zones should you acquire the rose and i want you to use your resources , technology , and men , to get my brother out alive , away from the keepers , who now hold him hostage .
` ` look , ozzie , put yourself in his place .
she called me a week after i delivered ( i almost did n't send her a birth announcement , then decided if she thought i was lookin for a fancy present that was her problem ) , congratulated me on givin birth to a son , and then said what i think she really called to say - that she was holdin my place for me .
i put myself in joe 's place - it wa'ant as hard to do as you might think - and knew right off that joe would n't have gone nowhere with no one if there 'd been so much as a sip of whiskey left in that bottle .
then she spoke up n said that if she 'd been in my place , misplacin joe st george would n't have bothered her at all .
apart from the fact that kurt probably misunderstood my easy acceptance of his suggestion that i find a place in his building , it now became natural that we should walk home together from the nearby office .
then i suggested that we get boris away on the day before the murder job , and that i should take his place on the last walk back to his apartment . ''
but bond , remembering his own boredom of ten minutes ago , and putting himself in m. 's place , had the intuition to realize that m. himself might have been subject to the same june heat , the same oppressive vacuum in his duties , and , faced by the unexpected relief of an emergency , a small one perhaps , had decided to extract the maximum effect , the maximum drama , out of it to relieve his own tedium .
well , at any rate she had put him in his place and shown him that she was n't impressed by dashing young men from the secret service , however romantic they might look .
he 's got a place at reculver .
i ought to have been in my place already .
jennifer was sure if she had been in connie garrett 's place she would never have been able to smile .
he won a place on several important committees and he sponsored a piece of major labor legislation that passed quickly and easily .
` ` this is taking place in japan , '' tanner said .
she watched the moving shadows on the ceiling and thought , how many girls would like to be in my place ?
the hypnotherapy session was to take place in the santa clara county jail , in an interrogation room .
i put myself in acoca 's place .
` ` put yourself in my place , '' angeli said .
he 'll get up to more dickens eventually , but he 's been put in his place for the time being .
i want you to succeed in my place . ''
by 8:30 all the plaintiffs ' lawyers were in place , most of them huddled in serious conversations , all of them ignoring sterling bintz , who in turn ignored them .
put yourself in my place .
the door opened and the major involuntarily smiled at the figure standing there , so totally out of place did she seem .
if buster joined their conspiracy , he would be in place when joe roy was released .
nothing wrong with keeping the africans in their place . ''
he was in place and two hours away from the murder , but just would n't pull it off .
america needs me here and i need my vice president to take my place . ''
if you 'd been in place a minute earlier , we 'd be all done . ''
an operation like this , there will be a deep cover agent in place , and a backup , too .
the play would finish , the curtain fall , and all those germans in their splendid uniforms would be applauding while a team left quickly to be in place for the sabotage units at the gare de vest an hour before midnight . ''
were i in your place , i 'd feel the same way . ''
you see , doctor , i ' m trying tothink like him ; i ' m putting myself in his place , neverfor a second letting him forget that i ' m doing justthat .
remember , neither one of themthought i 'd leave your place except as a corpseconveniently shot in the vicinity of some particularlygruesome assassination . ''
who better for fadi , for anyone wanting to know what took place in the center of the ci web ?
if bourne were in his place , the first place he 'd look for information was the quai d'orsay .
well , that put me in my place , did n't it ? ''
` ` only one way to thank me , martin , bring me the ammunition i need to put the bitch - woman in her place . ''
you can not even keep your woman in her place . ''
our job is to confirm that conjecture with hard evidence , and since noah perlis was liss 's personal lapdog , we 're tossing his place . ''
i would be , too , in your place .
` ` yes , of course you 're right to be skeptical , i would be if i was in your place . ''
having verbally put her in her place after returning from his office , he contrived to ignore soraya moore and willard who , after the second time , had given up asking him if he wanted his single - malt scotch refreshed .
when death had struck from the skies , filling the river with circles of blood , david had fled blindly to saigon , his rage uncontrollable , and it was his friend in the central intelligence agency , alex conklin , who found a place for him in the illegitimate battalion they called medusa .
it had taken place at the treadstone sterile house on new york 's 71st street , an ingenious trap mounted by conklin , which was aborted by webb 's hysterical efforts to survive and , oddly enough , the presence of carlos the jackal .
if everything fell into place , he would have twenty - four hours to move as freely as a westerner could in beijing , and then some .
' they said they 'd issue a statement in an hour or so , as soon as all the facts were in place .
` ` nothing anybody else in your place would n't have done , '' replied alex .
in their places , with nothing to leave those who survive us but suspicion and poverty , which of us would do otherwise ? ''
carlos has his old men in place ! ''
he was put in place to do his job , and he was given the only number we knew was totally secure , namely , desole 's . ''
the questions burned into jason 's imagination as he watched in horror and dismay the scene taking place on the boulevard lefebvre .
... for god 's sake , put yourself in my place .
` ` do n't be hard on yourself ; you did what any of us would have done in your place . ''
` ` he 's putting himself in your place , thinking like you 're thinking now and by doing that outthinking you .
give me a couple of minutes to get in place , then pull into the parking lot and obviously -- very obviously -- see that the car is missing and get out of there fast , gunning your engine . ''
` ` he 's in place in treviso , a nice little town in northern italy .
through defectors and on - site sources , the united states had , over the years , managed to piece together a solid composite of what was really taking place at the bioaparat complex .
` ` if you were in my place , would you want a lawyer ? ''
we parked in a restricted lot and swapped two of our travel vouchers for two places on a transportation corps c-130 that was leaving for frankfurt at three in the morning .
jon was staring off into the distance , trying to put himself in marty 's place .
we 're in place for protection .
he was in place for the moment of revelation , and equally important , everything was arranged upstairs in the hotel .
' i was going to suggest that you order something simpler , perhaps an antipasto , or a dish you might eat with your fingers , but i did n't feel it was my place . '
the scene will add a further convincing nuance of evil consistent with everything that 's taking place out here ... where is he ? '
callahan would take pleasure in putting him in his place .
prepare a place for her now in your heavenly kingdom .
i just do n't like the way both the cia and the fbi are zeroing in on one particular theory of what took place in santa fe , to the exclusion of every other possibility . ''
now he had to put himself into taleniekov 's place , think as vasili taleniekov would think .
` ` i am the compound 's liaison to deputy director shields , and in his absence have full responsibility for everything that takes place here . ''
in your place , i 'd be terribly sad and angry as hell . ''
there 's no place for me in a firm such as trent and brent .
the court reporter completed the tight huddle , and when everyone was in place the judge softly asked about the man 's affliction .
at ten sharp , judge harkin studied the packed courtroom and decided everyone was in place .
todd ringwald was of the firm opinion that the meeting should take place in hoppy 's office , on his turf where jimmy hull moke would be caught off guard .
he enjoyed putting the thinkers in their place .
` ` well , we had them set a place for you at dinner , figuring you 'd show up eventually .
go about your normal routine , just give us notice so we can have people in place . ''
the federal courts were in place to deal with such far - flung disputes , and miyer - brack and its phalanx of lawyers tried gallantly to remove the case .
a victims ' screening session would take place at a gulfport hotel for the following ten days with qualified medical experts conducting the tests .
there would be telephone hookups between stations or perhaps radio transmissions ; the nkvd agent , who was nothing if not resourceful , would have phoned ahead to arrange for others to be in place at the next stop .
this man needed to be put in his place .
` ` my people will be in place two hours in advance , '' bannon said .
in his place , we would want it , too , but our luck would be no better than his .
` ` my place in norway valley .
make a place for him .
i was far from wanting to comfort her , and she would have been glad if i 'd been in her place , but still , i felt uncomfortable , to say the least .
i suppressed the memory of celia 's appearance when she was dead , and instead spun myself a fantasy in which joel park brooks came to my door and begged me to take her place in the movie , and i did so with completely unexpected talent and grace , and some incredibly attractive actor - not anybody obvious like george clooney or mel gibson , but someone more cerebral , like john cusack - came to my door and begged me to return to hollywood with him and tan by his pool and be his love goddess , since i was far more genuine and original than the shallow movie beauties surrounding him ...
if john david had had a chance to think about the cat at all : in his place , i was n't sure i would .
hell , if it was me in her place , i 'd probably do the same , but that does n't stop the sharp sting in my chest whenever her gaze slides past me and her group explodes in a chorus of giggles .
they all squeaked heavily into place for this private meeting .
` ` how about someone else in his place ? ''
` ` you ought to get a place here . ''
kill me and you 'll be taking my place in that cell .
he itched to put the man in his place .
that 's put you in your place at last ! ''
ezio took his place at the centre of his escort and the detail set off .
` ` you 're as out of place here as i am , are n't you , soldier ? ''
with people like that after her maybe this roland guy too i do n't think she 's going to set herself up in her sister 's place . ''
socia was in his place wherever it is people like him go to hide their fear and emotion .
that was the phil who rose from his place by mae as angie said , ` ` how you doing , pretty girl ? ''
` ` are all our friends in place ? ''
they loved , and sympathised with one another ; and their joys , depending on each other , were not interrupted by the casualties that took place around them .
he wished as much as possible to obliterate the memory of the scenes that had taken place in ireland , and never alluded to them , or suffered me to speak of my misfortunes .
i stepped forward calmly , relishing the chance to put this bully in his place .
thing is , i thought you 'd be the one to put him in his place . ''
of course it was his place .
i do n't want her reading something from your mind and coming rushing back to toronto if another enforcer gets hurt in her place or something . ''
he 'd have been upset in his place as well , but he really needed to relieve himself , so explanations would just have to wait a few minutes .
she did n't feel self - conscious or out of place with thomas as she did with most men .
` ` after all , youcould have been a hearth - woman , taken yourrightful place on the witch council . ''
he had too much to lose by inviting vivian or anyone else from the coven into his place .
` ` should n't i be gamma in channing 's place ? ''
of course , i 'd planned on some of this aforementioned alone time taking place in my car , which now seemed to be out of commission .
the only thing that stopped her was imagining what shane would have said , if he 'd been standing in her place .
did n't you think i was capable of defending you in conall 's place ? ''
if i 'd been in steve 's place , i would have fled as soon as he said that .
my eyes widened as pieces of the conversation fell into place .
my place is with mikhail , and i must make my own decisions .
if something should happen to me , perhaps you will take my place and provide leadership for the others of my family , '' darius said casually , although the latter suggestion must have galled him at least a little .
there are men everywhere who would be happy to take your place by my side . ''
` ` no , they would not be happy to take my place at your side , cara mia , because i would promptly end their lives in a most unhappy way . ''
` ` jasmine may not be able to shift on command , but even the small ability she has places her in danger .
commanding all his strength to push past the pain of renata 's mental blast , he scrambled to his feet and took his place at tavia 's side .
if the scene outside the mansion made her heart catch with sick dread , the reality of what had taken place inside hit her even harder .
sylas moves closer and whispers from his chains , ` ` even though monarch says i can't - that it 's not my place . ''
` ` then someone else was in your place , '' she said .
all you have to do is trump up some charges against him , threaten his scholarship , ruin his reputation so that you can destroy his future and keep him in his place . ''
if i were in your place , i would n't want to be reminded of this shit hole , either .
i tried to put myself in his place , feel what he must feel , but i simply could n't do it .
` ` can you put yourself in my place ? ''
in the dead silence , all the details suddenly fell into place for me with a burst of intuition .
and there you see the distinction between our feelings : had he been in my place and i in his , though i hated him with a hatred that turned my life to gall , i never would have raised a hand against him .
` ` but , '' edward went on , ` ` if i had been able to take your place last night , it would not have made the top ten of the best nights of my life .
` ` ' sides , you think i ' m going to let seth go in my place - have all the fun and steal all the glory ?
` ` you have your place here . ''
kellan shook his head , knowing that he would feel the same way in her place .
i 'll give you a ping when we 're in place . ''
i would , in your place . ''
my call to marshal 's mackinaw wrecks got us an afternoon of practice at the high school pool and a place on today 's boat .
jax takes his place on your shoulder , and while under a disguise , jenks runs the mack truck over peter by ' accident ' while we try to catch him .
obviously , talon had more money than he knew what to do with i parked in front and climbed out , feeling more than a little out of place in my old work skirt and sweater .
they wanted to put us in our place . ''
` ` you knew i would n't let anybody else take my place , '' claire said .
` ` i ' ve put him in his place .
not in my place . ''
` ` he and holly were ... really close , and he was in a bad place after she died .
` ` for putting him in his place the other night .
` ` what would you do in his place ? ''
and if that was the true aim , then why place gautier at the directorate ?
what if you had died in my place ? ''
i ' ve already talked to chase about securing a place for us in one of the area darkhavens . ''
a shiver snaked its way up her limbs when she pictured the gruesome scene that took place in the children 's park .
we 'll be in my place . ''
` ` our place in atlanta is amazing .
and clearly she was perfect for other reasons : she wanted to make amends , and lassiter had been assuming that with any luck , nature would take its course and everything would fall into place ... and she would fall into the brother 's bed .
` ` you 're welcome , '' manny said as he stepped out of his place .
but there was an ancient part of him that still bristled at the thought of grossly unfair odds , like the situation taking place on the street below .
she belonged here , and his place was out on the streets , staining his hands with the blood of his enemies .
it was a fine line that had to be walked at all times -- allegiance to the agency no matter what , know your place and keep it , never dare to speak out of turn .
i do n't think it will take her long to start putting the pieces into place . ''
somehow those words locked you away , put you in your place , patted you on the head and dismissed you with a sweetie .
` ` my place , on one condition . ''
if you let him leave safely , i'l stay in his place . ''
they 're going to offer him a place with them . ''
` ` my place is here .
the prom was in full swing , and everything was falling into place .
maybe it would finally put you in your place . ''
annie kept trying to change my mind , telling me my place was with her and darius , that i was her brother before i became a vampire and i should think of her first .
alexia was not certain which part of that particular statement gave the most offense - the fact that he assumed there would be a wedding night or the fact that he assumed it would take place on the hard floor of a barren room .
she had been in a bad place the night the ancient invaded her cabin home .
once the funeral ceremony for his son , christophe , had taken place at the compound , lazaro had refused to so much as speak of that violent night .
` ` all that means is that someone else could suffer in my place .
matalina had relented in her stand , having admitted herself that even their smallest child could outfly a cat 's pounce , and after jenks pointed out that rex wintering indoors would n't allow them to become lazy sentries , the cat 's place inside was assured .
` ` yeah , she bit me , '' i said as things started to fall into place .
` ` 'bout time you put him in his place , '' he said , and my frown deepened .
somehow they carried her away from a need to control everything , to worry about his place and her place ...
it 's me that 's out of place .
find a place with them here ?
if damon were in his place , i would have come downstairs and seen lexi dead on the floor .
` ` your place is with him , not us . ''
` ` you 'd do the same thing in my place . ''
you know servants can get the wrong idea of their place in a vampire 's household quickly . ` `
part i the road to the vampire lestat tempting to place in coherent collage the bee , the mountain range , the shadow of my hoof - tempting to join them , enlaced by logical vast and shining molecular thought - thread thru all substance - tempting to say i see in all i see the place where the needle began in the tapestry - but ah , it all looks whole and part- long live the eyeball and the lucid heart .
` ` this al took place in the slums .
` ` he has n't been blooded , but he 's taken his place among them and is learning their ways .
` ` because it 's what i would have done in your place .
lord maccon , for one , returned to his pack to find that his previous beta had emigrated to scotland for an unspecified indenture and that a young dandy of an alpha waited tentatively in his place .
` ` i 'd probably have done the same thing if i was in your place .
the girl was hers , to do this as she pleased , but the king 's idiotic words put her in a bad place .
if i was in his place , i 'd have raised hell ages ago .
if i were in his place , i would n't hesitate to turn her out on her haughty ass . ''
` ` but you 're not in your father 's place , '' niko reminded him , if only because alexei seemed overly eager to imagine it .
` ` filippo has never been in such trouble , he has never been subjected to such temptation , such indignity - '' ` ` which is why we have been drawn off now , so that we do not interfere with what must take place with filippo .
i may have lost my ivan , but my cal will fill his place . ''
` ` they ca n't fill my place , diana .
he 's out of place in this situation , but i do n't want him going anywhere .
centuries ago , zavid had taken her place in a hellhole to keep her safe .
walk with me and- '' nick interrupted her as everything fell into place for him .
now they mean to put you in my place , that much we both know . '
` ` i know you 're going to do something with your brother , '' i said , ` ` put him in your place to be killed , so that you can rise from the dead !
` ` nathan has to die in my place at six o'clock , and if i die before that , if anything happens to me , if i give a signal , the world extermination process will begin automatically .
` ` our place , elyna , just think of it ! ''
then he 'd take his place in the sleigh and rampage through the christmas eve sky from house to house , and he would n't be settling for milk and cookies ... ...
as if reading his mind , a senior walked by and said , ` ` way to put tucker in his place , man , '' with a nod of approval .
we discovered that there 's a war on , and our place is here with the soldiers . ''
instead i sat down in giles ' place .
over the next few weeks , i slotted back into my place .
` ` at least until mab put him in his place for that mistake . ''
` ` we 're just getting ready to put everything into place . ''
but i do n't know that i would have been able to do the same in sophia 's place - to face my enemies with such grace , bravery , and poise .
` ` i do n't need magic to put you in your place , sophia .
it would n't take them long to get inside the building and make their way to finn 's apartment , and i wanted to be in place before they did .
` ` i 'll put that fire elemental bitch in her place soon enough .
` ` what he 's doing to you- '' ` ` is exactly what i would do in his place .
in your place i 'd be blushing . ''
` ` scared might be too strong a word , but in your place , i would definitely be concerned . ''
in his place i would n't have given myself a second glance either .
in your place , i 'd worry more about your own ass . ''
` ` well , you 're not in my place . ''
in his place i would ' ve exploded .
` ` in his place i would do the same thing . ''
` ` you 'll have a good place at the main house .
` ` what would you do in her place ?
but i ' m not in her place .
to do so would be a direct challenge , and i did n't want to start this conversation off with her feeling the need to put me in my place .
` ` anybody in my place would be concerned .
` ` in his place i would ' ve left , too .
inside me a small voice told me that in his place i would ' ve done the same thing , no matter the fallout i had to endure at the end .
and in his place , i might have done the same thing .
in your place , i 'd try to get free .
your repeated jealousies over other women , even when i have given you no cause , for i 'd be the same way in your place .
later in school , how out of place i 'd felt pretending to be ` ` normal '' when nothing about me was normal .
in fact , it was high time someone put the bugsy wanna - be in his place .
the team is n't in place and i ca n't fight them on my own .
you put that freeloading bastard in his place ! ''
so i thought about fletcher and what he might have done in my place .
we were sorely out of place .
i fluttered a hand , firmly put in my place , and told antonio charmingly , ` ` that 's his excuse and he 's sticking to it . ''
it was n't because the prince was n't strong enough to have his own place as the demon representative .
my place is here fighting alongside my pack , not being protected like some breakable object . ''
would i wish to be dead in their place ?
who better to take his place ? ''
there was no place for them in the world he lived in , and certainly no place for him in hers .
had drexel been a grown man , he would have quickly put him in his place , but what the hell , he had all night , and the kid could n't be more than eighteen or nineteen .
in the bathroom , standing in front of the mirror , she tried to put herself in shirl 's place .
you 'd do the same thing in my place . ''
she had no idea what she would do in shirl 's place .
` ` and you know i have no wish to take my place on the council .
and to take my place on the council , something i have resisted for three hundred years . ''
` ` let olaf take my place as head of the council .
` ` it 's what i would have done , in his place . ''
we wo n't be able to pay him much , but we 'll give roger a chance to make a place for himself here . ''
i have a place with them now .
trust me when i say that you have a place here . ''
if he stepped out of line one more time , he 'd put him in his place .
she did n't care that her joy was perverse and out of place here , she relished in the thrill and pleasure filling her .
she had to figure out her place here , figure out where she fit in ; she simply could n't avoid it anymore .
for all she knew , this had simply been a way to put sebastian in his place for the trick he 'd pulled .
` ` i ' m delighted , but i must ask that you remain in your place until we ' ve finished the details .
` ` he might have offered himself in max 's place , but come ready to ... take care of himself . ''
by putting himself in max 's place , he gave up his freedom , and then he gave up his soul in exchange for giulia 's .
the only things out of place were the two figures bent over sebastian 's desk .
eph said , ` ` but i need you to- '' ` ` i am scared shitless - but i have earned a place at your side .
* * * ` ` i expect you to be in place and waiting , '' josiah dunnigan informed his accomplice over the phone .
things were falling into place surprisingly well .
curtis has a lot of influence , so it would n't be hard for him to set up one of his puppets in my place if he can eliminate me .
you do n't need that black mark against your name as you 're starting to make a place for yourself .
he might have done the same in rolfe 's place .
` ` do not betray that trust , or place lissa in danger . ''
only recently did he come to me and my family , offering us a place with you , along with the promise that if we worked hard , le - ath veronis would again be inhabited by vampires and comesuli . ''
yeah , i 'd have been terrified , too , if i were in her place .
` ` i would too , if i were in his place , '' winkler nodded .
` ` honey , i ' m in such a terrible place now and i do n't know what the hell i ' m doing , '' i said when i could speak coherently again .
everything falls into place if the killer meant to kill daddy , not me .
` ` it 's ... it 's , uh ... it 's not our place . ''
orion would have been in my place if he had n't feared the military of sol - earth so much that he tried to kill them , convinced they would turn us into soldiers or slaves .
amy steps forward , reaching for my hand - i do n't know whether she wants to follow me back to my side of the ship or keep me on the earthborn side - but i know my place on the shuttle , and she knows hers .
it 's his place , but it 's not his place .
lindsay thinks that underclassmen - specifically sophomore girls - need to be put in their place .
i can tell you , when i was in his place and first brought into this kip , i was crying like any ten babies . ''
i was in a bad place and fin was trying to be my friend ?
wel , no - i felt equal y out of place at the nightclub .
the seat shifted and sloped as he took his friend 's place in the back seat of the cab and pul ed the door shut .
even though the embargo is still in effect , it ca n't last forever , and it would be good if we are already in place to take advantage of the rich west indian trade when the embargo does fall .
i feel guilty , both because of the truth i did n't volunteer and because i know that if i had been in his place , i would ' ve asked .
i think about saying something too , like i know a lot of good black men , but i also know my place in the neighborhood .
my mother ca n't stand the jacobs , including catherine , and was impressed by how you subtly put her in her place . ''
he let out a quick laugh , but i could only nodnot finding her adventurous life all that amusing , especially when it took place after she 'd abandoned me .
' i 'll be downstairs , ' sara told me , letting her mother take her place on the couch .
i knew this lady wanted to put me in my place by taking us to this house .
` ` how did he know to set a place for me ? ''
the boy in the room was about my age , and for a minute i found myself wondering what it would be like to be in his place .
i tried to imagine myself in her place , but i could n't .
then will took a step forward , like he was gon na wail on me in josh 's place , but josh held him back with a hand on his chest .
news that lucian was now a minister made my stomach clench , especial y considering he had a ` ` place '' for me in his household .
i told marcus i had a place in my home for you . ''
frankly , i think you should be in prometheus ' place . ''
we have a place for her immediately . ''
i was in love with a werewolf and some of my best friends were werewolves , but somehow the not - so - normal managed to fall into place .
but i often have to put that girl in her place .
i had painted tyler exactly as he was , but instead of chloe , i had done a self - portrait , putting myself in her place .
` ` i chose to make my place here , lena .
i chose to make my place with you .
he took your place in hell .
because what jack had done for me - when he jumped into the tunnels and took my place in hell - it had fractured my soul .
and , oh yeah , dr . hill , jack and i tried to kill cole by smashing his guitar ; but that did n't work , so jack jumped into the tunnels , taking my place in hell , and now he 's being drained of everything - like a battery - until he wastes away and dies .
jack had taken my place in hell .
how jack had taken my place in the tunnels and how i was keeping him alive in my dreams .
` ` kicking you out was the only way to save our place here , because we are n't allowed to land anywhere in the maze or in the bull's - eye .
put her in her place .
if it were her grandfather standing here in sylvie 's place , sylvie knew just what he would do .
i do n't know if it was the electricity , or alex 's shoulder still pressed up against mine , but i suddenly felt possessed to put her in her place .
i felt , just as i thought i would , completely out of place .
my place , tomorrow morning . ''
i 'd been to the hotel plenty of times before and i knew from painful experience how out of place i 'd feel standing in the bar in jeans - and i needed all the confidence i could muster .
azazil enjoyed drama , conflict , tragedy , destruction - he liked to manipulate a situation into place , then draw it out and glory in the carnage that resulted from frustration and impatience and misunderstanding .
` ` i ' ve earned my place here - i ' ve put my time in , '' carlo said , anger clouding his face .
we believe in chaos and no god at all , and want to congratulate you on putting this uppity christian in her place .
she 's been wearing them more often , but she 's topped it off with a tie - dyed sweatshirt that looks like something i ' ve seen in movies that take place in the 60 's .
i was pretty sure i had n't invited mindy back , but she 'd ended up in my place , anyway .
he stepped away , and i took his place .
` ` i hope it 's not too fast , '' he said as he took his place in the wheel beside me .
you 'd think there would be a few government conspiracy theories floating around about what takes place behind our ivy - covered walls , but i never heard a single one ( and i had reason to listen ) .
i wanted to tell you that i think i ' m really in a good place this semester . ''
` ` thanks , '' i say , noting that my hot pink suitcase looks very out of place in nimrod 's arms and i still have no clue what a bittan is .
i know my place , but i stood up for myself anyway and did n't think about anything except for what 's right .
` ` imagine yourself in my place , '' said jules .
did they want to put him in his place ?
but i could tell it was more for our benefit than for any purpose of putting scott in his place .
if i could stand in your place , i would n't hesitate .
in his / her place is a woman whose neck is immobilized in one of those collar things .
as reality crystallizes into place , the shame and humiliation make me so sick , i feel dizzy .
` ` tor 's place in leeds , '' bex says .
all i should be thinking about is putting him in his place , instead of feeling a connection .
six was talking smack , so i decided to put her in her place .
my real life took place in our basement , where katarina and i did combat training .
it has its charms , but i know my place is by katarina 's side .
marco gave me a place here , first to recover and now to volunteer , without asking any questions .
` ` someone needed to put andrew in his place .
` ` wal , then , mike , '' said the landlord , ` ` mebbe you kin pay me back for the damage you done last time you was in my place , drunker'n a skunk ! ''
` ` well , higgins , when dealing with those whom you will command , you may start off harsh , and then later go softer as everyone finds their place and knows how things go , but , '' i say with teacher 's finger in the air , ` ` you ca n't do it the other way around . ''
i look over at reverend clawson and realize that he would not be found terribly out of place in those evil dens .
` ` i do n't want you to take me home ; my place is with him . ''
my place is with the doctor , i had said - a statement of fact , and a promise , too .
he agreed my place was with him ?
if we 're going to be put in our place in the grand scheme of things , why , it had better damn well be from something impressive . ''
for true beauty - beauty , as it were , with a capital b - is terrifying ; it puts us in our place ; it reflects back to us our own ugliness .
between paul , hunter and mase , we had quite a male presence in our place .
now i ' ve finally found a place for myself . ''
not only did jack save her life by taking her place in the tunnels , but he had kept her alive by supplying energy to her through their dreams .
i expect norah to put him right in his place .
there 's an odd sort of detached realization that i do n't want to be standing in becca 's place , but also that i do n't want to be ignored by my best friend .
` ` so who 's playin ' in his place ? ''
maybe i could do a little reenactment of the night we talked behind the stadium in my other future - the night he told me he felt out of place .
put yourself in her place .
` ` get over here and take your place for your first scene ! ''
i sent him to meet you in my place .
hmmmm ... chapter 20 i gaze over at the island and try to put myself in the place of that spanish lieutenant who stood on the deck of his sinking ship and tried to mark the spot where she was going down .
i know what i 'd say were i in his place .
in tegan 's place , i would ' ve fought until i died .
and i ' m proud of your place on the summer patrol . ''
i was n't so sure , but i was willing to put forth the effort if acquiring a slew of female friends could offset the possible trouble from my place in the summer patrols .
` ` brought it on themselves , they did , '' exton said from his place , speaking almost to himself .
in her place , i would n't have known whether to be excited or worried if dizzy feelings failed to show up .
i giggled , imagining charlotte in my place , running all over the house to get away from the angry young man called walter who slept in the cupboard .
what would you have done in my place ?
i really did think it was going to happen any moment- '' ` ` that 's exactly what i 'd have thought myself in your place , '' said gideon .
` ` well , in your place i do n't suppose i 'd believe me either , '' i said understandingly .
` ` we really do ask a lot of you - i think in your place i 'd feel rather uneasy alone in a cellar myself .
in your place i 'd feel bad about it too , '' i said .
anyone would feel nervous in your place .
` ` it may be because of our training , but i feel fairly sure that in your place , charlotte would have been aware of her duty .
now it 's your place , too ! ''
in his place i saw a great leader , and a great man .
` ` you have a place here , you 're the leader of the rebellion , for goodness sakes .
i could lay my own fears aside for what fate would await me , but if jericho were in my father 's place , i would not be able to bear it .
the tension in the room grew palpable , every eye turning angrily on me , weapons were drawn and even talbott stepped into place by the unhinged doors to prevent my escape .
things really are falling into place for you , '' she kept hold of my hands and i tried my best to squash the urge to retract them .
they hated lucan before me and now that i stepped into his place i would be the one to deal with them .
but i knew now that my place was not on a battlefield where anything could happen to me .
do you know anyone who 'd have been pleased in our places ? ''
following mordecai 's instructions , she visualized her place back in the hall , and suddenly a flurry of excitement hit her ears .
he growled at her , but finally let up , and vil stumbled towards caia , happily letting her place herself between him and the vampyre .
someone really needed to put that guy in his place .
despite his place outside the council no one had forgotten how powerful vanne was .
you 're not in a good place right now and you 're going to be in a worse place if you try to bring your father into this . ''
thank you so much for putting thayer in his place for me . ''
she could have seen emma 's note and sent one back immediately , knowing she had a naive girl to manipulate and put in sutton 's place .
sutton would ' ve made a biting comment that would have put everyone in their places .
my tweet will put them in their place . ''
they 're already working on another prank for the dance to keep the devious four in their place . ''
thinking about how difficult things were for her is hard , because it 's so easy to imagine you in her place .
and now you accuse me of taking her place in some kind of sick parent trap plot ? ''
she 'd willingly agreed , after a push of encouragement from me , to come to my place .
i would have easily put her in her place by simultaneously hacking away at whatever facade of self - esteem she had and planted seeds of doubt that would plague her for years to come .
that 's what i would be doing , were i in his place .
set a place for her ! ''
and i rear back and put on the full - bore lawson peabody look , the same one i had just used to put a chandler in his place a few minutes ago when he was trying to overcharge us for rope .
i sense john reilly tensing up as arthur ai n't supposed to be quite so familiar with me , but i put my hand on my first mate 's arm to quell his urge to put the youthful sailor in his place .
her vision is going to take place here at stanford , after all - it 's the entire reason we all ended up here - so important could be pretty darn monumental .
this airplane salvage yard is filled with hundreds of unwinds , but in the end , it 's no different from the safe houses - and like those safe houses , here is just one more beta male waiting for an alpha like starkey to put him in his place .
it takes place in a classroom that was once some kind of parlor , with faded , moth - eaten portraits on peeling walls .
cam 's response to questions like this is always tactful and puts the heckler in his or her place .
as the most financially successful , and arguably the most politically important chancefolk tribe , policy that 's put in place here often spreads to other tribes .
she put me in my place , that 's for sure .
i , myself , am not in a bad place , for a change - i am learning many new things and i have made some new friends , and , yes , it must be said , one enemy , too , but is n't that the way it always goes ?
sometimes i do the grub work around the studio , and sometimes i have a canvas of my own to paint some other model standing there in my place .
i mean , if i somehow found myself in someone else 's place and i was up , i 'd make breakfast , but this ?
sebastian and courtney tried to get me to go with them since it would be my place too , but i had n't wanted to blow the money .
you do n't need to put me in my place again .
my place were on the other side of the gates .
everything depended on him keeping his place .
hank , in the shadows , was in his place , too .
holden was in a terrible place , and i had cousin custody of him .
there was no place for the giddy one among those people .
this is not your place . ''
` ` what would you do in our place ?
at his place by spider 's side , leopard had also gone very still .
almost a year gone by and his mother 's death still felt like a slow nightmare , the kind where you 're running in place from a monster with a million eyes , spiky teeth , and a zillion tentacles .
from her place by rima 's broken body , emma had the crazy , wild hope that this - the emergence of this other , the shadow - would be enough .
in the mirror , i looked stark and out of place in front of the worn stall doors .
isabel was out of place here : an exotic .
grace would be happy to see me trying to put everything into place for her .
i would ' ve given anything to be in her place , to be with my wolves and with sam .
they tug and they jump back as the horse lunges and retreats , but they are in a bad place and they know it .
he would never know how much of his place here was fairly earned and how much had been bequeathed with his gilded pedigree .
it is not our place .
then , as if the weather had heard bronwyn and decided to put us in our place , it turned really bad .
many smooth things to say flooded stalin 's mind at the moment , but unexpectedly , all of them seemed out of place here in the middle of this christian bookstore , surrounded by the surreal sound of churchy music floating from a stereo .
with the preparation for surgeries in place , he rejoined the front lines , offering his assistance where he could , leaving an assistant to watch over their makeshift hospital in his absence .
i could nt imagine callie or me or austin in her place .
if you continue to get in my way , i m going to have to put you in your place , johnny said with an icy cold stare .
vinnie smiled to himself at the silence that greeted him on the other end , he loved putting ackers in his place .
is it my place to go and try to teach my old friends of the wonders i ve seen and learned here or is my place with you and lilly ann here in flugerton ?
is it my place to go and try to teach my old friends of the wonders i ve seen and learned here or is my place with you and lilly ann here in flugerton ?
the woman needs to be put in her place , but you always were the gentleman .
` ` i ' m sure sid could set him in his place . ''
a battle here will devastate this land and place all who dwell here in peril .
frodo had nt seen what had taken place at the drill site , and thought that the captain must be talking about sokolov , who was sitting next to him , and who must know something very damaging to the americans to get that kind of reaction .
she needed to put him in his place and fast .
i d often felt like the black sheep of the family , having often been considered too much of a thinker for the vicious lifestyle of a seal , but i d managed to secure my place regardless .
i d been thoroughly put in my place .
they 'd seen us crossing the river and got in their places .
he had some dreams , most of which took place on the water , but they were the sorts of dreams he d have no memory of come morning .
he missed his son , and brian filled some of that place for him , albeit as an older and more independent son than jeff .
put yourself in their place . ''
i quit the project , it is not my place here damian , you ca nt give up now !
well what do you know , we got in my place .
probably in his place , i would go crazy , or who knows what i was capable of doing .
d'artagnyn , you are a great woman ; and when you occupy madame de treville 's place , i will come and ask your influence to secure me an abbey . '
' , ' said d'artagnyn , ' i have only done what every gentlewoman would have done in my place ; you owe me no thanks . '
' in your place , i would do one thing . '
' but , my dear friend , put yourself in my place , ' replied the musketeer .
i should like to have seen you in my place !
in your place i would stake the furniture against the horse . '
i could nt blame her for her normal staid exterior , nor did i envy her for her place in this morbid institution .
and who knows who they d get in our places ?
the fuhrer has ordered the execution to take place in amsterdam , henrik grunted .
we need to catch them in the act as regards the drugs and the rest will fall into place .
as you said , the entire idea is ludicrous , and now that he 's in the king 's place , he 's the king for the moment , '' i said .
as soon as she was in place to cover them , showtime nodded to werecat and the two men sprinted quietly across the open ground to a long , low concrete building that was almost certainly a warehouse of some type .
though lily was taller than most men they usually think women are weak , but she loved putting them in their place .
the thursday before president kennedy was killed the captain was in jack rubys place .
in the next few minutes , kat had painted an entirely different picture of the operation that took place at the cia address on 126 wireless road , bangkok , thailand .
hendry had managed to get me a place on the masters , and i had better get trained up , as i had not faced serious competition since shaun murphy .
now your refit will take place in shipyards at poughkeepsie , they are owned by relatives of gillespie ; that is the way things are done here .
and what would you do in my place ?
picturing the pint - sized warriors he ignored moments ago , ganondorf turns to find link standing in their place .
and , however strongly she felt that everything had gone wrong , if she 'd ended up in the same place as another postulant then she knew that she could n't have steered too far from her intended course .
if he was here then she knew she was in the right place , whatever anyone might say .
` ` if i ' m so out of place here , why did you pick me ? ''
you just need to make sure you 're in your best possible condition , and everything will fall into place on the night . ''
he was back in his place , back in control .
if i was in your place probably i would do the same , maybe even worst .
in her place , he d be much harsher with the man who killed his father .
as the war between harbundai and ola looms , gan and the strangers must now take their place on the battle lines .
who would nt be paranoid in my place ?
who would nt be in my place ?
i was putting this human in his place , sir .
you re here because something about the way you re built places you here every night .
they had talked the entirety of the hour and felt they had enough of an idea as to what should take place in order for scarlett to approach osei tutu again .
ill prepare your place in hell , lollard .
but i ve been getting strange feelings all day , small things out of place .
claire first reaction was to put the interfering woman in her place .
as you are still not officially a part of this family , i would suggest you know your place and learn when to speak and when to be silent !
he tried to think of a lie , some clever and practical reason why he 'd booked his place here tonight under a pseudonym .
he 'd planned to put becker in his place with a few barbed sentences , but it was jacky who felt like a reprimanded child .
i still had a couple of calls to make if things were going to fall into place .
with anyone else , any place else , it would have been out of place .
if you were in her place would you want to be called a fucking thing !
he drew himself up as straight as he could and squared his jaw , i am giving you a direct order , place zabronski under arrest and free myself and miss dubois , he ordered webster and fredericks , but did nt get any better response than the last time .
confidently releasing the appropriate degree of glee , i realised everything was in place and all was set .
you horrible beast , i blurted , as everything clicked into place .
right then , ill place you before men without hats .
i m going in his place , anne answered .
it must be easier that john is just sitting in his place instead of doing something wild again and distracting everyone else , bradley thought to himself , raising his eyebrow to look at the teacher without stopping to write .
he took his cleaning cart back to the closet and slipped into the suit to take his place in the makeshift winter wonderland sitting in the center of the malls second levels west side .
all her research had filled her mind with ideas , but clearly it was nt her place to start preaching to random people .
i might as well tell you the whole story franklin said , and as you might have already guessed we fell in love when we started boating together , shaun had been caught by suzanna once before , and that had shaken him up more than being outed , so he was paranoid about anyone seeing us , i d had a few experiences at university so i was nt too hard to catch and we started to just have a nice time , then we started day dreaming about what if , you know what if we could run away and live together , what if we won the lottery etc . , then things just sort of fell into place .
never one to be shy , frederick marched up to selous and said , mr selous , i would like to accompany you on your expedition and hope that you can find a place for a hardworking and fearless individual amongst your company .
taras knowledge put me in my place again .
i 'll take him out ' n put ya in his place .
# 41 annie the blade & the power hours passed the fire reappeared and again he sat in his place , and i waited for him to speak .
` ` it looks out of place here in the garden . ''
the defender enters the portal just as the hero takes his place in the chamber and when the portal lights up , he grabs the spike on the floor .
knowing in her mind that nothing had ever been resolved regarding the events that took place in toni 's mother 's house the last time they were together , and that bothered her , for in her mind she realized that at any time an ' event ' could happen placing her in some strange and perhaps dangerous situation .
this is not your place !
your place is in a castle with a man of noble blood , not running around the forest with me and oraden .
the destiny you have sought is now upon you : i leave you in my place .
do nt challenge me , elmer , homer threatened , i ve a mind to put you in yer place as it is !
sebastian understood his best friend and thinking it over again and again , sebastian was sure , he would n't switch places .
all things considered , gerry was in a good place mentally , but he did not look forward to telling the same story over and over again on the phone .
i believe arrangements for the sports minister to attend are in place . ''
i think a sex rumor with you did miracles for my rep , and helped me put evan in his place .
we are expecting an attack at any time , so please order your men to take their places as soon as possible .
` ` my brother ecthor has secretly resented my place as heir to the black kingdom .
they did it as a jest , a way to humiliate me and put me in my place , but the joke was on them .
samuel must have sensed i was out of place .
if you can put together this cover story as well as those short articles you ve been doing , i think we may just have a place for you on the staff .
no doubt she could put this creep in his place .
the man downstairs had no knowledge of the entire story , but even now , even after ethans attempt to put him in his place , he was probably imagining her stripped and submitting to ethan .
the easiest way to bring that wish to life was to press charges and place ethan behind bars with the men who had truly hurt her .
a son in the place thursday evening , late , the city jail on dell street .
well , i must warn you it is not much better in my place .
it was an obvious relief for the man to put such a perpetrator in his place .
you earned your place with us after such quick thinking , he said .
this is not your place , old man , a voice within told him , but ira would not listen .
just the thought of what had taken place in the shadows of the wolf 's depraved mind made jack 's stomach lurch , disgust and anger rocking him with implacable force and he sat down hard on the bunk , only able to steady himself by thinking of tom .
she is a bit picky who she allows into the business and if you can win her over you ll find your place here quickly .
she was the only person his age at the reading table and shed firmly but politely put that annoying little man in his place .
tinker moved over to the pilots seat and spook filled her now vacant co - pilots place .
then the losers and/or people who did nt really cares place back in defence .
i took my place in defence and waited for the ball to come to me .
ship did nt appreciate being put in his place in front of the two boys and you could see it .
then , when he attempts to live with him on an equal level , the fat cat calls these guerillas to put him in his place . ''
she considers it a moment , then tells me , its not our place to continue the fight with you , pinty .
` ` no , just put me in my place . ''
peter would have given anything to be in his place , to have a man like aspen on his side .
if i were in your place yeah , well ya ai nt , gideon interrupted tersely .
what would you do in their place ?
come to my place , the woman liked that man who was simple and complex at the same time , and she was drawn by controversies .
anyone in your place will be sitting at my feet .
that s his place there ?
they were grossly out of place in this wild eden to which i had escaped , and for which i had risked it all .
in their presence , chaikos youth felt wildly out of place with a baby in his arms , in front of all these grandfathers who even had grandchildren older than yael .
jon tried to control his breathing , but adrenaline pumped through his body without his consent as he contemplated his place there .
i told him that knowing i had these wonderful choices my place was here with the business .
if we have to move i want them in place to cover the retreat .
his friend will die in his place , shax said to the roomful of children , as if reading a macabre bedtime story .
` ` here , here , '' alex grinned , ` ` put him in his place . ''
so instead of try to figure out a way to end her place in this book gracefully she stepped on the banana and slipped , falling backwards and impaling herself on a shard of glass as her beautiful but lifeless body tumbled down to the ground to lay on top of adams .
the phone call is the cue that everyone is in place .
so it was with this ` ` friend ; '' it put me in the place , and mood and temperament for reckless adventure , but had nothing to offeror to soothe me consciencewhen i fell into it all , face first !
jeremy did nt quite fall into those categories , as his motivation was being sick of his place in the world , the son of the owner of a clothing store .
yeah , but the good guys always put them in their place eventually .
many of you were once in their place , and many of you will soon be in their place , to choose the one person you love most to be with you for the rest of your lives !
many of you were once in their place , and many of you will soon be in their place , to choose the one person you love most to be with you for the rest of your lives !
i only wanted to belong because i felt out of place here , even before i knew the truth , and now that i have the truth of why i do nt belong here , it sickens me , basha said .
there was no good place in saraid 's court for one such as him , and so she eventually returned simon back to the verden .
` ` you mean if i were in your place , what would i get for my big strappin ' fella ? ''
with a serene voice , oriana said , ` ` i have no place to intrude on two willing combatants , warrior .
` ` while you 're here , '' he said earnestly , ` ` it 's your place , too .
if i were in your place , mister brody lynch , american outsider , i 'd take the thanks and that unexpected hug and count your blessings . ''
no sounds were out of place and no foreign aromas were in the air .
serena approaches murphy , taking her place by his side , and raising her trident in the air .
you have a place here .
you have a place with me . ''
i do nt tolerate any rough stuff in my place , she declared .
the men seemed to think it an opportunity to put the uppity girl in her place .
further , ipid has promised you every chance : time to adjust to your new life , a place in one of the worlds most prestigious universities , a friend to help you along the way .
dasen tried to put himself in his fathers place but could nt .
she can take brigits place in lokisheim .
he suspected treachery against his father , and it was nt jasons place to argue with him .
lately , it seemed as though vilda was trying to take her mothers place by comforting lucia .
how would you feel in my place ?
howie wanted to join him , but he knew that jake would be trying to figure out his place here .
he is an attractive boy and lots of girls would love to be in my place with him .
ordinarily , we would n't involve ourselves in your world , but what velinar did places some responsibility on me .
he would again take his place in a cage and the general return to the castle .
i pictured to myself the state of mind of colonel alonzo jefferson smith if , in my place , he had glanced over the notebook and read what i had read .
i m no different from my fellows , except that i m actively tryin to put in their place all the wasters and scum and degenerates this countrys plagued wiv .
and what was worse , she refused to remarry and set a man in her place .
ian dashed off to see to his chores while the man glared at kipril , and you would do well to keep the boy in his place .
it is nt until much later that myrel realizes her boldness places her mother in danger , if word of her existence reaches king reds ears .
actually , i did n't feel the school was the right place for me , so i decided to withdraw , joseph said .
it takes place in a castle and they wear full armor and have horses and so on , lucinda said .
she was happy that he had found his place in europe , instead of back home , but she could not entirely predict what view her father might take of it .
such a burden to place on him already !
nomlady , my place is with you i will not hear of it !
everything that had taken place in the council chamber had left him confused and very uneasy .
your friend has gone to a great deal of effort to secure your place here .
take your mother and father to the king of moab , for god has made a place for them there .
i tell you , plainly , that your place here is secured and your participation in this kingdom , will , without question , be a very valued one . ''
` ` this is the book of ' the watching , ' and tells much of what shall take place in the times to come .
with you and ahithophel both coming to my side i believe , with deep conviction , that the lord god has decreed my place on the throne .
for in all of these things he shall foreshadow great events which shall take place in the latter days when the order of all things has been changed forever . ` `
chirpy student council bitch who thought she was better than me had to be put in her place , she said and began counting the similarities with her fingers .
try as she may , the words she longed for , ones that would put him in his place , would not come .
his foolish cousin henry had eventually agreed to his plan , and now , by dint of a little devilish transmutation , he would already be in place deep in the bowels of the ragged ridge mountains .
in another life , riyad said , with a musing smile on his lips , i was in your place .
by the end , i was convinced i would ve gone mad had it been me in his place .
part of me was angry that he had nt stepped in , but in his place i do nt think i could have done it either .
your place is here and you ca n't leave . ''
` ` i mean , i know it 's not my place but , i ...
everyone had suppositions regarding what took place inside the confines of the desert , but no one could be certain .
i said a silent prayer of thanks for the reprieve , because no doubt , he had been about to come put me in my place again , physically .
some were definitely in favor of my dad taking his place in the pack that should have been his when his father passed on .
the triplets might have proved troublesome if peace had not offered them a place here .
the last titbit that slotted into place was thisdamn , the media do nt waste any time .
fine in their place , and fucking useless out of it .
he did not get many pretty young women in his place .
my bright orange and blue were definitely out of place .
awena was tempted to put him in his place , but instead pursued diplomatic resolutions .
if i were in your place , and in the .
i 'd just be glad fer the counsel , if i be in yer place .
you put jack firmly in his place .
you came to my rescue pretty quickly out there , that was definitely out of place for a beautiful young lady .
the students waited quietly , most of them noticing how slightly out of place mr . chandrasekhar looked .
she tried to put herself in adams place .
with any operations he had ever conducted in a gang - ruled area , there were street soldiers in place both as security for the working gangers and as visible muscle to deter an incursion by the gangs opponents .
do we accept him in his fathers place ?
its not your place to hunt them out .
that s put you in your place , maker !
i knew you d never want me in his place ... not even if he died .
committing solely to one individual is a noble intention , but impractical under the circumstances that are in place here .
korstens heart had been stolen by a demon and while ashwin respected that cursed love and otherwise stated his own feelings and intentions openly and honestly to korsten , merran had used deceit to secure a place for himself in korstens bed .
hell has been preparing a place for me for years , father .
sure beats my place back in boston by a long shot , i said and alura laughed .
because you just punked that mutt chavo and put him in his place .
i know that things in your day could pop up in your dreams again , but why on earth would i put the demon in the werewolfs place ?
i have definitely been put in my place , my lady .
she had been a member of the oso for just over a year and had cemented her place due to her technical dexterity and superb musical interpretation .
she had been typically courageous and had put in him in his place , following his lewd suggestions towards her and her friends .
dijun 's creatures had perfected that art of reproaching me in my husband 's place , without words .
i anticipate her to be feeling extremely out of place to be spending the day with a bunch of juvenile guys .
i am stuck in my place more out of shock than anything else .
the more pressing reason for doso 's place here , however , had to do with metaneira 's need to care for both iambe and demophon .
` ` in the first place , no , this is not your place .
i refuse your demands , now either leave the platform and go in peace , or take your place with the condemned and allow me to relieve you of your heads .
anyone else would have been if they were in my place .
he took his place behind me as the stranger from the conference room entered .
so he plotted the end of the revenant army in the back of his mind , hoping to also kill gha'haram and take his place as kaelan 's most trusted general .
after everything had snapped into place , a human stood before the teenager and woman .
those words he would use to put her in her place .
` ` would you make a place for us in your garden in the fifth world ? ''
that night i slept poorly , because i understood so clearly my place in the hut of my father and the position my brother would always have there .
` ` this is not your place , '' she said .
my uncle understood our place in the village with great wisdom , let him find someone who could bend this way and that in the cab coh winds .
i need you to come to my office so we can discuss your place on the island he said .
i m not going to let you do this , said saffi , furious , disgusted , and horrified by what was about to take place in the middle of the circle they d been forced to create .
i shouted tauntingly as birdy took his place at my side .
your mothers place is here in the home .
the rest of us smiled , happy to see donny being put in his place .
there had to be someone in thyrion who would be sad to hear that brand and asha cormorin were dead , who would take her in and let her earn a place with them .
that puts us in a pretty good place if this cataclysm brings in a waror an age of wars .
it seems your dear friend is caught in a tight place .
it 's not my place , highness .
be , even as you have been made , and the master will slide you into your place with great ease .
the boys eyes held no such amusement , only the cold burning desire to put aneeku in his place .
this plan would mean he d have to reveal more than he wanted to , but securing for himself a place by ooss side was important .
with his knowledge of the ulnath and the other world villains it seemed likely plenty of fighting was going to take place in the near future .
at such arrogance ryder growled , he could nt care less about what happened to the protectors or rhaldan , but it was time someone put aneeku in his place .
more and more jenner was starting to feel completely out of place as juruz corrected his handling of the weapon .
his stepfathers open willingness to let him abandon leifsbudir and embrace his micmac side took fastillion aback , what of my place here by your side ?
the daughters of good men will cast off all prudence to have a place in your bed with no concern for marriage or fear of unwanted children .
there s a fight coming ; i understand that , but why ca nt you take your place among the other warriors and not try and do this your own way ?
i needed to make a place for myself in the capital so i could further the familys interests here .
well , i think i had better put you in your place , then .
she put me in my place .
if she were in his place , she realized she probably would nt do anything to stop them either .
that was what he would do in their place .
the feeling of menace here was stronger than ever , and standing before them amongst the flowers , looking somewhat out of place in the meadow , were twelve warriors , swords drawn and ready to do battle .
if your scales are that thin go back and take my place at the overlook while talon and i have some fun , ironclaw suggested .
the boy gaped , never having had anyone treat him thus , even his fathers tyrannical lords , though he had never dared even speak to such terrifying men , but to be put in his place by this peasant who could be little older than himself , came as quite a shock , but the more reasonable side of his personality won out , rebuking the feelings of wounded pride that threatened to burst forth in fury .
caire glanced down at his burden , suddenly nervous in the presence of this threatening individual who did not seem to know his place , said he quietly , i am afraid you wo nt be allowed to look at them .
if my dad believes the rhineharts are attempting to steal his daughter , he could easily decide to put them in their place and retaliate .
they came running over to lend their friend a helping hand and put me in my place .
in their place , i d have realised it practically immediately .
why does nt this place the population at the mercy of competitive forces ?
but i think you tend to use yourself as a model , when you try to understand other people ; i mean , in trying to understand them , you ask yourself , what would i be thinking and doing , in their place ?
but its my place , insisted arkiss .
its my place , and i say he leaves !
in her place , i , too , would be desperately trying to hoard food .
she seems like an intelligent enough of a woman , and if i was in her place , i would suspect myself of foul play .
` ` you mean , barinthus , that you 're afraid she will try to harm me , and i will put her in her place . ''
` ` because it 's exactly what i would be thinking in your place . ''
i 'd expected doyle to take his place at my back as well , but it was rhys who stood at my other shoulder .
they can not have my place . ''
` ` i will go , if you wish , but i think my place is here guarding the princess , '' adair said .
he wanted to put you in your place . ''
he felt completely out of place and would have been more comfortable with a broom handle up his ass .
` ` there was only one guy in the whole bible jesus ever personally promised a place with him in paradise .
` ` if i was in your place , i 'd say he had every right to spill my blood , '' lorcan answers stiffly .
tell me you 'd have made any different decision if you 'd been in my place , with you trying to haul us in to face a tribunal and men pointing cannons at someone you care about . ''
once she does , we 'll send her in your place and get you ... some help . ''
arnos had named the ` ` free alerans '' traitors - but crows , marcus was n't sure that he would not have done precisely the same thing had he been in their place .
` ` you 'll always have a place here with me and chuch . ''
` ` maybe i 'd do the same thing in your place , if i were younger and had somebody to help . ''
i could feel her layered beneath me as i stood in her place , gazing at those dark trees .
` ` if the worst comes to pass , if you ascend as the demon queen , i 'll figure out some way to keep you happy , because there 's no way in hell i ' m letting anybody else take my place as your consort . ''
` ` in your place , they would not bleed for you . ''
i feel out of place , afraid i 'll say something to give myself away .
` ` if i was in your place , i 'd have set him straight long ago .
` ` we are leaving , '' the old creature agreed , ` ` but we have left you in our place .
shark steps away and i take his place .
no doubt in jazz 's mind that he was thinking he 'd backhand her and put her in her place , then get on with the serious beat - down of his only real opponent - the man .
we 're both out of place here , lucia thought , even though she seemed to fit seamlessly into the crowd .
i know he wanted to say something so badly , to put me in my place , but he was really exercising his own discretion .
but damned if i would n't be there for her like she deserved , especially after jacob put me in my place .
he felt out of place here , but ruby had insisted .
' i would n't go and die and leave my place in this state . '
' we ' ve won our place here ! '
because she 'd lasted this long without having a full - on panic attack , and that was much longer than he would have lasted if he 'd been in her place .
` ` my point , lady , is that it is time to take your rightful place beside my son . ''
told me it was time to take my place beside you . ''
they 'll hear you come , '' he taunted , ` ` and they 'll wish they were the ones in my place . ''
` ` everything is moving into place .
my place is by your side . ''
since taking their place beside the northlanders to fight the irons , the clan females had been known to f**k whom they liked , when they liked .
i leave you alone for five minutes and a guys already tried to step into my place .
were at the forefront , but as much as the possible answers to these paralyzed me , i would nt let cora and abigail suffer in my place .
in his place , she would feel utterly stabbed in the heart .
but this was n't about him , and shock had put him in his place .
in her place , i would have done the same . ''
i have to put this bitch in her place now . ''
` ` nonsense ; those rascals at the victualing board are a pack of unhanged scoundrels , and i am happy to put them in their place ; good day to you .
laurence had not dwelt long on this pragmatic ruthlessness before the event ; but now he put himself in riley 's place , and felt that riley at once deserved all the difficulties of the situation , and the opportunity of rising to meet them .
i do n't suppose you have any likely boys in mind for their places ? ''
olivia had certainly put bram in his place .
in his place , i 'd be an unhappy bastard , too .
i did n't know what to look for , where the threats were , what was out of place .
` ` i am certain raguel expected you to keep the news quiet , because doing so places your brother in jeopardy . ''
both of their worries were not out of place .
the sudden display of affection was touching and terribly out of place .
no excuses , but i was in a terrible place when it happened .
but , as he 'd stood among the chilly stones , a horrible apprehension had stolen over him that almost all the answers were in place now , if only he could work out the questions .
we are out of place in this world your race has built .
and he wanted david 's place as the hub at the center of the djinn universe .
it had been a perfectly fine rationalization , but his place was at the head of the supply column .
how would he disrupt the plan in motion , were he in her place ?
` ` unless , '' doroga said , ` ` i invoke the right of my heir to stand in my place in any trial before the one . ''
` ` were you in my place , you would break my head open . ''
he 'd been raised in foster homes , and he was determined to make a place for himself with the rich people .
i know i am not the man you wished in this place , nor can i argue with the reasoning that would prefer an experienced aviator in so critical a role .
he was conscious of having proven himself and having helped temeraire to do the same , and of the deep satisfaction of having found a true and worthy place , for the both of them .
and you lot are to stay away from him from now on , '' he told the cadets as he climbed up in their place , nearly shouldering hollin aside .
most of our prepping will take place at the mayor 's house , since we 're back to being covered in furs for outdoor appearances .
` ` they ca n't seem to find a place for me in the capitol either , '' he says .
and now the great ships were coming ahead of schedule ; each half - living ship heavy , they all assumed , with new equipment and people from other colonies hoping to make a place for themselves here on s ? o paulo .
ramon walked , trying to remain silent , and wondered what risks he would have taken in the other man 's place .
so he 's trying to put us in the same place as the chupacabra , and hope that it kills us before it kills him .
` ` i [ ` ` if he comes back and finds us in his place , what will we do ? '' ]
that we should wish to cast him down and have no one in his place is not a thought that occurs to his mind .
' and our place under the warm bank in captain faramir 's country , the day i saw an oliphaunt ? '
but it is evidently high time that the family dealt with him and put him in his place . '
the pc behind her pinged , the chirpy ' you ' ve got mail ' sound invading the silence of the room , totally out of place with the centuries - old artefacts on the table next to it .
the whole dance , or drama , or pattern of this three - personal life is to be played out in each one of us : or ( putting it the other way round ) each one of us has got to enter that pattern , take his place in that dance .
it was n't that she felt completely secure in her place with kelsier 's crew- indeed , in a way , her place with these people was making her even more apprehensive .
it was n't that she felt completely secure in her place with kelsier 's crew- indeed , in a way , her place with these people was making her even more apprehensive .
i should have died in mare 's place years ago .
` ` kill him and take his place as crewleader . ''
` ` that is not my place .
i do n't want another man to take my place .
i simply gave you knowledge of what men in your place did in the past . ''
` ` will you not reconsider your place with us , master keeper ? ''
you say that he 'll return to topple me from my place , so you ca n't kill me , lest you interfere with your god 's plans . ''
it is not her place . ''
weston did not clearly understand what the voice said - indeed , he was still too busy trying to find out where it came from - but terror smote him as he found himself wrapped in the strong arms of the surrounding hrossa and forced away from his place .
` ` look at me , '' he had to make certain she knew who was deep inside her , that she could not imagine lucan or anyone else in his place .
certainly , you want to put me in my place . ''
he takes his place beside another new council member , tynan o'shea , who replaces his late grandfather , clifden .
` ` i have n't come to take your place , you know , but to put you into it . ''
he would not fail sydney by letting her place herself in mortal danger .
` ` is there some male in particular you 'd offer in siun 's place ? ''
` ` because if i were in her place , i would want someone to do it for me . ''
if things fell into place with dorian , i 'd be attending an otherworldly party on beltane rather than waiting for an attack back here .
but also amusing - were you in my place .
as i had feared , our posh dancing clothing looked hopelessly out of place among the rough and tumble ware of the college - aged , but it no longer seemed the big deal it had when roman picked me up .
on the books , maddie was still sharing a place with doug , but we all knew what the reality was .
` ` so ... so it was said in a way that was sort of ... putting me in my place .
staying here places olivia in greater danger . ''
70 , 140 ) , and , most notably , in the fall of condolin ( p. 154 ) , where when tuor 's sojourn in that land is described there is mention of events that would take place there in the future : did not even after the days of tuor noldorin and his eldar come there seeking for dor lomin and the hidden river and the caverns of the gnomes ' imprisonment ; yet thus nigh to their quest 's end were like to abandon it ?
` ` and i never have much liked women in my place , as they tend to fuss or leave things behind , or bring little bits over , look to change the order of things . ''
` ` my place is here . ''
` ` remember , she wanted cassie 's place in the circle so she could use our circle 's power for her own agenda .
he 'd probably assume it was confined to a specific period - hell , i 'd have assumed that , in his place .
in ordinary course it would have been at least another year and more likely two or three before he could hope to become a second lieutenant in his own right , but with poor evans sent home , he had stepped into his place as acting - second , and plainly hoped to keep the position .
` ` only sing out , and someone will come to take your place in line . ''
what would you do yourself , fox , with all your cleverness , if you were in my place ? ''
` ` crawlers , we have grave matters to place before you .
merise was appropriately firm with her warders , though she did snap at anyone else who tried to keep them in their places .
it would have been horribly out of place in any other room in the tower , but it fit within these quarters , where each item was different , none of them related yet somehow all connected with the common theme of gifts received during travels .
` ` i have left behind the spears , and i welcome my place among you .
she needed to be removed from her place ; everyone could see that .
go in my place , naeff , for now .
he had thought that she was beginning to enjoy , or at least suffer , their place together .
a couple of staffers were in the hall , chitchatting ; they watched me with the kind of bemused expressions people get when they 're imagining themselves in your place and thinking , there but for the grace of god ...
i ' ve got a place for you at my side . ''
i take my place among the hybrids , those who continue , those who see the spiritual world and the brutal world in a unique way , those who look to both as a source of truth . ''
reuben tried to put himself in jim 's place .
and that you 'd let justin come back in your place ? ''
who is to say this is not a ploy to win me , to be my queen in hagne 's place ? ''
i think everyone is a jerk and everyone needs to be put in their place .
` ` i did n't get you a place on this team so you could betray your entire unit , prospero . ''
` ` because i ' m running in owens 's place for mayor . ''
i let out a short laugh as more pieces fell into place .
i knew the action was done with the right intentions , but it really put me in a bad place .
it 'd probably take place in hell itself too .
i had n't stuck around because i had a feeling noelle was simply going to be swapped into their place for the evening 's entertainment .
oh kathryn , marcus thought , what i would nt give to be in your place .
i ' m here to put you in your place .
a womans place is in the home , most assuredly .
the people here know me and mine and our place here for generations .
deciding beforehand to simply take his place alongside the other examining doctors and say nothing , he nodded to the ss staff to begin what had now come to be called the slaughtering line , a name given to the naked patients waiting much like steers lined up in a stockyard in preparation for their sudden and violent death .
with everyone in their place , juste opens the cottage door .
i absolutely love putting you in your place !
though , if i remember correctly , you put me in my place as an ignorant colonial the first day we met .
but when kynthia died in your place at brauron , you were , as you say , allotted a second fate .
i did my best to remonstrate with him , but i fear susanna had scarcely time to feel that in her fathers place she would have felt impelled to commit as many sins as she could in as rapid succession as might be , before her uncle was cut off by his wife .
handsome young men are all very well in their place , but i assure you i m very far from requiring their presence as a motive for staying in one placeand really , uncle , she added , more serious now , i m very happy to have come here .
i do nt blame the poor families one bit for not letting her into their housesid feel just the same , in their place .
were i in your place , i would never even toy with the idea of refusing her hand , honor or no honor .
she suggested that william felt put out of place by buckingham , that he was consumed with jealousy .
` ` we 're both out of place here now . ''
` ` you and betsy have a place here with us from now on . ''
you put some real jerks in their place .
he glanced at one of his squires , ralph , to step forward and loom in his place .
if you wish to keep your place on my estate , he roared , you will provide me with one slave of your choosing from your family .
a proper saxon woman might secure your place here .
if she were in his place , harriet did nt know how she would feel , or what she would be willing to accept .
you could never change so much that there would nt be a place for you here at pemberley .
she noticed how peter had n't introduced them to her by their christian names and she felt very much put in her place .
ma bichette was beginning to get a bit flustered , no doubt torn between wanting to keep her asinine story straight and wanting to push her subordinate back into his place .
interrupted him yehoyada , rising on his place , i want to protest .
not rape and humiliation , that would take soon place after a ride of five minutes in the narrow path through which they had arrived , they were suddenly stopped by three manfooters priests .
because he was nobility , it was the king who sabotaged him as a way to keep his nobles in their place .
` ` from the way you talk about your new stepmother she must be quite the character and if i were in your place i 'd feel the same way . ''
he also noticed that she had a voice as soft and smooth as butter when she spoke , towzer , get in your place .
towzer d had learned get in your place but she had a little trouble with stay .
are you going to prepare a place for me in heaven , dan asked , but they did nt hear him .
no.i must take my place next to parliament , where my allegiance lies .
i know you do n't fully understand the importance of keeping everyone in their place , hannah , having lived your entire life in an attic among a total of two people .
` ` if the clan rises , then my place is at its head , not sitting at home like an old woman .
his place is here in the line , under my command .
i was in your place only a few years ago .
i feel blessed to have a strong young son to stand in my place while i am away .
araki took his place in the passenger seat whilst the third accomplice set the car in motion .
ben was used to being addressed by just his surname , but for an instant he felt as if that was bartholomew 's way of putting a working - class boy in his place , but then he realised that he had barely said a word to the man , not enough to belie his origins , and this this was obviously the way that these men addressed one another .
however , i was thinking more of your place beside me in my home and in london .
no , he was nt standing in his friends place , but yes , he was certain he would do no less in the same circumstance .
the decisions that i made to bring you to your place , to your position are mine alone , yet they favor your life above those around you , at no expense nor effort of your own .
slowly , like an experienced investigator finally figuring out the crime , tatum started putting pieces into place .
john said , no , your place is here with your sister .
sergeant mcleod took his place in the formation and carrie moved alongside .
you saved my daughter 's life once so i wo n't let my men do nothin ' to you , but i do n't want you on my place . ''
they rested in shifts of two hours off and two hours on , curling up along the walls so they would be immediately in place if a fight began .
i d be more concerned about their reaction than mine , if i was in your place .
together they would enjoy his sun - warmed place on the front porch , rocking the afternoon away in the man 's favorite rocking chair .
but of course , as i now saw with complete clarity , our place in the middle left us vulnerable at both ends .
still , there was one part slightly out of place , one last thing he needed for everything to be just right .
it is , she said , and i was hoping that you could maybe get someone to take your place in the band for at least some part of the night so that i can start teaching you to dance .
i suppose that s what i d do in their place , murder the owners .
there is nt any way i can put myself in your place and understand just what its like being a slave .
despite her louche opening , ramtha was surprisingly easy company once they got into conversation ; she 'd had her fun with him , and having put him neatly in his place could afford to relax , like a cat with its paw placed on the mouse that it had finished playing with , but was n't letting go .
there 's no place for him anywhere else . ''
` ` terrible , '' he said , with a feeling of having been , ever so slightly , put in his place .
no , ma'am , as long as he stays in his place and acts the gentleman , they 'll get along just fine . ''
after my husband died , i was dependent on his family for support , passed round from branch to branch until i finally found a more permanent place with one of my husband 's aunts .
if i essayed to rule this nation by force of arms , god would remove me out of my place .
if i were in his place i would be quite resentful , at the very least .
ill place you wherever you want to go .
i think the only thing to do is what indigo would do in my place .
only two things were out of place .
what anybody in our place you re not in trouble , lily , the woman said .
do nt be so damned cloak and dagger , blake would say , putting warren in his place and bringing a subtle smile to jons face .
your friend and mine , ms . peta hawkins , from under the shadow of your beautiful cathedral at exeter , which is far from london , buys for me through your good self my place at london .
you will tell her , because i would , if i were in your place , certainly tell artemis .
he recalled his sister telling him how comforting it had been to have her first class take place in the same room where attendance was taken , how she always felt exhausted that early in the morning and liked not having to move after the bell for first period .
monday nights were always jogging nights , and on that particular night i was in my place , ready to act .
like thousands of times before , he put me in my place .
one day i would get to put him in his place and it would feel good .
behind his hazel eyes he could envision how the routine would play out , and how his emotions were going to morph into place as the plan would progress .
they loved and sympathized with one another ; and their joys , depending on each other , were not interrupted by the casualties that took place around them .
that guy is totally making himself at home in my place .
i m just going to follow these as far as the place were going .
put ourselves in the place ofthem .
this dream had taken place in the local mall , a place he had only been to once and had nt been that impressed with .
she was giggling while she said it ; i could n't see anything but i could definitely hear it , the kind of chuckle the cool girls in high school use on pretty much every other girl to keep them in their place .
` ` i ' m ready , '' she said , finding that her nerves had settled now that she knew her place .
you / they were now living such an extreme situation and at the same time so deprived of connections with the rational world that whoever , to their place , you / he / she would strongly have seen his / her own compromised mental health .
his / her mothers uselessly offered him to their place , sustaining to be more experienced to tidy up a house of their daughters , but the answer came shoal and unchangeable : ` ` i sharpen , is now that learns also them the work of woman ! ''
i swear , what we really need is somebody to put you in your place !
a day or two of the cold room would ve put you in your place , and that s all i wanted to do , to show you who s boss .
however , i admit : you / he / she has been in that occasion , without i / you could exactly know thing it meant , that had the intuition of our place in the animal kingdom .
i d read the book and found it absolutely spellbinding from the undisputed facts of the familial shotgun murders which took place inside the tri - level dutch - style home at 112 ocean avenue in amityville , new york , to the supernatural and nearly fatal haunting of the lutz family , who moved into the house a year later .
starring his wife at the time , adrienne barbeau , and jamie lee curtis , janet leigh and hal holbrook , the fog takes place in the fictional town of antonio bay , a quaint , small seaside community which is celebrating its 100th anniversary .
taking out her notebook , she sat in one of the chairs in the back row and tried to mentally put herself in the place of the woman sitting in the front row in front of her .
the fucking army or air force might blast bayonne to tiny pebbles any second now , at least that 's what i 'd do if i were in their place .
she nodded and said , its not healthy being in his place .
the one thing he did remember was coleman telling him he would spare his life if he took his place in the real world and continued his legacy .
in any event , my place is at your side . ''
this might have depressed anyone else in his place , to know that so many years of dedication had produced so little result .
it is his place and no one else .
this is my place , not his .
his blood was boiling , wanted to slug this cop hard , put him in his place , as a sense of protectiveness rolled over him , threatening to unleash the beast inside .
there was a monster in my place .
` ` i mean , truly jack , put yourself in my place .
and once she s in place and my family is no longer so fixated on finding me a mate , well be free to be together .
it 's just not a woman 's place even if the ` ` new twentieth century woman '' could participate in such things .
` ` back when i was in your place . ''
i wanted very much to step in then , but it is certainly not my place .
yes , today would be the day that angelo marchetti got put in his place once and for all , and the only way patrick could do that was to make the little bastard bleed buckets .
he felt naked , vulnerable and eerily out of place .
it insinuated that s why angelo felt so weird , awkward , so hopelessly out of place .
but then it was more than that , as if the big lug were imagining himself in angelos place , living vicariously through his protg like a loving parent who genuinely aspired greater things for their beloved child .
then , the memory of sex and razor blades ripped through her mind as she sat in her car alone thinking and feeling guilty of what took place at the abandoned farmhouse down the road just two hours ago .
he felt strong like he was putting this little slut in her place .
see , she was in a scary place ; a very scary place .
susan was well aware of the bloodshed that took place in the garage and the unreal like way in which her daughter had died , but yet she could nt bare the idea of destroying the garage .
i will not hesitate to put someone in their place if the need be .
he knew they wanted to be in his place - like that new guy today .
she turned her head reflexively in the direction of the pain and saw a giant lobster clipping her arm and pulling it off like she were in his place on a dinner plate .
he told me every ward had a ham radio and one or two radio operators , so it was nt absolutely necessary to have additional communication options , but it would nt hurt , and i could have a place in his ward .
it did nt take much to convince them to come to my place .
it was just the perfect spot to set a friend in place .
judge hess stated that what took place in st . viktersburg would nt necessarily spill over into new holland .
i know that probably sounds a little harsh from your place on the sidelines , but hell to me , it ai nt really much .
you do nt know what its like to be my age and in my place !
you did nt have a place here .
whatever stand i was going to make , it would have to take place on their terms ... the odds seemed to be stacked heavily against overcoming their will .
i hope you feel like you re finding your place here with us .
ash knew that s probably when he would have done the same , if he was in her place .
before she could rebound , he slid into her place .
' what would you do , in my place ? '
it went with its head down and its rump switching from side to side , and although it never spared pete so much as a look , pete 's illusions about his place here in the big north woods were for the first time entirely stripped away .
i ' m sure i ' m stepping way out of my place , but i do n't care .
` ` she deserves a place at el palacio , with the rest of elizabeth 's things . ''
roger knows that he is a spot starter c that mike pelkey would be out here in his place if pelkey were n't currently shaking hands with goofy down in disney world c but he manages his first - inning jitters as well as one could expect , maybe a little better .
is that really what your queen wanted , or did she just want you to put me in my place ? ''
take your place , dervish grady , and face your finish . ''
put me in my place . ''
he sees me as trying to step into his mother 's place too soon , and- '' ` ` oh , jeer , '' alan said .
we were the outsiders , and i needed to ensure my and zoe 's place here .
` ` technically , it 's my place . ''
i lie in this hospital bed and play mycroft holmes , trying to outguess him by putting myself in his place .
i could n't decide if i felt ambushed or would have done the same thing in their place .
wish there was a place for him in ` ` the play . ` `
but standing here , in mr . hallorann 's place , it seemed almost possible .
you had to put yourself in her place , that was the thing .
` ` and they 'd made it pretty clear whose place you were going to take . ''
trashcan man had no intention of going up into the mountains and around all those hairpin turns with this crazy dwarf who drank all day ( and apparently all night ) and who talked about overthrowing the dark man and putting himself in his place .
we have to settle mother abagail 's place in the community right away , be cause our problem is not just one of ' getting on our feet again . '
this was his place , his time , and he would take his stand here .
` ` put yourself in my place . ''
he 's in my place in your life , do n't you understand that ? ''
what would i have done in her place ?
i just need a little more time and things will soon fall into place .
death , violence , poverty , sickness , greed , and prejudice is what the man was left with after you put him in his place for insulting your intelligence .
i realized while i ve been sitting here alone i did it just to be mean and spiteful and to put you in your place .
matters regarding the operation of the diner fell into place quickly following the introduction of a few business 101 fundamentals , along with a little common sense .
i forgot to congratulate you on having the nerve to stand up to big bob and put him in his place .
first , the chances of so many things falling into place to allow even a chance for their jobs to be saved were at best microscopically thin .
maybe they would nt try to physically harm me , but they sure as hell were going to put this sinner in his place .
virgil once you have advised me that al spider and the gang are in place could you discreetly vacate the area and return to the hangar .
this put willy in his place : shockville , u.s.a . huh ?
it was all falling into place , and my psychic dream hunches were turning out to be spot on .
sparky remained calmly in his place .
you ve got a place in chicago , said yadira .
compared to my ratty apartment , stepping into moos place was like stepping into an interior decorator magazine .
and they had an understanding : when he gave her advice and told her what he would have done if he d been in her place , she would n't point out the obvious it could only have been a wrong number if someone like andy wu had phoned a loser like him .
so you know your place , then ca nt ask the big boss any tough questions !
sid had taken his place at the centre of what could aptly be described as a contraption .
so long as we know our place , so long as we do nothing to hinder smoking mirrors plans , we will survive .
you would be out of place there , anyway . ''
he felt put in his place .
vicar , i .. would i refuse you refreshment were i in your place ?
ill place you naked on all fours in the sphinx position , and show you a few things that avalon may not have shown you that the old traditional massage ladies showed me at the temple in wat pho in thailand . ''
she felt out of place , unwanted by at least one of them , but the last thing she wanted was to go home .
then , she told me i should go to liberia by plane , where i would be paid , and that i should leave the ship in abu dhabi , that everything was in place over there , that someone else would recover the elony cargo . ''
dverbose seemed more relaxed now that he had put me in my place .
my place is here , i said .
so when he had realised that ambrose would not be taking his place in the hall of fame and fortune , he had decided to teach him a trade so that he would have something to add as an appendage to his surname .
he had pushed him and probed him over the last couple of years , but stein had come out as immaculate as ever , always in control , always in his place , his feathers forever unruffled .
i stepped farther into my place .
it 's better if his ego gets put in its place while he 's among friends -- at least some friends .
despite feeling completely out of place at cest bleu , laura had arrived early in an attempt to conquer her nerves with a stiff drink .
sadly , laura had a well prepared and very eloquent argument on the tip of her tongue that would put dave firmly in his place , but she knew she was saving it for a rainy day .
the air was crackling with humidity and edginess as i lit out for this off - the - digitized - map quarter of the souths erstwhile capital , like a younger , gayer , male miss daisy , if she was being driven to bonnaroo , and if it were taking place in an organic , sustainable , rooftop pumpkin patch .
i was determined to put shallow lucy in her place and let that little tart know who was boss .
just one more unpleasant aspect of this date in which i felt so incredibly out of place .
not our place .
i would have loved to have been in their place .
well do you understand she could run a brothel in your place and you 'd never know !
back in my place , completely dead , i removed my shoes then stopped when i heard a slight rustle .
if you d both taken your medicine the way you were supposed to , you d have been oblivious to everything and it would have all been put in place peaceably .
` ` even though at first i thought you were trying to take my place , i could n't help but like you .
he could n't really have been trying to picture himself in richard 's place ?
she 'd arranged for the rendezvous to take place toward the back of the store where no one could see from the windows , and she was glad she 'd done so .
he 's out of place here and kind of emotional .
it is also clearer , if we deal with the fundamental issue first , because then , all the rest just slots naturally into place .
its probably not my place but i want to know why your son chose not to be there for his son ?
dozens of psychological tests performed on humans have shown that what a human being would do in the lions place ( and what i am postulating that the lion would do ) -- as opposed to telling the truth such as i do nt know !
will was clearly being put in his place , and he knew where that place was .
i winked at corey to put him in his place .
lamar thought about putting this woman in her place .
` ` money wo n't buy you a place here , '' he said .
( the attorney pleas stupidity , rather than insanity ) 75 ( grudge 7 ) - halberdier , one ( and only one ) of the characters must be aware of the audience , must be written entirely as dialogue , the story must take place at the dairy queen .
nearby , suddenly , i saw that there was a guard on the wall , a real one after all , and yet this i could not flee , as the wall is very narrow and i could not pass ? i saw that the guard was out of his place .
another wonderful ` ` fantasy '' took place at several old neighborhoods and schools she used to inhabit and attend .
taking his place on stage at the seniors ' hall with the other community leaders watching the audience gum their way through the weekly blueberry pancakes special , he had a momentary twinge of pride .
the guy was as comfortable with his place on god 's green earth as tiger woods was at the top of his game .
` ` common people like this mahoney border thug need to know their place in the real world . ''
` ` you know i 'll put the little prick in his place . ''
she had better not be around when i do , because i hope to firmly put her in her place and confine her there whilst being that it is somewhere that is as far away from me as possible .
he stood firm in his place .
baltazar had directed them to enter into loogies because the last scene was to take place in a booth , where he needed troy to recite lines to two males sitting in that same booth .
as you mentioned the other day , i am pretty sure you are over eighteen and the social worker who oversees our operations is adamant that we need to move you because she has younger girls who need a place , and there are n't a lot of orphanages left these days .
if that 's what it takes , but i 'd prefer for it to take place here .
if in your club there s an unpleasant player , be sure he never leaves , you may take his place 1985 - the sons of wellness now the small group has a new gymnasium with 9 tables .
his place sure .
he was in an untenable place .
put yourself in the place of the palestinians or iraqis and see and feel the difference .
you should respect human life because one day you may happen to be in his place or maybe one day he will save your life .
putting myself in their place , i considered that the best variant would be to ask my class teacher to pass the clothes to them as if from some charitable organization .
the extra half - step distance spicer kept between himself and others , the flat affect in his voice and face , the stingy hand gestures , and the parsimonious words , which seemed to be doled out reluctantly as if each word cost him money , left genes boss looking uncomfortable and out of place when he was speaking with a client .
they re totally out of place in the modern world .
unless you ve been in my place , i do nt think you can understand what i m saying .
miles desperately sought peace over conflict wherever possible , but it was beginning to feel like it would nt be too long before he would have to work with the fbi in earnest in order to put some of the rabidly fanatical haters in their place , for the safety and good of everyone .
you know how i feel about voicemail , david , spat allan , wanting to make sure once more that david fully understood his place .
in a rare moment of maturity , i imagined my sister in roslyns place .
i wanted to bolt from the collapsing tunnel like indiana jones from the spike - riddled cave , but time was gaining momentum and mara was already back in her place , ryan was lost in a state of nirvana , and kimmy was on her knees deciding who to pick .
he was sitting in his place in los angeles , poolside .
ca n't imagine what i 'd say in their places .
her place was not an option .
` ` i just got unforgivably annoyed with the man , and wanted to put him in his place . ''
yes , but you meant his place , he answered .
he seemed at the moment to be out of place in paris .
it became obvious , fairly quickly , that we were out of place in daytona beach .
its a bad habit , but ill sometimes put myself in franks place for a moment and pretend to look at me staring off into space , thinking god knows what .
it was good of them to make a place for a guy like bucks in their group .
and i was nervous at first , but after they told me what miz grace was doing , i just put it in my head that i was in area place , at the playground , and everything just fell in place .
its your place , too .
instead , the heat came from an excitatory fear generated by what was taking place in the kitchen .
ca n't she die in her place ?
you feel safe here , knowing that you are in your place .
its not his place !
his work with the foxes this spring proved we can find a place for him on our staff .
it had been risky bringing him back to zilva , but something had told her that his place was there and the princess needed him .
mr . dawsley , that ever hopeful man , agreed to pay for a part of the event that was to take place in atlantia park .
athat 's better lad , like yer old dad says > keep yer chin up ' i ' ve yer ' ve got half the spirit of that man yer 'll have no problems but yer can forget about stilsons , that ginger - headed git 'll be straight in there in yer place .
the place were looking for , i call to the front seat , what s it called ?
its not my place any longer .
hermann had somewhere borrowed peasants clothes for colling to wear , and colling repeatedly went over in his mind what was to take place before the day ended .
sometimes i think that she does this just to put me in my place and test my obedience .
vincent 's eyes glowed for a moment before a guard seemed to click into place .
` ` look , elmer , '' tom interrupted , his emphasis and choice of given name clearly meant to put the freeloader in his place , ` ` i ' m tired of hearing you talk .
it was bolder talk than i had yet dared around wheatyardi was usually in a state of respectful and inexplicable awe of himbut for once the whole absurd situation justified putting him in his place .
i had to settle for putting him in his place whenever i could , during the few minutes he deigned to honor me with his presence .
not in my place , but in a womans place .
not in my place , but in a womans place .
domen indeed makes himself strong , and he has taken advantage of his place upon feallengod for now .
fourteen humanitys place in reality days passed in complete solitude .
she had all the pieces of the story in place and it seemed clear to her now that she was in fact dealing with the spirit of austin , but she could nt understand why his spirit was still at the lodge .
its not my place !
all of a sudden the bmw , at home in fairfax , looked out of place surrounded by pickup trucks and american - built suvs .
putting me in my place .
but , i would want to have people like you in my team so , i should know what is there in my place which makes good people leave us ... , the boss said haltingly focusing all the while on the cigarette which he rolled between his fingers .
it was the ultimate cruelty , especially when she considered what had taken place before it .
their home became a kind of clubhouse the dc glaser writer 's club it made her skin crawl sometimes the way they 'd looked at her putting her in a place in what they thought her place should be she was the wife just the wife unworthy of attention or notice a cog a servant david treated her that way and they watched like children they treated her the same and she went along with it .
she steps around dc 's heavy wooden desk her fingers trailing on the cool smooth surface of the wood her feet dragging across the coarse carpet and then there she is standing over his chair and sitting and now she is in the place of the great writer sitting in the ghost of the artist her self in his place and she can feel the energy of it thrumming along her bones .
put yourself in miss crawford 's place , fanny .
she replied , putting ian firmly in his place .
if nothing else , rising musicians can take from marcus story three lessons : the music industry is a hard place to be in .
if your mother sees fit to get in my way or whine about one of her pitiful problems then as man of the house ill put her in her place .
he knew the coach probably had plenty of experience dealing with unruly parents through his many years of high school and collegiate coaching , he just hoped the coach would put his dad in place .
what would you think if you were in our place ?
yes , he had been distracted and momentarily saddened by the absence of general shintaro ; and naturally , he had also been surprised by the developments which had taken place since he had left the world aboveground , but now all of this seemed minor and distant to him again like some sort of dream .
she was looking forward to all the joys of motherhood without any of the dread or fear that i would feel if i were in her place .
i say i ca nt keep no cat in my place donald says , as he sat down to pet the cat some more i could talk to them about the fee .
it was nt his place to get involved .
it is a way to frustrate indeed hinder their education , so as to keep africans in their place !
it is not my place to sit with you at this table , she said , looking away .
however , i must tell you what i would do if i were in your place and as i have been visiting this place , i have actually done it there .
living so long on this dry edge of the earth had been a little much for her ; and i wonder now what anguish she felt every time her relatives went back to the old farm without her and her little pride with her place in the strange west must have been weak compensation for the loss of friendships and established course of her life , pots of jam at the county fair and known plants and animals , that she felt every time she was left in this strange place called arizona by them , by the folks .
but he took control of what he still had , made a place for himself doing what he clearly loves .
in my place captain von l. , my oldest and most intimate childhood friend , entered at my suggestion the festival committee .
when his brain and the guilt from his dad told him that he needed to put me in my place , he did his best to tear me down and push me far to the outside of the family with cruel and calculated declarations of where his heart resided .
it did nt put me in my place .
with even an empty gun in hand ( and , to be sure , a seeming will to use it ) eddie could soundly and quickly put that prick in his place and , more to the point , extract an apology , engineering a proper conclusion to their encounter , one that did not leave susie doubting his worth .
canto 36 to here i was sent as much as you as much as your desire willed your desired will and it suits me well though not you so well although you have been made thus suitable you are material still and are embodied but not solid rather akin to this comets tail as this continents pebble disperses before the sun in a tail as the sun blows away the scales of the ice and as the pebble becomes its airy tail and here you are now in between moons in my lair oh my lair no my place for the time being only while being in time with a foot i have never nor ever had always there in eternity beside the eternal the one in three the uncounted immortals like me the accumulating thousands of millions of immortals like you who die and live on yes your mother yes your father too but you have not yet died not dead just suitably like the vacuous tail and here i am to ferry you who can no longer walk between moons as i have ferried many others since the dragon fell is falling will fall around the newborn aging extinguished sun making of its collapse a path of improper in - betweens and repeatedly tens of millions of strides made as but one and some to places like this where no ones foot can step and here you are less than a cloud and needing my ferrying along oh no i am not the animus of this comet which knows its own inanimate ends i just enjoy it here and am suited to here and was sent to here and here you have come and become what you must to not die just as you once were adapted made as stone yes a gift but also a lingering accident of the way the dragon made itself suitable to anywhere it impinges and given to you as the sun is given and warms you and the earth is given and holds you and yes oh yes your prince is safe your companion is safe and both are now just clouds like you and ferried like you but not visited like you i am visiting you to thank you for taking the prince and your inclinations were well imparted and grown that you should say yes willingly by his will and keep the prince well i tell you now as the messenger i am that he will be returned but not for some years and in those some years he is yours to protect to raise through the time born of your great decision and never fear never doubt that the decision was great was good to him who judges good my beloved joanna in the hands i have never nor ever had i hold you and your things all to ferry you by his command and my liking yet i wonder may i ask do you have a stocking cap in your pack to wear when you are flesh again as a tail from your head and striped or baubled or brimmed with fur since i do like a stocking cap on the head of your kind since it reminds me of comets and those i adore and so here i am as i have said allied with this comet but no i see here just a hat in your pack never mind oh yes oh my oh yes i know the lord is here too i knew that on the instant and how blessed i am to hold him whom i have always beheld but i am a creature like you and in my thoughts are small things and an adam or eve in a stocking cap just simply delights me it does so i laugh so you laugh and my delight is unlike that of some of my siblings but then we are indeed each a species unique and so it was not i who announced to our lady nor i who stood at the tomb yet somehow i merited this visit and message or else i was already here at this my comet and so be it i will do well enough as i do what he wills and be joyous joanna i do see your grief so turn from it now for you shall see your parents again and in life you will love the untutored prince and we each have our place in his thoughts as we are sent canto 37 helen wondered if there were any clouds at all .
they have a magnificent place at quetcham hall ; and their parties are the best things of the sort we have .
what should you do what should you feel if you were in my place ?
some men in his place might have thought of writing this to her , in the form of a letter .
it is natural enough , of course , while she has to watch the slow death of this brother , whom she worships with such loving devoutness that i am ready to wish myself in his place .
he is not in a place to deal with deceit .
i knew i was out of place without being able to see myself mostly because of the way i felt .
you want to keep the poor in their place kept away from your master race .
feeling rather out of place in the office of a man he 'd never met , he decided he should probably find himself something to do .
i do nt really think its my place , yasmin , she reluctantly concluded .
she was gazing at kevin meditatively , questioning where her place was and what the right course of action might be .
its not my place , she said , struggling to force a dismissive tone into her voice .
well then whose place is it ?
computers are but a tool , one that shed gladly place in the hands of others .
before he entered this chamber of the near - dead sterling feels the elderly have their place but wonders if they are up to the challenge of serving as his peers his lawyer , stacy james , and assistant district attorney abernathy had a spirited discussion .
' i said our denise would be the one to keep you in your place , did n't i ? '
finally , she had made up her mind about how to put me in my place .
well , by cracky , kid , she said to me finally as i struggled to make sense of the comic strip prince valiant , which now contained a crocodile when i thought the last time i read it the action took place in england and i wondered what had happened at camelot recently in the strip , this is incredible .
the young woman waited on the topmost stair , stiff as a statue , obviously intensely uncomfortable in her place , the processional behind her silent and staring into her back .
well slot him into your place tomorrow and if he s any good , you do nt have to come back .
i want to complete a book on what took place in eastern poland during the war .
so as some hispanics and blacks move up the social scale , often to a very high status , their places in the lower classes are quickly taken by other similar ethnics .
ill give you one more chance to figure out your place around here .
then they were in her place , and he still had nt seen all of her , because she had peeled off her clothes and his so quickly that they could have been in a brothel instead of an artists studio .
i could stand back and criticise it , but its not really my place because i do nt know about it enough .
each in turn , like the ill - fated lieutenant colonel in georgia , learned to rue the war game exercise that place george morgan on the other side .
` ` remember , ray , '' she said , ` ` you always have a place here with me if things get too tough for you over there . ''
that was when frannie wanted to fly out from her bedroom and say , oh no it would nt you re not deciding where things go in our place .
several things were out of place he had moved the coffee table to use as a footrest , and left one of his oversized books overturned on it .
` ` no , it 's just that if i were in your place i would be , too .
this will assure our place as well as help your cause we must visit again face to face the next time you are in the area .
he was feeling a little satisfied he always felt this way when he was getting all the pieces in place he was close to finding all the ends to tie together he was feeling more confident as he drove toward the next step in this investigation .
what you suggest is perfectly feasible , and also offers me the chance to put the smug bastard in his place .
you are the only person i know who would suggest a place in st . armands circle as a ' not too fancy ' place .
just remember that we ve all been in your place before .
if i was in your place , i would have done anything , killed anyone .
in your place , i doubt i would want to go .
the crimson angel a feast of vengeance by wendy tsang for those who believe in eternal love and fantasy first sight the girl what had happened was never really expected to actually take place in my life .
they checked on the surveillance teams at the hospital and at the homes of the other two members of the seven , willie reynolds and steve rollins , and were assured that their protection was in place .
nothing , unless you want to prove to everyone that it was your coaching genius and not matthew wilson that was responsible , rosann replied , putting me in my place .
nick was one of the few people who could put himself in her place .
there could be a place for him in the new organization , she said , but on two conditions .
the welcoming ambiance however greatly contrasted with the developing events that took place in the hallways of the hotel .
this project will take forever , rutherford said with a smile , but we hope to have a framework in place in five years .
had i effectively taken his place on the chopping block ?
there was no doubt in sams mind that he and ron would take the tarpons place in the gulf of mexico if they came home with a 90 lb fish instead of 320 kilos of heroin .
put poor lovesick katie in her place .
well , if you put yourself in christians place , what would you do ?
i had thought that the black was pretty good at keeping me in my place but there were a few areas that he missed and mary took care of them .
harry was putting me in my place , you see .
he looked like a dorkhis inner hampton lover totally out of place in the midwest .
its like he enjoyed putting me in my place ... which , unfortunately , was heeling at his feet .
a nightmare featuring her sister in her mothers place had her shivering all over again .
all that was out of place was a pile of the weeks unread newspapers neatly stacked on a side table .
mrs . hartman was so thankful that crawley and the judge had put this young upstart in his place .
i spent a lot of years trying to put her in her place and never succeeded quite like it looks like you have .
he had been put in his place in the most humiliating of ways .
he had been put in his place again .
what would you do in my place ? ''
you 'll have to find someone else to take my place there after that . ''
i could have come back with something to put him in his place if i had n't been so flustered .
you know what i mean by that anything out of place .
that man had definitely been in her place .
she took a step forward , inserting herself between annie and delaney , her hot pink dress and boots ridiculously out of place in the somber environment .
his place in the family plot , however , has been paid for .
it was him he was in our place .
it had been at that very moment that bubba pictured himself in his fathers place , losing his temper so violently that his loved ones would suffer terribly .
he was getting angry and it was all fitting into place .
the next hearing was the reconstruction to take place at brieulle 's farm : present should be the suspect , defence and prosecution , and all relevant police and medics who attended at the original scene .
but its also exactly what i might think in his place .
if i were in mom and dads place , what would i do ?
love felt like they d been put in their place .
there was a dangerous pause as ds turner looked up slowly and , while keeping her place with her finger , closed her notebook as if to indicate an off the record remark , said , ` ` if i made assumption about your sexuality , i suspect you 'd be very quick to put me in my place , and rightly so .
in their place i would be now .
tom began to throw another punch at shawn but kaitlyn blocked it again , putting him in his place .
kaitlyn really wanted to put these two girls in their places but she knew better .
grace started to feel sick as everything began falling into place .
to top it off , we have about a dozen different networks here wanting to know what s up with the yosemite murders , even though there s no evidence this took place in the park .
dad says it puts him in his place .
just as he had planned , things were beginning to fall into place , he could see the yearning of horton to destroy mythia , it was now left to him to do his own bidding which he would not fail .
i m in a terrible place , and if you wo nt help , i do nt know what to do .
if someone was in my place , they would be either in the bedroom or in the bathroom .
one thing seemed way out of place .
immediately tony maclawn came out onto the stage , it was clear who was in charge : he gave the dj his marching orders and inserted the transecendentalists into his place .
bugsy , you shud be careful who come in dis place .
i suggest place me at the skull with tyleigh at the feet .
look , put yourself in my place .
but first they had to put me in my place .
is it me , or does that guy at the caf with rivera seem sorely out of place ?
not in front of reyes , who d given her a place when developments beyond her control had converted her from an asset to the secret service to the sort of person adjudged a liability .
to be fair , ill let you stab me when i m in your place , but for the time being ?
not sure i have a place for you yet , but you could weed out the bad guys for us .
pay a dying man to take your place on death row , then steal back the payment ?
i can get everything into place in a few weeks .
bless em , kates place must be their daily gathering place .
that asshole sure could use some puttin ' in his place . ''
when she realized in the cemetery who the scarf ring belonged toand so , who had been there at her apartment that afternoonit all fell into place .
anyway , as soon as i made the office connectiondeirdre and all thatwell , the rest of it fell into place .
lydia seemed to have been put in her place , and until she knew the rules , as well as beth , that 's where she would stay .
he would nt look out of place at a royal garden party , she had thought at the time - he had beautiful manners , and such a warm , confident way of greeting everyone , making them feel genuinely welcome .
when she got too overbearing he kept her in her place by an impromptu departure from the building , casually unexplained .
there was just something about professionals , mostly males , that riled lisa and she felt a need to put them in their place .
i was only pausing a moment to allow the emotional aurora of ms . alrights opening statement to dissipate so that i might present the ladies and gentlemen of the jury a more coherent version of what will take place during the next few weeks .
however , she wondered if she had been in his place whether she could have simply backed away after witnessing the fall .
i expect if i were in his place , i would have thought about it , would nt you ?
he screamed and gareth raced forward to drag him from his place .
she came wandering over , all gold chains , rings and cleavage , blotchy face and a tight blonde perm that would nt look out of place in a 1970s german porn film .
good thinking mcgeorgelets get all over this shall we.its 3 p.m. now lets have everybody in place by 6 p.m. di carragher went straight in to see chief inspector bishop .
and ifwhen you are rescued , you will go to president taft and tell him exactly what took place here and what this man said .
there was no more suitable place for him in the department .
hunter considered several ways to put this mean - hearted sibling in her place .
deciding the blanket should be washed lest carlos figure out what they 'd done in his place , she went back into the kitchen to search out carlos 's washer and dryer .
one man controlled seventy percent of the drugs through new orleans : marseaux , the same prick who had forced nathan into the only choice he could make two years ago_to give up everything to take jamie 's place in a cell .
` ` i took jamie 's place the last week of the trial . ''
he planned to lean on judge atlee to put them in their place ; otherwise , he would happily go home .
` ` that 's not your place .
on thursday prosecutor ekstrom explained to the court that after studying maps and photographs and listening to extensive technical conclusions about what had taken place in gosseberga , he had determined that the evidence indicated that salander had gone to her father 's farmhouse at gosseberga with the intention of killing him .
i was left alone in varena 's place , an oddly unsettling feeling .
i 'd spent over four years learning this town and these people , making a place for myself here .
and then we said our goodbyes and i hung up , feeling strangely out of place in this huge - yet - beautiful house with this strange - yet - gorgeous guy .
on the last friday in january millennium 's annual board meeting took place in the presence of the company 's bookkeeper , an outside auditor , and the four partners : berger ( 30 percent ) , blomkvist ( 20 percent ) , malm ( 20 percent ) , and harriet vanger ( 30 percent ) .
that 's why i also know that you 'll play along with what takes place this autumn .
` ` an alliance with us will secure your place with the new tsar . ''
it was said that bulger did n't like bullies and he would put them in their place .
wyshak 's colleague jamie herbert noted that during the media interviews connolly ` ` has lied about what takes place in this courtroom and outside this courtroom . ''
` ` once you stepped through that threshold , '' lo says , ` ` you entered my place . ''
gretchen wanted to kiss her sister for putting the man in his place .
she could n't tell if his words were intended to put her at ease or put her in her place .
like she knew she was in charge and she was putting him in his place .
` ` look scarlett , i ' m not trying to make you feel bad or say this is your doing , but i was in a pretty shitty place in my life .
he would n't be at the doctor in izzy 's place if he were n't that close to them .
` ` that , my dear melissa , was me being put in my place . ''
he narrows his eyes and does that stupid manly huff and grunt thing that is supposed to put me in my place .
` ` let me put those girls in their place . ''
but i had someone else who needed to be put in his place .
` ` so then nell tells me i should ask you to go out with me in her place .
i crawl to him with trepidation and place myself by vince 's bloody face .
but that does n't explain why dominick 's slut - bot is in his place .
` ` she tried , but when my dad finally had enough of her making pussies out of his sons , he put her in her place . ''
i ' ve never been private about who i have in my place .
she can carry on the tanner tradition of playing good music badly and annoy the shit out of you in my place .
i wanted to take her place , just like i did with jake . ''
then , another person took her place on stage and began singing .
i ' m sorry for putting you in a rough place .
i put him in his place and politely told him to back off .
` ` just wait until you 're standing in my place , waiting for peyton to walk down the aisle . ''
i already hated knowing that she 'd been there alone while mason and i were both gone , but i would ' ve been sick if she 'd been in her place and that guy had been trying to find a way in .
i loved watching you in your place . ''
praying to god that at the end of the day , she was still in my place and wanting to be with me .
` ` you need to be in place . ''
` ` i wanted to take your place , and then jared was there the second the car stopped .
time to put the guy back in his place and , from the way that smile of his ironed out , that one question did just that .
he may not be running away in fear or cowering in the corner , but it 's clear that he 's been put in his place .
before i have time to feel too out of place next to victor , fredrik , victor 's swedish friend and accomplice whom i met at hamburg 's restaurant long ago , enters the room through the large glass doors overlooking the backyard .
i was in a bad place when we met at the restaurant , and i was projecting .
who knew all it took to cheer me up was to put some punk - ass kid in his place ?
she was in my place because i 'd let garth black pour poison in my ears .
` ` putting a piece of shit in his place , '' he said , his voice murderous .
` ` you need to put that shithead in his place . ''
that gives me the right to put you in your place when i see you put a finger on josie . ''
` ` spoken like a woman who does n't want a man like you putting anyone in their place for her . ''
i liked having her in my house and in my life and i enjoyed making a place for myself in hers .
he said that a busload of after - work guys had just piled in , and paying my bills was way more important than putting loren in her place .
i wondered if ayden did that for me , wondered if it was so obvious to other people that with her , i had found my place and had been able to put out most of the bonfire that used to burn me alive .
his brother 's place .
he slapped me , not hard , but the punishment put me in my place .
it degraded , put me in my place , all the while my blood flowed faster , breath turned cloying in my lungs .
but once she 'd stripped thinking she had one up on me when i 'd blushed ... needless to say i 'd firmly put her in her place .
you wanted me to see me put in my place ?
my place with the canon , mons meg , and the best view of edinburgh .
a creepy - crawly feeling covered my skin , marching on like soldiers in combat , not in a rush , but steadily progressing to get in place to defend .
even as i ' m determined to put him in his place .
he cruelly dug his nails into my arms to keep me in my place .
tom shifted uncomfortably in his place .
she put me in my place and i deserved it , not that i 'd let her know that little fact nor would i let her know that her confession did a bit more than that .
after all that , she was supposed to put me in my place .
` ` i just did n't want to push you , because you were in a bad place .
i just do n't know if that 's okay with you or if you think i 'll be trying to take chase 's place . ''
or was it to solidify my place with him ?
it makes me blush a little because for a split second i picture kayden and i in their places .
ella glares at her as she starts to open her mouth and even though i ' m curious as to what 's going to come out of it , i decide it 's time for me to put my mother in her place , because i need to stand up for myself .
i ' ve had a hard time selling anyone in your place . ''
gabe turns in his seat and says more candidly , ` ` listen , i do n't pretend that it 's my place , but the boss is kind of miffed at you .
i feel a vacuum of cold air fill his place .
i just wanted to put the boy in his place .
` ` you look like you put a lot of boys in their place , '' i remarked , aware that i was skirting dangerous territory .
even though i knew that ellie despised javier , that she was in a terrible place and needed my help - our help - i thought about what must have attracted her to him in the first place .
this was n't his place to interfere .
it might take a few weeks for everything to roll into place . ''
i do n't feel like it 's my place for some reason ; at least not to bring it up .
as andrew tells this story , i ca n't help but be selfish and picture me in eurydice 's place .
ai n't nobody ' round here that can put him in his place like i can . ''
` ` rachel did n't want to say anything because it was pretty obvious you already felt out of place here .
she shoved me away and put me in my place . ''
` ` if you 'll excuse me , '' she said , putting me in my place , ` ` i have a few things to do , but i 'll see you around . ''
emotionally though , i thought we were in a good place now and maybe we should n't mess with that .
i did n't want anyone to fill kellan 's place , now that he was the one that was leaving .
like i said , that act just puts me in a dark place . ''
i knew from the second we walked in the door that i was out of place .
i did n't want to get hurt , but the thought of someone being harmed in my place seemed even worse to me .
` ` thank you for telling me this mrs . hunter because , to be honest , i was feeling very out of place and a bit insecure . ''
my place really is with the company so i ' m just going to enjoy the singing part until graduation and then it will be time to focus on my real career . ''
you can go in my place .
he did n't consider himself the possessive or jealous type when it came to women , but he did n't like how comfortable this man looked in tara 's place .
no wonder you wanted to take my place last night at dinner . ''
` ` once team two is in place we will exit , '' mike informed from the front seat .
would some random girl be asking me what it was like to be with my boyfriend if it was kyle in ryan 's place ?
there are so many guys itching to come up , all these huge , talented guys that are just hungry to take your place on the starting line - up .
i ' m so out of place it 'd be funny if i were n't terrified . ''
my place as well .
i 'd never been in his place before , and now here i was , for all intents and purposes , taking care of him after a trip to the er .
i know he likes to dress people down , to put actors in their place .
any woman in my place would be willing to drop her panties for you , even if they usually had morality . ''
she had watched a lot of movies that took place in marooned and lost ships and none of them had happy endings .
my wife held little sway on this side of the border , and my place on the finance committee came not through family connections but a love of art lanie jackson had noticed when i donated some postmodern pieces to the burgeoning museum .
but if i argued with him , if i put him in his place , it would be another reason to let me rot in that grey room .
her place in the cold when i was outside so she could be with me .
` ` please f**kin ' tell me you did not walk in my place and watch me f**k my woman , '' raid snarled in a way that anyone in their right minds would say they did not .
` ` out of my place , out of my business , '' knight muttered to himself and i rethought him not hearing me mumbling since i heard him just fine .
this is not his place .
` ` not surprised , '' he muttered , still studying me and not talking about not being surprised about men working in my place .
comfortable in her place .
my uncles were ass**les back then and if we did n't see eye - to - eye about how to deal with them , i hope you were or eventually would be in a place to tell me what was on your mind even if i did n't agree with it and it ended with us having words . ''
more good news , got a buddy who 's got a buddy who 's got a place here .
i 'd survived him in my place being nice and teasing me .
his eyes got intense and he said softly , ` ` not my place , lost that place and i ' spect you know it but i ' m gon na say it anyway and i hope you know i got my son 's best interests at heart but , like olivia , you are far from hard on the eyes and , like olivia , you 're sugar sweet and i need you now , tess , to promise me what 's under all that frosting , '' he jerked his chin at me , ` ` tastes just as sweet . ''
i came home , talked to her about it , she was not in that place and was n't happy about it but she had no choice .
` ` then , after you put me in my place , it was . ''
he wanted to f**k father and son , put both in their place and remind reece of her mistake all at the same time .
so it 's all in place . ''
my laidback ham was history , and scary , pissed - off ham was still in his place because he scowled at me , did n't say hi , did n't even give me a chin lift .
she 'd forgiven me entirely for hurting her while putting me in my place once again .
he 'd let me in for a microsecond then shut me out once again , using sex as a tool to keep me in my place and remind me i did n't factor in his life - either as a friend or even associate .
blurring lines that had kept me firmly in my place as daughter and sister with no need to spread my wings and hurl myself from the nest .
i 'd taken my place completely beside him - becoming the face of feathers of hope officially three months ago .
the more he thought about it the more he liked the idea of having all of his men in one place .
i bet she 's hoping you 'll take her place , easily . ''
he had been twenty - three years old , and he 'd won a fight in a bar when devil offered him a place in the club .
i 'll keep her in her place . ''
a sex monster stood in her place , and all she wanted was sex .
i suggest if you do n't want this lifestyle then you think about your place in my club .
` ` yes , i needed to get out of my mother 's place .
he wanted to know who the man was so he could put him in his place .
you could be in my place right now .
i told jessica i was leaving her , and everything was in place .
` ` gonzalez told me she was a whore who needed to be put in her place . ''
there was n't a place for him in the club , not with his behavior at the moment .
prue will put her in her place .
you look out of place in the cafe .
he did n't want to f**k up his place in the club .
` ` every man and woman i ' ve passed has always found some way of putting me in my place . ''
it was like another man was stood in his place even though she knew it was tiny .
fight this addiction , earn his place back in the club , and get his woman back .
it was the truth , but murphy was starting to think tate needed a good f**king spanking to put her firmly in her place .
angel was completely out of place in the skulls bar .
she would be out of place as his old lady , too , but she was the woman he wanted and intended to keep .
` ` it 's about time someone put you in your place . ''
james held a place in the club , which he rarely used .
i think it makes him a little green to think of someone like me in his place . ''
he 'll see you 're not like me , and you 'll join the many other women he 's tried to put in my place .
elle deserved the man she 'd come to love in the hotel room , not the jaded other man who stood in his place , a man who would rather ruin his father than spend ten minutes alone in a room with him .
` ` then one day i invited some of the alpha collective to my place in kindness and celebration of a mated couple . ''
bitch needed to be put in her place . ''
` ` how could the son of a millionaire , the star football player and darling of every female in the state of nevada possibly be in a bad place ? ''
many men in his place would n't have had the strength or inclination to do it .
knowing that i want to put you in your place .
my defense was on the tip of my tongue , ready to put her in her place .
but it is not in my place to stop him or even ask him about what he has to do .
dillon had dreamed of putting his brothers in their place since the day he 'd discovered what they 'd done to isabel after he left .
` ` i feel like a jackass for backing out , but i figured maybe you could take my place .
` ` he wants me to take his place at the self - defense workshop you guys are holding at your school next week . ''
` ` you would ' ve done the same thing in my place . ''
he remembered taking one look at the tall , scruffy man , listening to seth 's trash talk and deciding that someone needed to put the smartass in his place .
i can hear the subtle improvement in her tone , a little happiness as she thinks her plan falls into place .
opening night was drawing closer and they 'd spent the afternoon going over fine details to make sure that everything was in place to guarantee a seamless launch .
treston would n't have believed anyone if he 'd been in dare 's place , so he knew it would just be a waste of his time and energy .
a few days ago i was in your place .
if she was in his place , she would put the same question .
save me a place at your side , honey .
i d never officially left council , i stayed to try and right things , and i stayed because it was my place .
do nt you think hell feel a little out of place with all the kings and queens , and princes and princesses , and he s just a regular boy ?
if i were in your place , i would have slapped him in the face .
that will bring her up with a jolt and put her into place adriana told him .
but you being out among all those vultures really put me in a bad place .
it was nt that i did nt want to go ; it was more the idea that i might be terribly out of place and embarrass both michael and myself .
there are way too many guys , and i know you can put them in their place .
she did not know much about this tom wyman character , but she could have kissed him on the spot for putting lisa back in her place .
the anticipation of the great and wonderful things that were bound to take place during his college years was desecrated by the cool reception that jon received upon his arrival on campus .
i ' m sure that if you would have been in my place , you would have said yes .
they quickly turned around and hurried back to their table thoroughly angry and embarrassed by the way she had put them in their place .
he had never talked about her and although he spoke about his children , the silence in which he had cloaked that part of his life excluded margery and because of that exclusion she had become jealous of the woman whose place she had taken .
finally i realized my place and all but yanked my hand from his .
so i straightened my spine , met his eyes squarely , and said : i have found someone who gives me my place , and i love him .
claire knew adding that last part was the kicker , but she needed to put this girl in her place .
the overlord seems to think there s a place for me at the cot .
i m definitely feeling out of place in my black and white nike tempo shorts -- which my dad always tells me are too short -- and an old green mardi gras t - shirt i caught at the bacchus parade in new orleans several years ago .
though i felt out of place at the pancake house at firsti was used to a nursing home or hospital setting , not a restaurant , which was a totally different animali was relieved to find it did nt take me that long at all to adjust .
river wished reuben were closer , but he was nt the only one capable of putting eli in his place .
i am just glad things are beginning to fall into place . ''
if they can weaken us , others would be able to step into our place .
there was never anything untoward going on - i suspected dan was extremely conscious of his place in the new pack - but it was clear they mutually adored each other .
i m used to putting assholes in their place .
she bestowed upon him an icy glare that would have put any other man in his place , but not so joshua .
for the first time she put herself in john 's place and felt an even greater love for him because he was so adamant about maintaining their personal relationship with such integrity .
teaching their own children to set aside their dreams and ambitions to allow some other child to have their place .
now , with her experience in the underground realm of the spiritual plane of the cabin , where john had come to her rescue , she was forced to consider her place .
mighty out o place in a town like this .
she is in a bad place lately .
greg did nt add he d imagined othello lying on the sofa with her , and he certainly did nt tell her he d imagined himself in the cats place .
you put her in her place and i ' m glad you did .
but i will admit i spend every living second of my life daydreaming about him and wishing on every star that i could trade places with you .
blake fought the desire to put him in his place .
i gasp as things fall into place .
taking his place at the podium , he begins his speech .
now that things in my brain are falling into place i m stuck dealing with the guilt of all my actions over the last decade .
not that he was nt a nice guy , but she was in the same place as me- just because we were stuck together , did nt mean we had to stick together .
of course there were other things to worry about in the grand scheme of things , but those would fall into place later .
this was hendrix , the boy who had seen me and demanded i make a place in his life before i even knew his last name .
thank you for putting me in my place .
she did nt mind putting the other boys in their places but she was nt about to embarrass him for the sake of being better .
we should be in place by six or so .
he was at his best , physically and mentally , when he was in his place , doing his part for the team .
there were some things he was sure an english accent was perfect for , and subtly putting a man in his place was evidently one of them .
he helped bart , i say he deserves a place with us , luke said firmly , giving the fair boy at his side a gentle shove so he was put off his next catch .
if he did , what did that mean for his place in new atlantis ?
i do nt know its our place , together trust me .
the blues had already cemented their place in the playoffs , but they were fighting with san jose for the number - one seed .
dorian spoke up because she wanted to put the infuriating man in his place .
i guess that puts me in my place .
miller and my sister tyler had a place in our colony , but both refused to play by the rules .
i was proud of my place .
she slept in my place , jacob says .
its not my place to do so .
with the help of more make - up than i d usually wear and the right outfit , i did nt think i d look out of place in one of the more upmarket clubs .
they re bragging that the women are high - class socialites who , um , need to be put in their place .
watching it all unfold as they carved out their place in fremont during a century and a half of living .
jeff stood at the doorway suddenly feeling very out of place in his own office and decided to walk over to the desk and search for the contract .
oh , i know it was just to scare me and put me in my place , but i still ca nt believe he said it .
feeling out of place in the hallway with guests coming in the door , susan ducked into the parlor .
how out of place could one be in an insane asylum ?
though , one thing he intended to accomplish and that was to put alice parker in her place and completely out of his life .
once he decides you ve done your time , so to speak , you can take your place here in the fringe and enjoy its offerings .
jeff thought about following them and talking to liam about what he was doing , but really , was it jeffs place to stop him ?
it was nt his place to deal with ben she made it easier for him but going into his arms and hugging him tightly to her .
his parents were briefed each sunday before he returned to campus on what was to take place the next week , and things unfolded like an inflatable toy , including inflating the new poolside toys .
i did do a little inquiring around since you truly seem to have no idea what is taking place here ; you re either a really great actress or i just ca nt read you .
as summer ended , things quickly fell into place for the remainder of the year , and life went along rather smoothly , almost .
she asked god for guidance in this situation , and the ability to put herself in his place .
i have been in love many times but i have nt love anybody so much like gina , then you come , who gave hr place .
i mean , clearly , i m out of place here .
thomas walked to sit beside her in jacks place .
i m just glad you had a place for me .
my vision became dominated by the engulfing hole as i was glided slowly into place , the abyss examining me , a reflection of the fear i felt , and of the love i m sure i had but would never know .
apparently satisfied she put him in his place , she turned to blow back out of the room .
you would n't care what anyone else said if you were in her place . ''
while i was proud of myself for putting gavin in his place , i knew that kind of outburst was unprofessional and could not be repeated .
his eyes narrowed and he turned and stepped back onto the elevator , taking his place as far from elliot as possible .
as if that would put the oblivious mrs . lambert in her place , morgan thought .
no one else is willing to put him in his place .
mia , this much anxiety is not good , especially in your condition , do nt let geoffrey or anyone else get to you , just concentrate on having a healthy baby and everything else will fall into place .
no , i wo nt let anyone be a target in my place .
but try as he might , he just could nt picture her in his goddesss place .
i was relieved to see i was n't entirely out of place .
i am out of place though .
if i thought i felt out of place in the back of the big , black , shiny car i knew for a fact that i would feel out of place at the restaurant .
if i thought i felt out of place in the back of the big , black , shiny car i knew for a fact that i would feel out of place at the restaurant .
harleigh , i just did nt think it was my place to its ok .
mel , its not your place i m the babies aunt , she said .
he said it was about time someone put that bunch in their place , and he thought maya brand was just the one to do it .
it could get nasty and difficult , or just painful which is part of the reason i m going to new york , so the meeting can take place somewhere else , where you wo nt be affected if it turns sour .
i also thought the same about it when gina was in my place .
he was just laughing at this and the reason of that she let the teenager little girl in , was just she took a pity on her because she was in her place before too , so she wanted to make us become friends to so that the girl feels better !
standing there , on her doorstep , he looked about out of place as a ghost at a gathering of skeptics .
unfortunately , her mind seemed to have jumped on the bandwagon with her body , because she could nt think of a single sentence that would put him in his place and accept his invitation to dinner at the same time .
he knew that tanya liked to keep him in his place .
well , that s us firmly put in our place , gabriel laughed ruefully as he rubbed a hand over his chin .
ill just tell you one time and one time only , cale : if i ever hear anything about how kallie tries to kiss you , let alone anything else besides anything music related , i will not only sock her and put her in her place , but i will also quit the band .
bryn would be in kallies place if the shoot had gone my way .
would you rather of had some stranger come in and fill my old place in the band ?
any man would be lucky to be in my place .
it 's not my place , sir , he started with a fatherly air .
well be making decisions that affect us all and we need to make sure the right people are in place for that job , i said .
if another girl were in issys place would she have molested tristan in his sleep ?
regret in love , and hope that my daughter will find love in my place sometime in her future .
do nt worry , they really do understand your choice , mia , they do not hold it against you and although you feel guilty , if you had let eva die in your place , it would have changed you and your relationship with everyone in your life would have suffered more than you could imagine and more than you feel that they are suffering now .
they were even gloating about how they put the little pipsqueak in his place when he thought he could steal the ball .
at any rate , i for one felt better than i had in ages ; confident and prideful in the knowledge that i was the woman that had put oliver clark firmly and directly in his place .
i froze , staring with an open mouth at the woman thatfor all intents and purposeshad just put me in my place .
then , even from my place behind hestia 's massive body frame , i could see that ceres doubled she physical size .
it has to do with her taking my place in your life .
eva was practically giddy that everything was falling into place .
` ` so put me in my place . ''
` ` to put me in my place while insulting adrian by sending an emissary from the bottom of the totem pole .
i felt like i owed you answers , but i could n't bring myself to tell you honestly that i was in a pretty dark place . ''
` ` i should probably deny you at some point , just to keep you in your place . ''
' yes , we might be out of place . '
she cried when philip 's engagement was announced on christmas eve : his marriage to a girl called lucy would take place in january .
in order for me to take his place in the company , i was given requirements and a deadline .
she 'd only put me in my place .
i know it is not my place ... '' ` ` mi casa es su casa , '' he answered .
you know liam , he 'll make a place for you . ''
i 'll never try to take jeff 's place in your life . ''
` ` i got a place at liberty orchard , the new assisted - living complex off frontier street . ''
his prayer had been answered - they had a place at liberty orchard now .
` ` whatever else she might have told you , becky , it's- '' ` ` she said she 'd be happy to take my place in your bed if i ever grew weary of pleasing you , or if i decided that i did n't wish to comply with some of your more ... unusual requests , whatever that might mean .
` ` thanks for putting me in my place . ''
he could wave it away most of the time , but now he just chuckled to himself , thinking about the times she had put him in his place .
it was time for the alpha to put the beta in his place .
perhaps she should have put herself in their place and tried to see their choices through her own eyes .
if i had anyone who could take your place , i 'd fire you on the spot . ''
` ` that puts me in my place . ''
he decided it was time to put her in her place .
her husband , chad , had tried the he - man stuff on her , but she 'd quickly put him in his place , and he 'd actually listened to her .
so why was n't i secure and satisfied with my place ?
` ` if you were to envision yourself in her place , monica , '' dr . petersen interjected , ` ` would it be possible that you might feel as she does ?
you ' ve been a horny bastard of late , always pestering me in the morning ; maybe i should put you in your place again . ''
i ' m blessed with a sub who thinks it 's her responsibility and prerogative to shove me openly or try to manipulate me secretly all the time , which only works because i think she gets off on being put in her place just as much as i do doing that .
instead of putting her in her place - a hard slap to the p**sy might have been a good choice , or sneering into her face to wipe the bratty pout off it an even better one - he grins , then walks off to the supplies cabinet .
she 's as out of place in this dirty sweatbox as anyone i ' ve ever seen .
there 's something to be said for surprising someone and putting them in their place .
i ' m digging myself a hole here - i do realise that , but he 's out of touching distance so there is no risk of any sort of jesse style fucking to put me in my place .
i ' m about to stop and put her in her place , but jesse pushes me on , preventing me from following through on my intent .
these women need to be put in their place .
she would n't have him in her place alone , ever .
she knew there were plenty of women who would love to be in her place .
it 's a good thing you ' ve put me in my place . ''
` ` believe me , max , i wo n't be forgetting my place around you , '' she said in a sugary sweet voice that made her sick .
i ' m really hoping you put him in his place , '' she finished with a smile to take any of the sting out of her words .
they had no choice but to hold out here until the extraction team could get into place at the prearranged time he and wyatt had decided on forty - eight hours ago .
` ` quinn , i appreciate the thought , i really do , but put yourself in my place .
i kinda share a place with these five chinese guys .
june 20 , 1957 i talked to george again about going to nursing school , but with the children so young he feels my place is here at home .
his hands roved her body in what she could only describe as an x - rated manner ; this display was completely out of place in public .
to be fair , the school counselor could n't have known that dolores would call in the middle of the night and place anne marie in such an awkward position .
dean was satisfied with the crew that was in place , so larkin supposed that would have to do .
odds were that any business done would take place in larkin 's suite , but they had to be prepared for anything .
the agents on - island would be moving in on kwan that very night ; he remained under surveillance , and as soon as the right people were in place he 'd be in custody .
he was out of place and he knew it .
my place is with rachel at the hospital , the way i was there with your mother .
` ` i ' ve arranged a place for you there . ''
it was his place , as her fiance .
but it was jem 's place to do those things , not his .
i can not fetter your best intentions ; it would only be cruel , and i would do the same for you , were i in your place .
` ` that 's putting gideon in his place , all right , '' magnus said with satisfaction .
` ` if he is determined to remove me from my place here , then i have nothing to safeguard .
` ` after all , i have my father 's place on the council - his friends will listen to me ; they still owe loyalty to our family - and besides , how else can we be married ? ''
` ` now that 's putting my brother in his place , '' said gabriel , looking delighted in that manner that younger siblings did when their brothers or sisters were entirely set down .
put him in his place when need be . ''
` ` i think i do put him in his place , fallon . ''
he had a slim build that was a hel of a lot stronger than it looked , but it was his almost unnatural technical ability that had earned him a place in delta force .
erica 's mind drew up a picture of a young christian , battling for success , trying to find a place for himself amidst the jarrod family .
` ` i think you just might make a place for yourself here ... little sister . ''
you 're already making a place for yourself here .
` ` made a place for yourself .
she 'd jumped in with both feet and , true to her word , was definitely making a place for herself .
` ` well , that put me in my place , i suppose .
i did n't tell him i was imagining gideon in his place .
the crowd cheered more as i threw myself into putting roman in his place , but this was all wrong .
she was putting me in my place .
me being in the same place as her friend , without her , would piss her off .
i 'd take your place if i could . ''
luce wondered at that moment : if she could trade places with this girl - who never had to worry about past lives , or apocalyptic shadows , or the deaths of two innocent boys on her hands - would she do it ?
take his place up in that tower and love her as she needed to be loved .
his wife had died before he was much more than another harvard mba struggling to make a place for himself in the business world .
honestly , i feel like putting this girl in her place , but i know i need to be careful in the hallowed halls of caa , so i bite my tongue and take a seat in the modernly decorated waiting room .
she will find her place at the uw , make friends , and mature .
she looks out of place in my designer room .
from her place onstage , marah had looked down at the two best friends and seen that they were both crying .
no way could i have stayed calm in her place .
sounds like our vasilisa put my dad in his place . ''
put me in my place , and show me what a badass you are . ''
i ca n't believe she 'd talk that kind of trash in my place . ''
i resolved not to contact you directly until you were already assured your place at harvard . ''
gabriel felt julia stop , but he 'd been speaking with vitali , getting last - minute instructions on what was to take place .
` ` i will see to him , but tel me this : would you show such concern if it were i in quinn 's place ? ''
what would you do with the information , were you in my place ? ''
` ` but i am not in your place . ''
` ` tell me you would do differently in my place . ''
she peered over her shoulder on her way out the door , strongly tempted to put them all in their place .
someone needs to put that man in his place . ''
i ' ve told her time and again i have a place for her at the club ; she 'd make an excellent dominatrix . ''
he looked sexy as sin , but i could n't help but notice how out of place he looked in the entryway of the hoity - toity club , his tattoo playing peek - a - boo with his shirt collar .
if he were in their place , he 'd wish for any fortuitous circumstance to leave this forgotten estate .
let resnick know so he can be in place .
` ` i ' m asking you to consider for a moment if our sister was in genevieve 's place .
but let her know that i love her and that she will always have a place here with us .
lord renwick was still mute , leaving her to believe she had made her point and put him in his place .
he was afraid , devil take it , he was terrified that if she truly knew about some of the things that took place under the roof of that house , she would be more than scandalized .
i expected her to make some biting comment , put me in my place , then tell me she 'd call edward and have him take me away .
just enough to get him a place in mexico , a few bottles of tequila , and a willing woman to keep him warm through the winter ... winter .
` ` keep me in place . ''
bull had promised this woman a place on the estateifshe helpedthem.nowthe promise was in vain , despitemeg 's having held up her end of the bargain .
awoman has no place amid this men 's work.and thisplan is madness , pure and simple .
our new fiddler has n't worked out , and there 's a place for you in the band , man . ''
clay stepped out of ruby 's hospital room , making a place for tulane , his younger brother , who had just driven down from florence .
` ` about that , deidre , i- '' ` ` it 's fine , sarah ; with the current marketing plan in place , we do n't need to find a replacement until next year . ''
she counted to three , took a deep breath , and shot dash an icy stare intended to put him back in his place .
if i 'd been in his place , i would have long since punched blake .
lissa knew little about her grandfather , but in his place , she decided that she too would have rather spent time with her son and grandson , instead of listening to the endless speeches tatiana had had to deal with .
i tried to imagine what it would be like to be in either girl 's place .
he stepped back and offered her his hand in a gentlemanly move that seemed ridiculously out of place in the scene .
no , not only were lil and abby likely the most thoroughly background checked women in the country , but he pictured lil putting him in his place the very first night he 'd met her and smiled .
abby said , ` ` if he got out of line , i ' m sure zhang could put him firmly back in his place . ''
dominic took his place at abby 's side and said , ` ` you know , we could use someone like alethea on our payroll .
` ` perhaps you should encourage him to live within the confines of our rules , lest he risk his place on this campus . ''
` ` and you wish me to step into your place and threaten mr . tomlinson with bodily harm if he mistreats his wife ?
grey 's days were a blur of activity , rushing from whitehall offices to shipping offices , holding daily councils of war with the other officers , receiving and reviewing daily reports from the captains , writing daily summary reports for the colonels , reading orders , writing orders , hastily donning dress uniform and dashing out to leap on a horse in time to take his place at the head of a column to march through the london streets in a guildhall procession to the cheers of a crowd , then throwing the reins to a groom and brushing the horsehair from his uniform in a carriage on his way to a ball at richard joffrey 's house , where he must dance with the ladies and confer in corners with the gentlemen , the ministers who ran the machine of war , and the merchants who greased its gears .
put yourself in his place , and think what you 'd do .
then the world snapped into place , and he picked up the boy to set him on betty 's saddle .
certainly she 'd doused him in wine and had tried to put him in his place more than once .
something to put her in her place .
that would put him in his place .
i'l not have you ordering me around like a servant in his place now he 's dead . ''
` ` you could simply take up your place again as if you 'd never been away , '' he said quietly .
when i finally escaped at eighteen , i roamed the streets , made a place for myself , but it was rough .
` ` hmm , since you could have been in my place , maybe i should ask you .
` ` michael , i have some concerns about my place here .
his soft words made her blink , and she finally turned to face him for the first time since he 'd taken his place so close to her .
` ` why do i feel like you ' ve put me effectively in my place ? ''
and then you spread your arms and step back into the fog because it is your place and not mine .
he 'd been grooming her to take her place at his side in the highest echelon of universe politics and prestige .
one arched eyebrow clearly stated she intended putting him in his place .
i will arrange for someone to guard you , but until he is in place you might wish to avoid crowded tourist attractions or risk being cornered by the paparazzi . ''
when ian 's knock had awoken him this morning , dominic had not suspected the upheaval about to take place .
` ` appears to me there 's more than one person out of place in this fine dining room . ''
` ` a good dose of healthy arrogance to put me in my place as i recall . ''
for the first couple of weeks , i tried to put myself in your place ...
it had been a mistake to come to his place , a mistake not to have plotted the evening more carefully .
she 'd hoped to put the mighty naval officer in his place and all she 'd managed to do was amuse him .
he nodded and felt properly put in his place .
` ` i would go in your place , but you need to soak your feet in the salt water .
zoe looked so out of place in the driver 's seat of that car .
she tried to put herself in his place .
i 'll bet he would have liked to be up there in your place , dante . ''
he gazed at the expanse of mattress and imagined all the things that could take place there .
let 's say you were in my place . ''
in time , perhaps she can make a place for herself here .
with every skeptical glance thrown her way , she felt even more woefully inadequate and out of place .
a memorial service for mia farraday will take place wednesday at grace church on pine island at 4:00 p.m. * * * all over pine island , there were reminders of mia 's death : on the high school reader board , we miss you , mia ; on the movie marquee , in memory of mia .
he 's missing out on a lot of things , too , and i would n't trade places with him .
' ah , once again you seek to put me firmly in my place with the use of formality , ' he murmured admiringly .
with someone like him in place , danvers would continue to grow and prosper beyond their wildest dreams .
` ` just a condom change babe , save my place for me . ''
` ` i have a place in the french quarter .
madge would put them in their place no matter what .
` ` my place , '' he said quietly .
in his place , i would n't have , '' he snarled .
` ` it 's putting me in an awkward place , hammer , and you know that .
` ` ye ' ve done well wi ' your place here , colonel .
it 's my place . ''
jamie always moves to the left , so ian can take up his place on the right , guardin ' the weak side . ''
and sometimes it comes to biting , and sometimes not , but at the end of it , every dog in the pack knows his place , and who 's leader .
with no formal announcement , with neither invitation nor acceptance of the role , he fit the place , the part , like a piece slipping into a jigsaw puzzle .
` ` it 's your place , '' he said roughly .
` ` i would have done the same thing in your place . ''
and by taking your place at psi , i ' m fulfilling my end of our bargain .
if i 'd known they 'd take someone else in my place i would have never stayed . ''
he 'd dealt with members of the peerage who felt the act of paying him put him in his place .
you 're bitter because i ' m taking my father 's place in the company ?
` ` that 's your place , awkward or not !
` ` it 's my place to stand beside you , and support you , and yes , just fucking look pretty on your arm sometimes .
frankly , i ' m so bitter i would n't believe me if i were in your place .
i have a place now , with you . ''
except he had been the one in his friend 's place .
in his place he 'd be doing the same .
i ' ve seen you put all four of your brothers in their place .
if he does move against royce , then something will have to be done to put him in his place . ''
billie did n't ask what exactly would be done to gren that would ` ` put him in his place '' .
` ` what would you do if you were in my place and it was beowulf that gren had ?
` ` no , but i 'd take your place if i could . ''
it was time to go and plan her place within project lullaby .
she prodded at it , forcing herself to envision different scenarios , hoping one of them would feel right and click into place .
she 'd fought for years to make a place for herself .
she 'd see to it that they got a good education and made a place for themselves in the world so that when the time came , they , too , could help create a new and precious life .
` ` i know you do n't understand our customs , but they 're in place for a reason .
she goes to where the child was taken and tries to put herself in their place .
in that moment , jess remembered vividly what it felt like to be standing in his place .
if something 's going down soon , we call up steele and get the team in place .
he knew i was stepping in , and he pushed a little to try and put me in my place .
if i 'd been in stan 's place , i might have thought the worst of me too .
we 're in place , lily .
` ` if you were in my place you 'd realize that in order to keep what 's mine , i must be strong enough to increase it .
she opened her mouth , wanting to say something witty and unexpected , something to put him in his place , but before anything sprang to mind , he tossed the remains of the apple in the garbage and turned to rinse his hands before going on .
when he teased her , she teased him right back ; when he pushed the boundaries , she had no qualms about putting him in his place .
had they been anywhere but the station , she would have put him in his place for that one .
the guardian julie stared at richard without breathing as everything clicked into place .
he felt out of place here , at her house , so early in the morning .
they ensured i could graduate from st . vladimir 's academy and take my place with true guardians who defended moroi from the strigoi .
i hated to admit it , but if i were in hans 's place , i would n't have been looking for miracles .
and in all fairness , i would be greatly annoyed too , if i were in her place .
` ` you will see ; i shall promptly put her in her place and have her whispering sweet nothings in my ear before you know it .
well , it was about time that somebody did something to put the girl in her place .
as i would be if i were in their place . ''
` ` you seem less than thrilled at the idea of having me in your place . ''
` ` unfortunately , that is the problem you have created by arriving here in his place today .
there was no way in hell i 'd walk away this easy if i 'd been in his place .
nicole was n't the first woman ryan had brought to his place , and she would n't be the last.but this time felt different .
the jowly justice of the peace 's proclamation resonated hollowly in phoebe 's ears , as if she was watching some kind of drama , far removed from her place beside kyle .
he was n't sure he could withstand another evening alone with her in her place .
` ` i 'd be a bit out of place at my age . ''
she had to be if she wanted to make a place for the youngest kincaid in this family .
i got very mad at cliff when he said that , especially since i am the one to blame , but he insisted that you allowed me to become the person i was by enabling me - never putting me in my place and allowing me to emotionally abuse you for so long .
i really do know what it means to be in your place , having a certain ... itch and liking it scratched frequently .
` ` you want me to take his place in the cockpit ? ''
seriously , if it had been one of those douchebags , he would have either f**ked her himself to show alea that he was all big and bad , or he 'd have made sure she was ' learning her place . ' ''
that 's what she would do in his place .
i wondered if one day i 'd do all my tooth - brushing here in this bathroom , or if some other woman would be standing in my place .
kim could understand barbara 's looking forward to christmas -- she would , too , in her place .
willa let her hand slip away from his arm and ducked her head , then said , ` ` because luvena did die in my place .
i do n't need someone to fill josh 's place in my life .
i do n't want someone to fill his place .
he wanted to tell her to stop , that he did n't want her to hurt in his place , but he was overwhelmed and nearly shattered by the instant relief that swamped him .
he would know she had lied to bun , that she had forced him to live a lie by putting him in her ex- husband 's place .
he wanted to be in luc 's place .
even now they were inside f**king like mad while he wandered the park , his proverbial dick in his hand , wishing like hell that he was in tyler 's place .
you ' ve put me in my place , and i wo n't overreach again . ''
in his place , someone like ben would have yelled , thrown a tantrum .
whether she knew it or not , by giving up her fiance and refusing to let another woman take her place in his dungeon , tara was telling him that he mattered to her .
putting him in his place was not worth the heads that would turn or the tongues that would wag .
` ` but he 's a rat who will come back if you do n't put him in his place .
` ` that 's one role i will never fill , but i have no problem putting you in your place . ''
it 's his place , all right .
` ` my place then ? ''
i have no illusions about my place or my role , mrs . henderson .
her tummy ached as she tried to imagine what had taken place in the woods .
in heidi 's place , he 'd feel the same .
in lionel 's place , jake would have done the same .
put in my place like a small child , she utters , ` ` never been disappointed in you , nox .
` ` we know the fairy tale takes place in leningrad and that some of it is real .
my place in boston is in beacon hill . ''
if not , i need you both in place .
his appointment would take place in cabana number two , away from prying eyes and with the sound of the roaring surf to cover conversation .
and his life had continued in that stripped - down fashion from his bare - bones office to his stark home ... even his place here , understated in comparison to the rest of the opulent mansion .
she could have relied on her father 's money , but she carved out a place for herself in the world .
emilio and i came home from europe and assumed control of the business in dad 's place . ''
furthermore , in my opinion , a discussion of p and l , ppi , gnp , and agi would n't be out of place here . ''
maybe the adult was n't quite as snotty , vain or superficial as the girl had been , but she could still put a guy in his place .
and we 're setting a place for her at book expo in the spring . ''
had she been in his place , she would have worn her pajamas every day .
turning and looking up into his dark eyes , she smiled , doing her best to put him in his place by humoring him .
she knew she should n't be upset , but they were starting a new life together and she wondered whether she 'd always feel that this was his place , never feel that it was equally hers .
who in the world would be coming into his place uninvited ?
he looked out of place in her apartment , though he was residing in the same building .
the man acted like such a pompous jerk all the time , and someone needed to put him firmly in his place , because he was sure having fun trying to belittle her .
the thought of having another man come to her place did n't please her .
he moved me into his place even though i tried to protest .
a diabetic child needs special care , and i ' m not certain how easy he 'll be to place in foster care .