with a look from his chief of security , he knew that everything was in place .
all he cared about now was getting her to trust him enough so that all his other plans could fall into place , plans that were expanding even as the two of them stood in the earthy stables .
her mouth filled again and fila writhed and fought , but the unseen captors ' hands held her in place and her head pounded with her racing blood .
with her last push autumn nearly bowled luke over , but he kept himself in place and from the sounds mia was making all was going well .
his arm had already moved protectively around her waist , but now he held her to hold her in place as well as to protect her from whatever was in the stall .
it slid into place and i felt like a missing piece of my soul had just returned .
it felt like i was whole , like my missing half was settling into place , and i knew i 'd found exactly where i was supposed to be .
he gave me a weak smile as i pulled violently at the lee cloths holding him in place .
i had been a little afraid he was going to take me to some billionaire hangout where i would be completely out of place .
what was about to take place was foremost in her thoughts and had her wondering if they 'd both lost their minds .
` ` is everything in place for jake 's move to louisville ? ''
` ` everything is in place for the celebration tomorrow and you should relax and enjoy this beautiful country - not just by driving from one meeting to the next . ''
dani tried to get up but zach held her firmly in place .
when you get back , everything will be in place and you can move in without any more disturbances . ''
` ` if there is anyone who thinks this union should not take place , speak now or forever hold your peace , '' the minister said and waited a moment , looking out to the pews filled with people .
a few other patrons glanced at them when they walked in and alana felt vaguely out of place in her cocktail dress .
clawed into place , i turn around to face janice with a weak smile , but she 's clearly less than thrilled to see me .
i was tempted to run away , but only the prospect of working in my dream job kept me in place .
nothing out of place , not even the towel she 'd left by the sink .
social services would probably find some place for her , as they had throughout her childhood and early teenage years - places she 'd hated - and if she was forced back into the welfare system because of her injuries , that sleazy abusive creep might hear of it .
still , even with his hand on her arm , holding her in place , she hissed at the other man .
watched him approach , in his thousand - dollar suit , looking as out of place at drake 's as a picnic basket at a five - star restaurant .
her body was pinned along his and his strong arms held her in place so that even if she 'd wanted to escape - which she really didn't - she would have had a hard time of it .
and garrett was holding a baby and feeling as out of place as - hell , he could n't even think of anything as out of place as he felt at the moment .
and garrett was holding a baby and feeling as out of place as - hell , he could n't even think of anything as out of place as he felt at the moment .
` ` well , graverley , '' royce said , stopping in front of his adversary , ` ` what brings you out from your hiding place behind henry 's throne ? ''
a worried shadow darkened her gray eyes as she patted her elegantly coiffed hair into place and thought about clayton 's strangely uninformative note which had arrived only three days ago , announcing his intention to pay her a two - week visit .
that gruff order drew sherry 's attention to dorothy who had obediently reached up to pat her coiffure into place as were half the debutantes in sherry 's range of view .
nicholas alexander benedict , who 'd stopped nursing a few minutes before , took immediate exception to being deprived of his mother 's breast , so julie settled him back into place and helped him find what he was searching for , then she returned all her attention to the television set .
when she left , mrs . bainbridge patted her gray hair into place beneath her lace cap and glanced with a grimace of distaste at the letter lying beside her on the satin coverlet .
` ` i want our marriage to take place in london , before the ton , '' jason said with absolute finality .
instead , i asked the nurse practitioner to check to make sure my iud was still in place .
once that takes place , my involvement at the club will be minimal .
she moved to get out from under me , but i held her in place .
now everything is in place , so you have nothing to worry about , but my plans have to wait a bit longer while i give you a wedding and a honeymoon like no bride has ever had . ''
this is why i brought you the prenup , since i thought you must have been regretting not taking it , must be worried about repercussions with no provisions in place when you ended it with me again .
damn it , nicole , what takes place between us does nt happen with just anyone .
but it would probably be best if it took place as our final interview . ''
still , grace would make sure the legal pieces were in place right away so that she would be armed and ready to fight for custody just in case he tried to take her to court for parental rights .
since it also resulted in his thumb descending to hold her hands in place in her pockets , imogen went still .
his fingers splay on my stomach and hold me in place , trapped against the hardness of his body .
it was the first time he 'd come to his half brother 's place of business , and his skin itched with the feeling that something big was about to take place , even if he did n't know what it was .
once we were both in place , i pulled the covers up to our necks , and then reached into the green to bring its healing energy to my friend .
it did n't take me very long to figure out that relinquish control was n't the right place for her , but by then she 'd already spent a week with your brother and then had come back even emptier than the first time i 'd met her .
yes he had pushed me a little , but it had brought me to a place that felt wonderful when i could forget about my past .
` ` but if you want my advice , you do n't want to waste any time getting a protection plan in place . ''
one of his hands is around my waist , holding me in place at the small of my back .
and then when he buried himself one last time , and she felt the hot rush of his release deep in her body , she lost all semblance of time and place .
brass rails two inches in diameter spanned between the stout upright posts at each corner , handcuffs shackling me in place .
within me there was a hard , cold knot of rage , already in place and building , put there by the chase across france , by roth 's kidnapping , by the turn my life had taken , all at the hands of this woman .
tristan stood up and gently held me in place so i could n't move .
his unruly curls have been wrangled into place , and his razor sharp jaw sports just the right amount of stubble .
his hands curved over my hips , holding them in place .
for some reason , the intimate touch sent me careening back into that old place , back into the childhood crush .
satisfied that i was bound in place , mr . stone went to the case and took out an envelope no bigger than the head of a teaspoon .
lanie 's back arched and her knees buckled , but i held her in place with my hands firmly grasping her hips .
i have to physically restrain her , holding her hips in place , so she ca n't squirm away .
so why did her subconscious place carter at that scene ?
she had to force her feet to stay in place and not run out the back door in sheer mortification .
normally adoption took forever , so they were surprised when everything fell into place in record time .
all at once she remembered her place and abruptly released him .
leftovers ... scraps ... she had been in no better place than the beggar boy in rhodes , he thought with a growing sense of outrage : a victim of poverty , crime , and callous rejection at the hands of her stepfamily .
but it also meant she had to make sure everything was in place so the club could run smoothly without her until friday .
that she was a human , who 'd done some truly terrible things before getting to the place where she could properly mother a child .
and it was all talon could do not to laugh at how out of place valerius looked standing next to him , and most especially acheron , who was a poster boy for the goth movement .
with her arms folded , she left the room and cast a menacing glare at mache who was bleeding profusely while the door held him in place .
terrified he was about to fall to the street , abigail wrapped herself around him to hold him in place .
` ` cause it 's easier to keep a buzz going when it 's in place than to have to start from scratch once you 're sober .
the swelling that had taken place in her chest had been too much .
dipping my chin , i let that settle in , and though it did n't make it very far through the tequila haze , there was still a pinching deep in my chest , a feeling of things settling into place where they should be .
the paperwork is in place to defer my exams until august , before i ' m supposed to start my senior year of classes and college ball .
the rhythmic push and pull of the waves against the beach and the raucous cries of seagulls anchor me in the moment , in this place .
she could see the whole feast around her , even with her lids lowered , and she felt herself quite firmly bound in place , unable to move , and it did not matter .
as the grooms went to combing his hair and binding his feet in place , i realized i had only seconds to do something rash if i was going to do it .
i shook myself , feeling my personality settling back into place on my shoulders .
mr . cataliades wanted to lay some heavy magic on him and put him back in place in new orleans .
wes 's insides seemed to shift , then fall into place , though he could n't say it was a comfortable place .
the act was beyond imagining and felt as if something right and natural was shifting into place .
as if my thoughts had drawn him , jenks hummed out of a hallway , looking out of place among the carpet and drapes .
then she settled back into place , ending the contact , annoying him .
i 'd fought to put that law into place , and lilla was definitely predatory .
she struggled against my hold , but i held firm , keeping her in place .
hesitantly , the men gripped my forearms and held me in place .
but her feet were rooted in place , preventing her from striding back into the bathroom for a towel .
yet still she remained in place , unwilling to hurt jaxon in any way .
the longer she stayed in place , the more intense her feeling of helplessness .
and then he was back in place , time once more ticking by .
instantly the answer slid into place , and though he wanted to shy away from it as he had earlier , he could n't .
once she was in place , he reclaimed his perch on the coffee table .
remaining in place was one of the hardest things she 'd ever done .
only the need to be near lucien held her in place and saved william 's life .
` ` do n't you dare- '' ` ` cloud , place paris , keeper of promiscuity , into the tub with lysander . ''
the fears were n't out of place ; she 'd wondered the exact same things only a short while ago .
but the same gut instinct that had prompted her to turn down the safe - bet tikal project and disappear into the jungle , and that had eventually led her to the cave , now rooted her in place .
his gaze slid to sherridan , who was squirming in place .
catching a whiff of something out of place , votan lifted his bloodied nose into the air .
garrett gripped the back of my head , holding me in place as his mouth slammed down on mine .
i did n't anticipate having to stop by the office this morning , but i could n't leave without everything being in place for the new partners who started after the first of the year .
i clenched my fists as i forced my feet to stay in place .
i shrugged away from his touch , nearly falling backward as the heels of my pretty black shoes , so out of place on the thick turf , sunk into the ground .
and the feel of david 's thumb in the cup of my palm , holding my hand in place against the stubble on his chin , made me feel so close to him - to the human that loved me ; the human that was buried deep beneath desire right now .
he pressed his thumbs under my eyes , holding me in place ; the indentation of his grip suggesting that movement might result in a cracked skull .
i wondered who this dark stranger was ; his black hair and cloak seemed so out of place beside this girl in floral print , with a yellow ribbon in her hair .
sure , mom has psychology reports in her corner - and believe me , she quotes them all the time - about how it 's better to be the most advanced , intelligent , mature kid in your peer group , instead of the underdeveloped wisp in the class above with lower reading scores and a way smaller chest , but honestly , i 'd take that boob - related insecurity in a heartbeat rather than feel so out of place and old all the time .
it was a call that summoned from the unnatural earth roots that held me in place , prisoner , to hear what i knew was coming .
he asked in disbelief , squirming in place where he practically sat against the counter .
everything is falling into place for her dream wedding , though mine is sort of falling apart at the seams and frothing at the mouth , just seizing and begging to be put out of its misery .
the man i ran into instantly held me in place just before a rough material was pressed up against my mouth and nose .
he frowns and i want to run my fingers through his messy hair , but link my fingers together and keep them firmly in place in my lap .
` ` when luke said there 'd been an accident , and we got in the car , i was right back in that place , as if i was thirteen years old again , and the pain was bright and brand new . ''
lily felt , inexplicably , like an important piece of her life , thought lost and left gaping , had been put back , snug and comforting , into place .
he approached callum 's desk and sat opposite , declaring , ` ` all is in place for tomorrow . ''
and these days , men and women more often than not met places for said dates .
` ` the dragons , elves , witches , wolves and conspirators all are in place , '' he informed me .
his arms tensed immediately , holding her in place against him but still away from him .
my finely honed defense mechanism clicked into place and sorceress of the antarctic made an appearance precisely when i needed her .
instead , new sadie clicked into place , took her hand from her chest , waved the cell phone at the woman and called , ` ` hi . ''
` ` the poor girl is embarrassingly past the marriageable age and looks about as out of place as a cow at carlton house . ''
she had n't even thought of the ramifications of what would take place if she 'd been found in his .
or your parents could decide that a residential treatment center would be the best place for you , since you 're a teenager - most of them have secondary educational programs that would allow you to spend some time on coursework as you 're working in group and experiential therapies . ''
after a period of two weeks , there will be a reassessment to determine whether this is the right place for you , or whether it would be prudent to move you to our residential treatment facility . ''
it 's almost like being born again , but with the necessary survival skills already in place . ''
she forced herself to remain in place as lucien painfully staggered forward , his hand covering a gaping wound that spilled blood over his fingers .
there was no way she could have ever imagined it taking place in a deserted alley , with zach 's strong muscles pressing her into a cement wall , his hips against hers , his large hands sliding into her hair .
sissy 's instincts started to roar , her mind making connections and conclusions that were horrific - this was no stranger , and the female , or whatever she actually was , was definitely not out of place in a cemetery .
it had been in place to protect me .
what with being a single mom and trying to run a small business , madison probably did n't have the time or money to maintain what had been in place before she came here .
the blotchiness of her face and the puffiness of her eyes seemed out of place against the battle fatigues she was wearing .
` ` well , that 's a better place for her than out at booker robinson 's , i guess , '' tami said , fingering a calico fabric that might be nice for a traditional wedding ring pattern .
when the lock clicked into place , he knew she 'd come for more than talk .
as death 's handmaiden , i must be in place so i may strike when the time comes .
i turn in his arms and place a kiss on his lips .
the pistol looked out of place in shay 's massive hands , but he clicked the safety off and pointed it just to my left .
straining against the ties that held me in place , i managed to slide the knife closer .
` ` no , '' i said , forcing my body to follow my commands , grinding my jaw and forcing the world to settle back into place in front of my eyes .
it was put into place for a reason . ''
if i ' ve learned anything , it 's that the best place for us is here with our family .
i could be a plague on legs approaching the two - story home , that 's how out of place i feel as i rap my knuckles on the door .
i assure you our safety precautions are all in place and functioning .
i want the bonds in place for life . ''
but spike remained stubbornly in place , not wanting liam in his house .
` ` not really the place for you , your grace , '' the midwife said , without turning from the foot of the bed .
he brushed his nose from her neck across her shoulder , nuzzling her as he had earlier this morning , the absolute strength of him fixing her in place .
she struggled but could n't budge him ; his big hand held her firmly in place .
in vain - ian was taken straight to the asylum , where my father had prepared a place for him in advance by paying them an obscene amount of money .
she went to the writing table , where hart had left the book , and began gathering up the letters to return to their hiding place .
violet remained in place , her heart hammering at her sudden sense of loss .
bertie was out of place with her worn coat and scuffed boots , even if her hat was new .
it was nearly the same as the other one - the one parked lifelessly across the lot - and peter looked so comically out of place in it , his usually combed hair ruffled by the wind , his glasses speckled with bits of dirt , his arm slung over the passenger seat in a display of forced casualness .
his other arm went around my torso , holding me in place against his chest .
now that i 'd gotten over the surprise of seeing him at chloe 's hotel , it occurred to me just how out of place he was .
in addition , i wanted to ... his hand snaked out and landed on my thigh , keeping me in place when i tried to sneak away as he paid her .
if he stopped fighting the transformation , would it take place more quickly ?
he knew the moment his own transformation took place , felt it in every fiber of his being , saw it in the wonder that spread over her face , felt it in the tremor of her hand as she removed his mask and stroked his cheek .
when both of his subjects were in place on their respective tables , he removed two vials from the tray .
he had chased her through an endless forest until , at last , she had found what she thought was a safe hiding place behind a waterfall , only to discover mara waiting for her , death shining in her cold green eyes .
i thought the best place for a baby was with both parents .
though all of this took place so quickly it was hard to believe , i felt as if i 'd been trying to kill this woman / wolf for eternity .
something about him makes me want to open up , but the part of me that clicked into place to protect myself when they took my son was so strong i did n't know if anyone would be able to get to the real me again .
when she started to withdraw her arm , he pressed his hand over hers , holding her in place .
i 'll be there to receive and place .
we ' ve arranged for him to return to work next tuesday , and this weekend i 'll be sitting down with my pi to put some measures in place to protect myself in case things start to turn south .
the souls were left out in the open , in the middle of nowhere where surely the urge to run and find a way out would tempt them , would make them ache for escape ... yet there was no way to escape because they were held in place by chains .
` ` make sure my background is in place .
with his plans set in place , greaves smiled the entire distance back to geneva .
if greaves intends to attack at white lake , with all those gardens and hotels lined up on both banks , we 'll need a plan in place with orders ready to deliver to all the militia warrior section leaders . ''
she held him in place .
` ` a place , my brother ascenders , has been prepared for you , of great honor for your service to my cause .
his body reacted , sharpening , hardening , shuddering , until he was once more grateful for the long leather coat of his guardsman uniform , and the snug buckled leather pants that held all his absurd firmness well in place .
an hour later we were strolling down the aisles of the hardware store , looking very out of place among the shuffling elderly couples and workmen dressed in grubby clothes eyeing us with naked curiosity .
rules are in place to guarantee the safety of each and every one of our kind . ''
gabriel froze , the embrace unexpected , his defenses not adequately in place .
he still gripped my wrists tightly , holding me in place against the door .
even so , he looked out of place in cuttersville , in the white house 's nineteenth - century parlor with fussy lace curtains .
she held her arm out and watched the transformation take place .
the black heels certainly look like they 're out of place .
her whole body rubs against me , and when her hips grind against mine , i hold her in place against me .
the frantic shake of my hands leads me to almost drop the razor , but the tightness of my grip means the handle is firmly in place .
then his hand is there , massaging , the softness out of place with how hard he f**ks me .
his hands leave my hips and hold my wrists in place on the bed , and he whispers in my ear again .
a team of navy seals and a pair of air force pararescuemen were counting on her to be in place for the pickup if things went wrong with their helicopter rendezvous .
` ` mccabe 's leave paperwork is all in place .
his boss persona slid back into place before vince could even respond .
was there any safe place for her ?
her haughty exterior slid into place again , but with a thin veneer .
and at the moment , with bo 's recounting of the capture still clanging horribly in her ears , she doubted her ability to keep her own defenses in place around j.t .
old habits slid into place too easily and she refused to let them take over .
her brow quirked , lori - spunk firmly in place and stirring his exhausted body wide awake .
` ` i believe you 're probably a genius and a regular academic environment may not have been the right place for you . ''
she pulled her hair off her shoulders and twisted it into a funky bun that somehow held itself in place .
not long after , he rescued her from her hiding place in the back seat .
ethan cupped his hands over her cheeks , holding her head in place while he thoroughly devoured her mouth .
chapter one lauren perkins 's red porsche looked as out of place in the parking lot of the bricksville correctional institution 's psychiatric ward as it did in perkins , massachusetts , the small town her family had founded .
he trapped her arms at her sides , holding them in place with his strong thighs .
renee seemed to snap herself back into place and remember that she was in the middle of making dinner .
but his panicked expression was totally out of place .
the woman in the mirror looked the same as she remembered - widely set gray eyes , neatly coiffed red hair , steady , serene gaze - everything in place , in fact .
about griffin and the strange , tangled relationship they had , her doubts about the coming marriage to mandeville , and whether it would even take place .
every hair was in place , a white cap sat primly on her head , and she looked every inch the respectable matron of a foundling home .
the duo went quiet , but trevor imagined there was some good - natured bantering happening in that taxi ; noelle had somehow procured a taxicab for the men to use , a vehicle that would n't look out of place near the docks or traveling through the city streets so late at night , should roussel make the tail .
i choked in surprise and tried to spit it out but he held it firmly in place .
it took every bit of strength she had to hold herself in place and not rush to him and offer whatever he needed - including blood .
after frank was dismissed , trent decided it was time to put into place a benefit program in which longtime employees could request certain flight privileges to avoid any issues in the future .
the exit took place with as much pomp and circumstance as the wedding ceremony itself , while duncan held back , entertained by the boasting of the men .
he was aware of the sharper ache on the back of his right shoulder as he settled into place .
but she certainly could do nothing until her family was back in place .
his mouth was warm , covering her , and his fingers tight on her wrist as if to keep it in place .
even here , in this place , he could scent narcise ... and the very aroma made his insides unsteady .
his fingers were surprisingly strong , and he kept her in place on the bed as he came back onto it .
the man who 'd come into the shelter that day , looking so lost and out of place in his fancy coat .
it was just - shit , there was n't any safe place for her .
kevin jogged out of sight , and jonathan ran into the cabin so he could be in place before kevin started his part of the experiment .
when he takes three steps in my direction , i have to force my feet to stay in place and not run me into the far corner of the room .
there was no other place for him .
` ` i always keep some protection in place . ''
simon 's hands jerked , snapping through the binds that held his wrists in place .
he put his hand over the knife and held it in place .
not until i ' ve put the bond in place . ''
not until i put the bond in place . ''
a few eye me curiously , and it reminds me that i ' m out of place - or even more obvious , out of place with abe .
i sit up in the tub , touching the back of my head to make sure my stitches are still in place , and i ' m not bleeding .
trey had done the same thing for taryn during the battle with his uncle : he had surrendered to the bond while she was unconscious , and when the bond clicked into place , taryn had quickly come around .
placing his hands on either side of my face , he holds my head in place .
i am held very firmly in place ... and again he strikes across my br**sts - i cry out .
he pulls me down onto his lap , his hands moving from my behind up to the nape of my neck , then to my chin , holding me in place .
` ` you need to stay here - for your own safety - until more precautions are in place .
he waited until she nodded slightly and closed her eyes , then gave in and held her ass in place with both hands while he parted her lower lips with his tongue .
i try to stand , but the world goes sideways , and the paramedic claps a hand on my shoulder to hold me in place .
` ` and it is a fit place for your sister ? ''
i nodded and set his hands to grip the stone he sat on , to keep him in place while i hastily finished unloading clarence - who was making the welkin ring with frustration ; i should have realized at once that the artilleryman was deaf , as he was taking no notice of the racket - hobbled him , and set him loose to join denny 's mules in the shade .
the sound is definitely out of place and instead of making me feel better the laughter twists an already too - tight spring .
she looked so sweet all rumpled and thoroughly sexed up but so out of place in the hollow and empty loft .
sitting here , i ' m stunned by everything that has just taken place .
` ` had to keep my girls in place somehow . ''
another man - a friend of my father 's , i assumed - had his hands on her shoulders , keeping her in place .
he moved her arms up around his neck and grabbed her around the waist , holding her in place against him .
` ` everything is in place and now i just have to be there to make sure it runs smoothly . ''
brady 's campaign mask slipped easily into place as he walked with confidence and power onto the stage as if he owned it .
i force myself to stay in place , and to bear up under the scrutiny .
' we have spoken to the red cross and arrangements will be put in place for your passage back to australia .
she tells of a car crash on a wet road , a blameless man dead , and the four years she sleepwalked through her marriage , held in place only by pills and the birth of her daughter .
the solicitor had said i would be wise to get all personal matters in place before i talked to anyone , and the list of things that needed sorting out made my head spin .
a crowded party full of strange people is n't the place for her . ''
with one hand still on my face , he snakes his free arm around my waist to keep me in place , still gripping onto the item in his hand .
my love for her places a large mark on her back .
he shifted his weight , looking completely out of place at tiffany in his worn jeans and scuffed - up chucks .
his large hand wraps around the back of my head , holding me in place while he gently traces the outline of my mouth with his tongue before sucking my lip into his mouth and biting down roughly .
halloween horror nights at universal studios was n't exactly the place for a pregnant woman .
once the cake was in place i headed for the rooms that we were using to get ready for the wedding .
it had taken us a long time to get to the place we are now , with us loving each other rather than fighting our feelings .
so much had taken place in such a short time .
all that had taken place in the past little while had been impossible for her to even imagine .
good news is , we ve been planning some measures we d like to put in place as soon as possible to ensure our children are safe and sound .
after holding the gauze in place for a few minutes , he gives petra a couple of injections , bandages the wound and leaves her in the recovery position .
sir , everything is in place , he said the second he arrived by sandarks side .
so the plan was put in place , the area chosen was to be evacuated , not that many gnomes lived in this area as it was one of the outer regions of the city and already sparsely populated due to declining populations .
neg , this creature may have additional information that could be of use to the rescue and return of diver unit , he will remain in place , there was a pause as the lights begin to dim in the control room , we will now shut down all unnecessary programs and wait until solar collectors can be initiated .
it was clear that something very important was about to take place .
this would not be a problem if the aliens were dragons or some other benign species , but if they were hostile then they would be forewarned that defensive measures were in place .
jane had lived the majority of her life between her birth place of rooks bay and her place of employment at ravenwood manor .
scaffoldings climbed alongside it , crawling up its sleek body , shaping a new , foreign exo - skeleton that appeared terribly out of place .
holding that pipe in place with one hand , he fit the second pipe next to it , tapping the end cap of it firmly with his palm to snug it into place next to its twin .
everything necessary for the triton project is in place , ready to go , said trixi .
he felt his emotions beginning to spiral again , felt the lid that he had kept so firmly in place for years working its way loose .
i d shake your hand but i m kind of strapped in place right now .
all saw his concerned expression , which seemed drastically out of place .
at the mention of cindy 's name , jimmy 's eyes immediately widened and he thrashed around once again , but the handcuffs and ropes held him in place .
especially if these accords are put into place to help us win a victory over our zelinite enemy , luanren added .
the town will be needing a new man for the job i should imagine , marshall mused , his tone still hollow and out of place .
despite resistance , security forces had more than doubled since the year before , with more equipment and surveillance gear put into place .
from the start he had been locked into place , virtually guaranteed a profession for the rest of his life .
were it not place , your presence here in this time would cause too many problems with your biology .
they 'd have measures in place to stop the rats from ' being good ' in the wrong direction .
your mother and i ... we did n't ever mean to put you in this place .
my beaver army is in place , we can defeat this spadefoot and his rubes on his own terms .
oh , then at that moment , henry , i felt as if something strange took place in my brain , and that i was going mad !
atreus had been sitting in place for much of the day and his body had stiffened towards a state of living rigor mortis , his upper back giving him especially severe aggravation .
the doctor raised a hand and coerced the valet back into place .
once everything was in place , they would have to move fast .
the two men lifted craig up and held him in place so that his bound feet were perched on the rail .
the only safe place for her was by herself in the middle of nowhere carrying out a meaningless existence .
if we do nt make it through either one , drop anchor and shelter in place in the cargo hold .
but the most important thing she learned was that the kings token entrusted to her could not be safely hidden in her bosom , so she chose a new hiding place .
he exclaimed , his slick smile settling into place .
callum was mindlessly staring out of his window , when suddenly , something seemed out of place to him .
i really do nt think she hid them on the trolleys as there are really no place to put a bag full of gems on said trolley .
we have a system of government that has been in place for over a thousand years and has flourished when applied to multiple solar systems .
i only kept it because it was out of place and caught my eye , matt remarked .
i removed your blood cells from their system to halt the metamorphosis , but too much had already taken place . ''
her path settled into place .
a limousine approaches appearing oddly out of place in the decaying mess that became this tattered community .
he insisted i assure you all is in place and you will be for den - var immediately .
a moment later , though , the soothing quality was marred by the sound of stardens car revving into place behind my car .
i resisted his attempt of overpowering me , though , my feet firmly planted in place as i stood my ground .
i stepped in behind the hanging man and held him in place so that he could not writhe .
there was a telling weariness to her , though , a bone - deep fatigue that was out of place so early in the morning .
i had everything i needed in place at the fbi to access their criminal databases and other confidential information when i needed .
not sure how far the governor would go he was putting into place plans for her arrest for treason and suspending of congress for a while .
her chest felt as though it was being bruised , and her rib cage was being squashed by the thing 's arm as it held her in place , grappling the back of it 's head with it 's hand and keeping yin from falling in the process .
she was almost ten , but they decided the best place for her in a regular school was mr . bittners second grade class , which seemed to be filled with kids who were , for one reason or the other , a little slower than their peers .
wasserman clamped his good hand around her and held her in place .
his small eyes skewer me for a moment longer before he settles into place again , shuffling forward beneath the glare of the fluorescent lights .
i let it settle into place .
something seemed oddly out of place , and he puzzled over it for a few seconds before his mind told him what it was .
an out of place hitch in his voice has my hands following the silhouette of his body until i find his face .
i widened my eyes at him , and slapped both of my palms down hard on the table leading it to shake , but he only reacted by making sure his other papers were still in place .
the barbecues are all in place , ready to be fired !
it was out of place , cheap - looking , like the things you used to get from omar the mystic a kids serial harvey could have pulled in from the thirties that night by sending in ten box - tops of kelloggs corn flakes plus twenty - nine cents .
the infrastructure is already in place , and it can serve as a useful outpost .
kerri had a feeling that strange events were taking place around her , but readjusted her thoughts and doubts .
on the contrary , i believe that provided the appropriate controls are put in place this little experiment can be of great benefit to us .
when she arrived , saan had seen the stitch slip dastou put on the ground , so she already figured out what took place : an ambush and a reprisal .
` ` your hiding place does not work !
their problems had been my problems , and i wanted to put into place the solutions that would help them most .
when everything was in place , i stopped to watch as a group of five men came down the drive into the parking lot .
in the mere seconds it took me to get to there , i had already thought of several very bad scenarios that might have taken place .
~~~ by the time morning came , i had about three hours of sleep , and i was running on fear ; fear that i would nt get things in place in time to save these people , fear that i might not be able to keep my promise to bailey .
fear filled his eyes , and i could tell he was about to make a ruckus , but roberts quickly threw a gloved hand around his mouth and held him in place .
as good as place as any never held truer words .
i think that some protocols have to be in place to decide which stock orders to handle first .
well , those are in place so that the existing members can get to know more about you .
though i am also confused about how your father will get hurt with all the measures we ve put in place , i do know that we have done all we know to do to insure his safety , he continued .
seeing the looks on carols face and the faces of the others , he sized up immediately what was about to take place .
the summons to his office and the sudden faint glow and tingle of the scrambler field was indication enough that something unusual was taking place .
she admitted that she was all for it and had given orders for the arrangements to take place , but she said that the idea for the birthday party had been suggested to her by tamwile elar .
suppose all took place exactly as arkady said it did ; that the nest of second foundationers was discovered , and that they were disposed of .
-bene gesserit private reports / folio 800881 ` ` they have him securely in a safe place , '' namri said , smiling across the square stone room at gurney halleck .
recognition widened the man 's eyes as he struggled to breathe while caillen held him in place with his forearm over his throat .
testing his teeth with his tongue to make sure they were all still in place , darling forced himself to play docile and not give in to the need to strike back .
` ` our people selling the immunes could certainly plant the device once they 're inside , but it would be a lot easier if it was in place when we arrive .
but i anticipated this outcome and put into place an alternate solution , to save at least a portion of our race .
my cover story was sliding into place perfectly .
i ' m wearing a small brace now to keep them in place while they heal - and that could take a while .
her eyes were creepily out of place in that innocent face , heavy with knowledge and all the burdens that come with it .
that was good , since the plan she and her brothers had concocted had contained no place for her bringing along a lady - in - waiting or nurse .
there was no need to pluck it from its hiding place in walter 's mind , after all .
at the same instant , the shining wire coming out of the baby 's mouth disappeared and walter felt the suffocating band which had been holding him in place disappear .
not the dim blue lanterns that might never have revealed my hiding place here , buried under all this blackness , but the sharp yellow lances of flashlights .
` ` so the tag was probably in place for a while , ever since the animal was young , '' gelman said .
she waited until the stereotaxic mechanism was in place and the coordinates were determined .
the very furniture seemed alive for one perilous instant , as if the small curved chairs were watching her , as if the bookcases with their glass doors had heard her vague challenge , and would bear witness to whatever took place .
an accident will take place ; the three of them -four , if you include the fetus - will be killed . ''
the creatures ceased to be palmer eldritch ; the change took place before him .
i do n't know if the process has been completed , but i suspect not , because the femoral artery taps are still in place .
she could n't help thinking that the woodsman was even more out of place in t'telir than she was , but he did n't seem to attract any attention .
the doorman regarded us with curiosity but neither he nor anyone else made a move to interfere or help or inquire as to what was taking place .
i closed my eyes for a moment , lowered certain mental defenses i 'd held in place for a considerable while , and cast a thought into the vaults of my mind : take a memo .
maybe we could put precautions in place , something to stop this ... ` ` but she said not to touch anything . ''
and what safer place was there for lucky the fox than the scene of his most recent crime ?
but the most secure place is in the cellar , beneath the stones in the middle of the floor .
i reached inside my coat to make sure that my ticket home to montreal was in place .
the grendel rose to its feet , lips curled in menace , and slunk toward her hiding place .
he had raised his head too soon from their shared hiding place in a roadside drainage ditch .
standing in place , he glanced at her , then back to the floor .
beyond his hiding place , the night around him is a complex weave of scent trails , echoing sounds , and movement .
the data is already in place ... let me plot in the algorithm . ''
he tried to imagine how it would feel , living someplace like cioran where everything was kept exactly in place , everyone was watched and monitored , and order was enforced with a false politeness that only barely stretched enough to mask the threat of violence .
everything she needed was in place , except for one thing .
but in the hidden chamber beyond the hall of dread i will disguise further details regarding the hiding places of two of the artifacts .
i thought , maybe if there were something more formal in place ... '' he scowled , as if remembering who he was talking to , and tromped forward at a faster pace to get away from kaladin .
` ` i am sure these men are well aware of the importance of this wedding ceremony , and the global repercussions that could follow should anything prevent this marriage from taking place .
mary heard my laughter because it was out of place with the rest of it - an echo too remote from the original sound .
' let 's have it all in place before we make any overt moves , sarabian , ' ehlana counseled .
' everything 's in place , my emperor .
it 's completely out of place with those clothes .
all sorts of inconvenient votes could take place . '
now , you want to be certain that your foot 's firmly in place in the stirrup before you mount .
i talked it over with him , and we sort of agreed that the safest place for them will probably be around on the backside of those hills where padan 's building his fort .
yes ... if he lies , if it is my tale against his , and lord nestor looks in my eyes and sees how scared i am ... '' ` ` a touch of fear will not be out of place , alayne .
once he had been lowered into place , they covered him with warm furs .
if they 're in place , then that means tess is in place too .
thomas goes to work on him , and after a while , the other soldier in the room has to join him to hold the spy in place .
` ` everything is in place , iparis , '' the commander replies .
i reminded her that her side has been in place since i was an infant .
jake congratulations and relieves that his heavenly pal is alive and unharmed as the snakes upright and loudly hiss while the teens sit back in place on the floor .
` ` those traditions were put in place by our forebears for sound scientific reasons . ''
though griffin did not understand everything that had taken place in the short time since he d said goodbye to his sister , he did grasp the finality of this parting .
professor showden was now secured in place sitting against a solid heavy table leg , with his face bloodied and some teeth noticeably missing .
he looked at her doubtfully at first , as if he were wondering whether to trust her or not , wondering if a change had taken place in her since her order to drop him if he continued to endanger them .
she planned to take her mothers place in the fields while hansel talked of heading to the quarry with their father .
i was hoping that my dress stayed in place and i did nt step on his feet while we were dancing with these heels on or that i did nt fall flat on my face .
dad , i say , making sure all my weapons are in place .
she fought to be free but was held in place .
stumbling inside , i scanned the desk for a package or something out of place on my bed .
she was still pondering over what had just happened , her mind spinning as she tried to comprehend everything that had taken place in that short amount of time .
the video moved in closer and i could see an arm emerge from the side of the frame to hold the man back , with two doctors now holding him in place .
there was no chance faye would be at wills place .
here , garys hat was slightly out of place as he pointed at a brick house .
i checked to make sure all my knives were in place before i left in case i needed to threaten joseph .
rhapsody felt some embarrassing things take place in her body as capellas crystal blue eyes stared into her own green eyes .
jack did n't know exactly what happened , but he knew something major had to have taken place to lure the excitable teen away from his station .
with his thinning brown hair combed neatly into place , and his blue button - up shirt free of wrinkles , he looked like a normal suburban dad .
now outside the doors to the police station , she checked her reflection in the glass with the remaining rays of the setting sun ; hair in place , make up did nt look smudged and her clothes were decent .
this was not the right place nor times to open such a subject .
it made her fearful that such things had to be done and she wondered what kind of awful creatures lived below in order for such precautions to be put into place .
he managed to hold her in place while the boys started to tie her up with a rope that they had brought with them .
since everything had taken place , john was still nicks caretaker , and their relationship was a little icy from what i had been told by taylor when she had asked the guys .
and waving her hand up in the air , like she s deliberately drawing my attention to the fact that all her fingers are securely back in place .
millie held her breath , not wanting to give away their hiding place as bowregards knee rested on the floor five inches from her face .
these rules have been in place for a long time to protect us .
i feel like something important has just taken place .
we had nt gotten back to the ripping - each - others - clothes - off place of that night at the party , but honestly it was nicer this way .
alfie squeezed his eyes shut and waited for the hand of mr nicholls to grab him and pull him from his hiding place .
i remembered avalons expensive black suit and tie and cringed to think how out of place i would look upon arrival at the citadel .
a loud crashing sound resounded into the crisp , frozen night and i shuddered from all the possibilities that could be taking place inside .
i looked myself over in my mirror , deciding that everything was in place and then returned the concealer to its hiding place .
i lift the lid and quickly replace the binoculars into the tool box where they re usually stored since i do nt want daddy or any of the farm workers noticing the work item is out of place because some one might get the idea that i was spying at the cute sons in the actworth manor on the patio that corners our farm which is the only viewing access from a naked pair of eyeballs .
shirtless guys and bikini - clad girls mill around the place , and the floor , covered with sticky soda and sand , glues my flip - flops into place .
ill place you in the females only room on the third floor .
tims childish baby face could nt have been more out of place holding all that paraphernalia in his lap .
she wants the basic necessities done quickly because she knows psi - tech will attack once they find out what s going on if protection is nt set in place , jeremy said .
but the force of aiilyns hand holding me in place was undeniable , and i knew , with whatever part of me that was mulishly holding onto my mental faculties , that if i struggled she would only make it worse .
i reached out for the madness and the ilyn disguise snapped into place around me .
kay settled into place , her eyes seeking , evaluating , watching for the slightest indication of what was going on .
not that it did nt affect him , but his control remained firmly in place at all times .
she was smiling at something someone said , but there was something in her eyes , something out of place .
being a city person , she seemed as skittish and out of place here in the middle of nowhere as a horse in a henhouse .
one of them laughed , the lightness ringing in the hallway , out of place and strange .
suddenly it all fell into place for malin .
she was surprised , for she had longed for a safe place , a warm place for her heart .
as i said before , the money must be in place , as well as the other things we discussed .
i jerk my hand from the side of the teacup holding the teacup in place under the rock then pull on the teaspoon .
after a few more attempts , the finger sealed into place .
everything was put into place for a year long campaign .
his heart pounded in his chest like a sledgehammer , and he feared it would betray his hiding place .
i jolted back into place and kept myself busy .
the funny thing isthe magical thing is , that when you intend to have something happen , and you let others know about it , and you start working toward it yourselfthings start happening , things fall into place to help you .
veronica glowers at barbie as if everything shed feared might go wrong has all just taken place in less than a minute .
his hair , too , was out of place black and waxed to perfection in an old - fashioned side parting .
i guess they were right in this situation our parents were putting us in a place where we could survive this madness that has been encircling everything around us .
i can feel each cell shifting into place , the cut on my chest and the gash in my hand closing .
and really , why delay when it would be such an auspicious start to the marriage for it to take place on the feast day of st . valentine , celebrated in so much of the world as a patron saint of love .
in the background was another , younger nigerian man with a warm , friendly feel to him as well , but he felt out of place in his village clothes , and he was just trying to stay out of the way .
and the resources necessary to begin are in place .
i remember fumbling with the harness that held johnathon in place , freeing his arms and yelling at him to open his eyes , to get himself out .
so she organized the lineup of presenters for harvest festival day including poncey put in place a decorating committee , had programs printed up for the assembly that night , and everything was arranged .
if the group deems it is indeed serious , and at this possibility teddie could see the distress in her mothers eyes , then lhatu has people in place to respond instantly .
she wants to get up and run , but doug and irene break the silence with harmonious prayers , and their words keep her in place .
they would make certain that no further mishaps could take place .
and secrecy , added weaver , until we are ready to launch the idea on an unsuspecting world , by which time all the plans must be in place for constitutional talks , referenda , elections and the rest of it .
the planning of all that will have to be carried out by the minimum number of the most highly trustworthy officials while we deal with the terrorists , so that the political solution can be put in place immediately there is seen , by all the parties concerned , to be a chance of lasting peace .
everything is in place , sir .
plans need to be in place before then .
if you 'd like to see the operation taking place '' ` ` yes , please , '' lavina whispered and steve felt her hand squeeze his as they followed the nurse up a small set of stairs to a long narrow observation deck .
you can take my information and blow it up from the inside out , or if that s not possible , ill tell you right now i ve put in place a vehicle for this to go public .
hurrying to the table , i could see that a change was taking place in obrien .
she was as much out of place here as these homespun churchgoers would have been at a cocktail party .
indeed , there was only one thing about dominick farhas polished appearance which looked slightly out of place that morning .
my team are already in place ; they ll witness the transaction then the moment its done , we 'll move in and apprehend them all .
he d confirmed that henrys package from riyadh was in place .
he pressed down mercilessly , strangling me while his other hand pushed against my shoulder , holding me in place .
i stared a second before the face clicked into place .
for matsuo noda now , everything was in place ; he was at last ready to pursue a lifelong dream .
the money was in place he was now richand they were packing to leave .
pruett had seen men in the clutches of such terror , confusion , and outright helplessness before in war , and it sickened him to think how well the vision of the man trembling in place summed up the awfulness and disregard for human life represented by what had transpired there that afternoon .
if the original plan was still in place and someone took jamie , then the alpha should be around the house somewhere .
the men nodded and started to drag joshua away , as he scrambled to hold himself in place .
it would be better safe than sorry to ensure his locks were in place if nothing else .
once she was comfortably in place , a pink energy bubble appeared completely surrounding her .
reflective sunglasses disguise his blood shot eyes and there are quiet whispers of how his light brown , un - tailored suit is more than out of place .
` ` they do n't know that i know about the shipment coming in , but usually i would have been told , so i could get my cholos in place , pick up our cut of the bag .
it should not be necessary to use very many needles and they will not remain in place for very long .
the hrt team had to be in place by now .
i placed my ear against her door , paranoid that two scenarios could take place : the first scenario was if grace suddenly opened the door and could see that i had been eavesdropping .
the court 's primary concern is for chelsea , and eleanor 's proposal may well be sufficient to demonstrate that the best place for her is in new york . '
at least the weather was cold , so it did n't look out of place .
the routine falls into place and carolina is extremely happy to have him in her life .
i made to move my wrist away , but she grabbed it and held it in place .
chapter three he could hear the phone quietly ringing somewhere in the distance , the ring tone was beethovens ninth symphony , a fitting tune for the warm comfortable place he had found himself on the sand too watch the waves crash on the beach .
trying to move she immediately felt the bonds that were holding her tightly in place .
sterrett , obviously , did not possess this trait and it would likely get him back within these walls at least one more time before he decided the edge was nt exactly the place for him .
secondly , it still remains possible that this virus has cropped up somewhere else before and its just a matter of identifying the microbe and putting in place the proper control measures .
plans were in place , events were underway .
my team of animal control officers are going to stay in place until everything is back to normal .
something had taken place and he needed to trust it .
she would be unaware of what was about to take place .
the customers , at the cashiers ' windows , at the loan desk , preparing deposits , all straightened up in place , faces slack with fear , hands rising uncertainly .
during one of his lucid moments , he made a call ; put the contract in place .
two quick tones a few heartbeats later let her know her steps were in place .
the only thing even vaguely out of place was a small brown feather on the windowsill .
i put it in my pocket , but it being so big , it felt thoroughly out of place .
she seemed so chinese and yet so out of place .
here a more typical barracks situation is in place , and everything about the operation ratchets up a notch or two in gravity .
peeping on her , once , he had tripped on his shoe strings , giving away his hiding place between the honeysuckle vine and her bedroom window , four houses down from his own .
once he knew everything was in place , he whispered in her ear .
before their pursuers drew abreast of their hiding place , the sergeant tugged the priest deeper into the gloom .
we have everything in place , should they succeed .
in her trim silk business suit and stiletto heels , caulder raines looked as out of place in the run - down cafe as she would have at a demolition derby .
the weapons , the ammo , the agents they ' ve secretly moved into the rebel states , all are in place and ready . ''
for a single moment in time she was transported back in time , back in place .
the expansion plans are in place ... .. '' but eischmann interrupted again and guido 's pig - like eyes widened .
a penance must be put in place at carver when our job there is done .
ok love , everything will be in place and i will even book an appointment for you with the lawyer she sounded determined to help out .
a quick downward snapshot revealed nothing too out of place with his shirt and tie .
she set her jaws and tugged the diaper into place and held it there with her crippled hand and manipulated the safety pin with the good one .
eric and i decided to have a bite to eat here , since the huge bandage on my finger probably would have looked slightly out of place at the chic italian restaurant where he d made reservations where he canceled reservations .
he could nt believe it ; he had done it.he took one last look back at his cell in the dim light and confidently smiled seeing everything in place .
the pencil with which he was doodling seemed lost and out of place in his huge , hairy hand .
but hell be in place in case we need some assistance .
the place were going tomorrow is not so nice .
before stepping into the stream of water , i carefully regarded my hairstyle , noted where it was parted , how it laid at just such and angle , then got frustrated , shut the shower off , decided i d keep it in place for at least one night outalready it was made a little bit lumpy from how my head had slipped against the train window , the seatback .
the collision jarred judith 's jaw , but the airbags and the seatbelt kept her in place .
serious east coast style , a little out of place on the west coast and seriously out of place in a denny 's on the west coast .
then he sat down on the stone doorstep , and , his eyes never leaving the box , he tore at oberhauser 's smoked sausage with his strong teeth and thought about getting his fifty thousand pounds - for that was the figure he put it at - down the mountain and into a new hiding place .
gold is difficult stuff to smuggle , certainly in the quantity available to major smythe , and it was now essential to get his two bars across the channel and into a new hiding place .
the team was in place : dr . vance , another resident , an anesthesiologist , two scrub nurses , and a circulating nurse .
a subtle change had taken place in their faces .
his beige neiman marcus suit was wrinkled , gucci tie out of place , the italian loafers scuffed and dirty .
a campus policeman watched him carefully and kept him in place .
the doctors drained off several gallons of fluid , and the hospital asked annette to find another place for him .
in his sights was the chinese peasant woman he had seen earlier from his hiding place in the stairwell .
in seconds , a minor riot was taking place in front of napoleon 's statue , the screams reaching a rapid crescendo as everyone in the crowd tried to locate the thief and his stolen property in the shadows .
` ` the setup 's in place , but we wo n't know until we try .
the governments will be paralyzed , for it will take days , perhaps weeks , before the toxins are analyzed , and weeks after that before countermeasures are in place .
to him , it seemed as out of place as a dolce and gabbana suit on a homeless man .
his senses were on high alert - something was wrong , out of place , but he could not figure out what it was .
instead he had prepared his bedroom for the inevitable , and he was willing - content even - to remain in place until the enemy showed his face .
' you keep your weapon in place unless you 're threatened .
delta watched , instinctively knowing what the commando would do , knowing , too , that his diversion was about to take place .
there was no place else for him . '
i was in place before the news of teagarten .
ever since the golden age of terrorism in the early 1980s , plans have been in place to deal not only with aerial hijackers carrying explosives but with those armed with chemical - biological weapons .
sitting firmly in place , fink answered , ` ` he 's in new orleans , your honor .
he looked at the receiver , then put it in place .
everything is in place , the record written .
the president once again said everything in general terms and nothing specific - except in one area : until all proper security measures are in place i have asked congressman kendrick , a man we are all so proud of , to remain in protective seclusion .
when the lawyers and spectators were in place , judge loopus told a bailiff , ` ` bring 'em in . ''
the most devastating piece of the puzzle was in place , the quantum jump explained .
we 're legally immaculate , free to continue until everything 's in place .
` ` we need to talk , '' she says abruptly , the first - ever hint that something might be out of place .
the man had been in the vicinity of the hotel st . gotthard ; later , he 'd followed ben in a green audi ; now he was here , looking decidedly out of place .
the staring , filmy gray eyes looked startlingly out of place two large marbles left on a slick blacktop by a careless child .
the bellman had seen roger 's body ; the normal procedure , in russia or america or anywhere else , was for the authorities to secure the scene of the presumed crime , investigate in place .
he felt for the package of documents inside the jacket ; the stiff crinkle of the cellophane told him they were still in place .
and then tate is there at a party one night , and just as simple , he 's mine ; slipping into the place i had waiting for him .
but his trust in tucker and his training were holding him in place .
once my outfit 's in place , i reach under the seat of the car and grab the duffel bag i keep hidden there .
whoever - whatever - this sage had been , the safest place for his body was at the bottom of the sea .
it was a mohawk woman - a beautiful mohawk woman , who , despite the fact that she was chained in place wore a proud , defiant expression and sat straight , in marked contrast to the redcoat who sat beside her driving , whose shoulders were hunched and who had a long - stemmed pipe in his mouth .
i looked at angie , saw the same process taking place in her .
one sudden and desolating change had taken place ; but a thousand little circumstances might have by degrees worked other alterations , which , although they were done more tranquilly , might not be the less decisive .
a change indeed had taken place in me : my health , which had hitherto declined , was now much restored ; and my spirits , when unchecked by the memory of my unhappy promise , rose proportionably .
nothing could be more complete than the alteration that had taken place in my feelings since the night of the appearance of the daemon .
carolyn cried out and nearly reared up off his lap , but the hand at her hip held her in place as the fingers of his other hand slid over her slick flesh , and then pushed up into her .
with baggage in place and alexia , madame lefoux , and floote safely ensconced within , they drove some ten miles or so to a station where they caught the mail train on its six - hour journey to paris , via amiens .
his gun and machete were in place , but he had ditched the stakes in the tunnels before going topside .
she struggled more , inhaling and exhaling frantically as teren held her in place against his chest .
his mask slipped into place , his friendly smile .
the audience was electric with intensity , yet every carpathian 's attention was on the scene taking place between the male and female .
she sent her mind seeking into the forest , the sky , calling on the aid of the animals in the general vicinity , needing information , an impression of a hiding place nearby .
i do n't think mr . ivan is much of a threat , but i want to take a look around and make certain everything is in place for their upcoming official visit , '' stefan reassured her .
he wanted to hold her in his arms and let her cry , if that was what she needed to help her face what had taken place within her body .
solange would have backed away from him if he had n't held her in place .
the strange things taking place in his body and mind were n't real , no matter how good the illusion was , but he closed his eyes and savored the hot lick of need rushing through his veins .
he moved around behind her so that he could hold her in place while he tried to force the gun into her hand .
` ` let 's make sure that plane is grounded and everyone is in place , '' he said .
until he had all the answers , until his plans were in place and ready to be acted upon , the rest was his to bear .
cole and his team were already in place and investigating by the time i pulled up .
he held her in place beneath his body , so that her stiff n**ples raked along his sweating chest , so that the root of his erection ground her cl*t with his every thrust .
when she reached for the thumb drive , oliver 's pale , strong hand slapped down over it , and over her fingers , holding her in place .
their eyes were wide , their noses were running , and they kept wrestling against the ties that held them in place .
` ` the best place for you now is with us , where the breed will protect you as one of our own .
` ` there is no other place for you right now . ''
her hands were shaking so badly , her hellren had to place the young against her heart ... but she held her newborn daughter in place all by herself .
` ` oh ... fuck ... '' with a desperate curse , he locked his hand on hers , holding her palm in place at his hips , obviously trying to refocus .
as the head vet strode down to them , his tuxedo was as out of place as a pitchfork in an opera box .
the best place for you is in the darkhavens , elise .
` ` lord bless you , sir , dressing up as washerwomen is for gettin ' out of places !
` ` everything is in place , sire .
she was morphing into something she did n't quite understand -- more and more every day -- but she was growing less afraid of the changes taking place within her .
yet her carnally red lips seemed out of place on her finely - boned face , more suited to a siren .
at last she felt the world start to settle into place around her .
no , this is not going to take place , i reasoned .
she tucked it under her left arm and somehow willed herself up from her place in the mud : boosting off with her right leg and catching herself on the crutch so that she scarcely had to touch her left foot to the ground .
still holding jack in place , elena stepped forward and jammed the needle into jack 's neck .
we need a hiding place for you ... a third cabin , booked under a name which is in no way connected with either one of us .
` ` i am going to transfer control now , '' he told mr . crepsley and me when all the spiders were in place .
his calm demeanor might have been slightly shaken , although not a hair was out of place .
everything is in place , and has been for a long time .
once everything was in place , fabien dismissed the attendant and sent the guard back to his post outside .
i forced myself to straighten as i checked that my complexion charm was in place .
a wig cut to resemble the youthful , carefully crafted parted - on - the - left hair of a politician rested on his head , as out of place as a napping dove .
but your wounds have stopped bleeding ... '' he let his voice trail off and the old guy just kept holding me and patting me and keeping my poor , broken jaw in place , and we sat like that until the police swarmed into the room ... . * * * it was late .
she fiddled with her reins , wanting to snap them and flee this conversation on horseback , but she let the hard truth hold her in place .
one of the giants stepped forward and put a restraining hand on jake 's shoulder , holding him in place .
that the fire elemental or one of her men had finally found her , despite the hiding place that i 'd put her in , the spot where i 'd told her to wait for me while i 'd gone back inside our smoldering mansion to lead all the bad guys away from her .
i might not need him to be dead silent , but i needed to get the critter and myself in place before peaches started yapping again .
suddenly , bones plummeted down from his hiding place in one of the ceilings many crevasses .
in fact , nothing was out of place at all , unless you counted the lone , crumpled paper towel that someone had tossed at the trash can .
no hair is out of place , no button undone .
` ` the space is small , but you can hide in there , and once you 're in place , i will slip out and contact the princess .
it is very old and has been in place since this mansion has been in our possession .
while putting another load into the washer , she debated the wisdom of trying to leave the compound , but victor 's threat against her aunt kept her in place as surely as verah 's iron bars .
each stroke of his hands , each heated caress , carried her to a place where she had never been before , a place she hoped never to leave .
but when they arrived in the dirtiest , most dangerous part of westminster , where the crowds had already formed in anticipation of their sovereign 's unprecedented trip down their streets , victoria felt nothing out of place .
when i put it down again , it locked into place .
' she 's not lying - ' his placating lawyer - face sliding into place , he says , ' even if she 's not lying , per se , that does n't mean she 's right .
the hunchback then comes out and climbs into place beside them , and we rattle off into the night , toward the boston reformatory for stubborn boys .
` ` well , there are playin ' cards , and greetin ' cards , and place cards for parties ... '' aunt mercy rambled .
my face found its old hiding place in the crook of her shoulder .
my hand moved around to the back of her head , holding her in place against me .
there 's plenty of men who look slightly shady and there 's some women that would n't look out of place at mrs . bodeen 's , too .
my back arches , my chest lifting gently toward his and the longer his fingers move the more i feel my body urging to pull away , but he holds me in place .
something different is taking place between them and i ' m not sure i ' m believing what i ' m seeing .
i removed the bedspread while yohnny kept dov propped up ; just the sight of a sleeping place had drained all the red bull from his veins .
there was nowhere to lie down , but that did n't seem to bother him as he held me in place against the door with his hips , peeling my t - shirt off and unhooking my bra in front .
as he twisted , so did i , but his grip on my neck held me in place .
i tried to shake off his hand , but he held it steadily in place .
alex had run water through his hair and somehow had miraculously styled it into place .
he put his own hand over mine and held it in place .
at the threat , the old jai melted back into place and he shot her a warning look .
carmine felt completely out of place as he made his way to a large corner booth in the back .
but no matter what you might have heard , mr . solomon did n't put those protocols in place - the gallagher academy trustees did , a long , long time ago .
i heard the whining of gears and motors as the school 's security measures clicked into place , locking the closet , keeping whatever lay inside just out of reach .
hale snapped , and grabbed her ankle , held her in place so that she could n't move another inch .
speaking of will , i have to mentally hold my arm in place , to keep the trembling from turning it into a jackhammer .
here would be my chance to go , but something roots me in place .
my bad daughter hat is in place again , but i ca n't help it .
he holds my foot in place and leans forward .
henri presses a rag to her arm and she holds it in place .
the puncture wound turns from red and white back to the color of her skin ; and i can see the jagged contours of her broken bone move and shift within her leg , setting itself back in place .
fear gripped my heart and i suddenly realized - there was no place for me on the evacuation ship .
if we actually had time alone and we were n't interrupted and stuff fell into place ... stuff fell into place ?
everything had fallen into place just like i planned , just like i paid for . ''
my jaw almost drops , and i have to clench my teeth to keep it in place .
the moment i ease into place , the battle for control over my body kicks into gear .
all of it takes place at the same time as our mouths move not nearly fast enough .
one freak brushed past , fearfully close to our hiding place in the bushes , gnawing on what looked like a human arm .
no one in my family knew that i knew its hiding place , or you can bet all hell would have broken loose .
his hands are in place around my waist and my feet are now firmly on the ground but my heart is pounding so fast i ' m certain he can hear it .
then he would return it to its hiding place beneath the bucket of coins .
the officer concluded that , under the circumstances , finding that dog was as good a place as any to start .
i remembered avalon 's expensive black suit and tie and cringed to think how out of place i would look upon arrival at the citadel ... . if i could find it .
i inquired , mentally cementing my feet in place so they would n't take the step towards her they were dying to take .
i try to tip my head to the side to look at him , but one of his hands cups the side of my neck and he secures me in place .
` ` besides , is n't it your gender 's general opinion that my gender 's proper place is to be barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen ? ''
one corner of her mouth lifted before sagging back into place .
once they 're all in place , starkey steps forward to address them .
apparently , general wellesley felt it best that she stay in place for the time being , but rest assured , mr . fletcher , that should the situation change , we will bend every effort to bring her out .
there was n't a crack in her cheer , not a scruple out of place in her expression .
at the moment of contact , the rest of me slid into place as though pulled on a tether .
the officer who stood at the back door grabbed me and held me in place .
but now he 'd fully extracted her from their hiding place behind the knuckled oak tree that stands across the street from where they ' ve parked .
she barely registered the pain - if only because the moment her fae senses snapped into place , she had to shove a hand against her own mouth to keep from retching .
so i stay in place , even when i hear the roar of a car 's engine .
then he seems to remember who he 's talking to , because he says , ` ` there 's no place for you on the beach , now , puck connolly .
i was following my dad into our suspiciously dark living room as he muttered things like ` ` what a shame we did n't plan anything for your birthday '' and ` ` oh well , there 's always next year , '' when all the lights flooded on to reveal streamers , balloons , and a motley assortment of aunts , uncles , cousins i rarely spoke to - anyone my mother could cajole into attending - and ricky , whom i was surprised to see lingering near the punch bowl , looking comically out of place in a studded leather jacket .
as it leapt , its chain rattled terribly and the metal stake rooting the monster in place wobbled and shook , so that for one horrible second liza thought it would be lifted clear out of the ground , and the three - headed dog would be free .
plans were in place and equipment was arriving to set up a temporary power plant .
if anyone thought their battle - hardened surgeon 's tears were out of place , they kept their thought to themselves .
what i do for nasa involves exploring the possibility of a future lunar station , and though that would not come to fruition for quite some time , the process is in place to work out the details of how it could .
her bright red lips were distinctly out of place with the rest of her appearance .
from his new hiding place behind a tree haleton knew crompton did nt like what he saw .
though she tumbled a little down the rocks , her shoes sliding and scampering wildly against the rough stone , i finally managed to secure her in place , somehow wrapping my arms around her waist , even though i dangled half over the railing myself .
as he told the king , he had not seen his wife since her liberation ; he was ignorant of the change that had taken place in her with respect to the cardinal -- a change which had since been strengthened by two or three visits from the countess de rochefort , who had become the best friend of bonacieux , and had persuaded her , without much trouble , was putting her house in order , the furniture of which she had found mostly broken and her closets nearly empty -- justice not being one of the three things which queen solomyn names as leaving no traces of their passage .
' the day after my return to lille , my sister in her turn succeeded in making her escape ; i was accused of complicity , and was condemned to remain in her place till she should be again a prisoner .
once production is in place and we really get rolling , do you realize how rich well all be ?
they had risen quickly from their hiding place , uncomfortable as it was , and were eager to put as much distance between them and the mountains as was possible while still crossing through them .
the social order was put in place by the lord for the very reason we 're all here tonight .
some were to remain and hold the townspeople in place .
the joyous event was set to take place in one phase , and there was nothing i could do to stop it .
when we got back to kials place i slammed the box on his desk .
with the eddy already in place any delay could prove fatal he looked casually around ; all it wanted now was for someone to ask for their non- existent papers .
the carriage is the proper place for a daughter of mine .
but i did n't know exactly what it was i only knew it we to keep my bones on place till it go n get fixed back to it original positions .
everything must be in place by then .
the capitals moving slow with putting a police force in place and some people say its because its a predominately black area but i think they just do nt wan na spend the money .
but his shiny black boots poked out and gave notice of his hiding place .
they had been told the slums would be a good place to find information but so far today all they had heard was of a smartly dressed man looking very out of place in st . giles .
johnny joe williams slid into place riding on the other side of willy boy .
if there is any certainty in this reality , its that there are stitches out of place , the fabric of our world is frayed , and the flaws are becoming more visible as the dress ages .
` ` the best place for the little man is back at the hotel . ''
he tucked the stone into place near the top of the flask .
before she has a chance to react he gently holds her head in place with his right hand on her right cheek and gives her a warm kiss on the opposite cheek .
when all was in place , they too would go landside in shifts , perhaps seeing him there , perhaps not .
she so desperately wanted to climb the parapets and peer over the wall to observe how the enemy was faring , but recalling her matronly duty to angelina , she reluctantly decided to return to her hiding place within the chapel .
charles lafferty was the youngest , no more than five years my senior and as out of place in leavenworth as i had been in new york .
it all just kind of settled into place years ago while i adjusted to life .
but if we are going to go in search of the rest of the key , its as good a place as any to start .
for a week , buga put preparations into place , gathered the appropriate reagents and magical items .
all around them the earth quaked , but tom was only dimly aware of what was taking place .
but he stayed in place , seeing himself grab silvers by the collar and throw his head into the wall , demanding more money .
remember marcos said you must personally meet the name owner before anything can take place !
hto , standing in place , watches udgd walk out of the guildhall and turns to firi .
everyones in place , the man said .
my body felt weird and out of place for a second .
you made my personal plans fall nicely into place , yesterday .
this time his hands clamped her upper arms tight , holding her in place .
hapnu and advon rushed over and seized her , holding her in place .
finally all was in place , even gemma was there with her sister marge minding the kids and wearing formal white nurses uniforms .
a gurney is wheeled in , lowered and he 's shifted onto it and strapped in place .
your plans fall into place like all the other players were marionettes : their actions dependent on your pull of the strings .
bluebeard ducked and heard a scream from somewhere in front of him ; he could not see who had uttered it from his safe hiding place behind the suit of armour , but he was almost certain it had been the shrill cry of pain of princess alice .
following his own high standards of etiquette , he was thankful but remained in place until his host arrived .
he did not struggle as he was locked in place , but he did not assist his jailer either .
the blood - wizard had expended a great deal of energy covering his departure so that he could not be traced back to his hiding place .
the bright white bones and beads looked out of place against the purple bruises and black blood .
i had known strange alterations to take place in men after receiving a strong blow to the head , almost strong enough to cause death .
be assured , they will be kept safe in my private apartments until a worthier place is found for them .
even as i scanned the booth , i realized that something was strange , something was out of place .
zabalas pointed his blade in the direction of a creature with a headdress upon its rotting head that appeared quite out of place .
if anything , his normal leg seemed out of place with the extra friction it caused .
it took her nearly two months after she received word that everything was in place to build up her courage and risk the escape .
from her hiding place behind a stack of barrels , she hears the scraping of stone on stone and the footsteps of the attendant descending the stairs .
we should shift our hiding place to a room in the secret passage that connects the fourth level with the caverns deep in the volcano .
from their hiding place in the fissure , the conspirators watch the white wraiths return to the city .
she knew she had no control over what was taking place , and she felt a thrilling sensation .
ethans caregiver was nt happy with the conditions of her employment , and that was a good place to start .
not a hair will be out of place , i assure you .
dardan took it from there , convincing his father that some hiding place must be prepared .
when charmaca comprehended what was taking place , he knew that his foremost attack on israel had been , at least to some significant degree , thwarted , and , as he spurred his horse on to carry him quickly to the front lines , his mind was engulfed in fury .
we must see the affairs of the kingdom set in place first , said azonis .
i heard footsteps running up behind us , but i was still being held in place by the stranger in front of me .
' we shall also put measures in place to ensure your safety ' , azadus continued , twirling his moustache .
her wards were in place , but this time , instead of allowing him to shame her again , she threw a ball of petulant energy at him .
i placed all the books onto a cart that had a sign written in bold letters : place books here do not return to shelves .
though she was shy , as she was just starting to become a woman , the shaman had jen remove her shirt and packed the concoction into the wounds upon both her chest and back , binding it in place with a long strip of cloth before allowing her to again adorn her clothing .
what needs to happen however is that instead of losing ourselves in euphoria , we must keep the strict measures into place thus breaking the cycle of extreme fluctuations .
a great change had taken place in him .
jorad stepped closer , pressing up against her , as his brothers grabbed her arms to hold her in place .
but something more : a power grown , enhanced to a point that none of their level would be able to control without help , and burgeoning in him completely out of place .
the papers were signed , five percent money in escrow , everything in place , waiting .
she gratefully accepted a sleeping place in one of the many empty rooms the castle boasted , far better accommodations than the stable or under a hedge which might otherwise fall to one of her lot .
the dove escaped out an open window and found the mans carriage in the stableyard , intent on finding some place to secret herself within that she might confront the man on the morrow about her perplexing fate .
i thought about all of the possible outcomes that could take place , which would involve my parents finding out that i had snuck out .
' knowing that we are as nothing before lord parganas , ' agonas continued , ' we therefore have fled our hiding place in the north , and we sue for peace and safety within your borders .
long before any of us were born to earth , god 's plan for our happiness was put in place so that we could become as god is and inherit a fullness of joy .
it is imperative that an adequate emergency savings be in place at all times throughout life .
fastillion was ready to intercede and since he was nt the object of her aggression , it was nt difficult for him to grab ahold of raining - sunshines wrist then keep her in place .
shelter in place until further notice .
the group approached the front desk , all feeling motley and out of place in the grand , cream - colored entryway with sumptuous leather coaches and marble floors .
i tried to move again , but the hands held firm , keeping me in place .
adelia somehow managed to root herself in place , only abruptly casting her gaze in the direction of her unexpected companion .
they are , and its up to us to see that the net is in place to catch their fall , because anchille , ahkmenotep , she gripped them both in her hands , they will invariably fall , each in their own way .
ronag and karissa felt as though a huge piece of themselves , which had been missing for years , had been fitted back into place .
he attempted to move his head but quickly gave up when his struggling against the overly sized cushions and dual straps that kept his head in place did nt move .
before theo could flee the room , the cords wrapped around theo and bound him in place , tightening around his chest and mouth so that he could not speak .
he settled a strong hand on her shoulder and anchored her in place .
i moved about seven feet from the end of the couch and sat down , adjusting the tan and gold pillows , smoothing my skirt in place .
` ` i 'll try to hurry the doctor and her techs and get it to you as soon as i can , but a print out of place is n't proof of murder .
a frown etched delicate lines between her inky brows , out of place on a kid her age .
a few seconds ago , the emts popped my shoulder back into place , and they 're trying to talk me into a trip to the er , but i knew jesse was on his way .
by sharp contrast , my red hair seemed out of place , like a whore selling her wares on the cathedral steps .
her first instinct was to hurl herself bodily at lady aquitaine , but at the last instant , she remembered the child still clinging to her back , and she forced herself to stand in place .
i know i should run , but i ' m bound in place , my feet no longer under my control .
` ` i should probably get back to max , '' she said , trying to move , but i held her in place .
a few neglected instincts were telling him that something was out of place , but he could n't work out what it was .
from their hiding place in the ruins of the construction camp , with the great pyramid still humming like a powerhouse behind them , they 'd had an excellent view of the arrival of the gods .
rhiannon opened her mouth to speak , but bercelak covered it with his hand while his other hand held her in place .
getting a strong grip on her wrists , he held her in place as he drove his painfully hard c*ck inside her .
everything was in place as i 'd been planning for years .
i was glaringly out of place sitting beside these six women who were so revered by the respectfully standing guests and their powerful husbands .
` ` that 's mature , '' i scolded at the exact time i sensed something out of place .
she shoved against his chest , but duke gripped her hips , holding her in place .
a woman had come in , and she was as out of place as a ming vase in the target housewares department .
i made a move to run , to jerk out of their grasp , but they held me in place , even the man with a chunk of his arm missing .
his hands closed on my upper arms , holding me in place against him .
he 's the best we have when it comes to tactical and strategic decisions , his staff are already in place , and his structure and methods are already established .
and even if we could , soon or late the lord of the rings would learn of its hiding place and would bend all his power towards it .
he had cultivated a look that appeared out of place , as if he were planning to attend a fine ball back in elendel rather than scrambling through a dead town in the roughs hunting a murderer .
after they d returned from attacking mathiass warehouse , bram had disclosed his hiding place to all the females in the house ... just in case .
in moments , sydney snapped into action , got into place , and began her transcast .
the goblins may do more torture , maiming , and rape than the sidhe , but they ' ve got more laws in place to protect the people who end up on the wrong end of the punishment .
not because you do n't want to , but because you 're chained in place .
the syrup around him gently , firmly , pulled him back precisely as he had been - back into place .
` ` quite a bruise , but the bones are holding in place , '' he said as he wrapped the ribs again .
if only ituralde had been able to persuade them to leave their hiding place in the city of maradon and come help .
she stayed in place , however .
` ` perhaps it was put in place months ago , before the battle began '' .
that turn nearly tossed him free , but he held himself in place with feet wedged and holding the reins even tighter .
he held me in place .
some paw the ground , eager to sink their fangs into us , but held in place out of fear of the dominant pack .
a few of the boats were torn to pieces by the werewolves while we were waiting for timas to open the doors of the compound , but most are intact and secured in place .
his eyelids flutter open as we 're settling him in place .
phil did n't look at all out of place in his tweed jacket and open shirt collar .
the compassion in her expression looked out of place , like she was trying on a tight pair of shoes she rarely wore .
he had such strong features that almost seemed out of place with his thick coat of stubble and dark , almost long hair .
a union of some sorts did eventually take place between the two families , but the news of agnes and georges wedding two weeks later in melbourne was of no consolation to the families involved .
our return flight does nt leave until six in the evening , anna said , clearly puzzled by what was taking place .
but arrangements are in place for julia and hiram to leave by train to rotterdam and england as soon as their visas are issued .
she recalled the sudden silence as the dragoons rode on , rounding up men and ponies , and she recalled crawling from her hiding place to the inert form of gerald , knowing the moment she bent over him that he was dead .
he had hoped to keep his angelic faade in place until christines position as sole diva had been firmly established , but he could nt think of anything to do but compromise his plans to protect christine .
instead , he stayed in place for two years equipped with false documents .
others found a safe place since anatosh zutzmans held them in the bathhouse of falian village .
not the cramped and filthy prison cell where he had been kept these last days ; that had been deemed by bronand accepted grudgingly by vortigernas no fit place for a man to sojourn before gifting the gods with his lifes blood .
when a place was found for the baby it was in a staff room with a table and chairs and a sink and small refrigerator .
he can arrange to have tynan arrested when he arrives in france , to hold him in place until the prisoners are released , sullivan said .
there is always place for a fisherman in the wide open sea , said peter tapping on the wooden bench .
he laid his head in prissys lap , closing his eyes , and pretending he was in his safe place under the porch .
to keep his youthful energies in place he was allocated the task of delivering two milk containers each day to the monastery from the farm on the mainland .
but charles is speaking the truth to me because he knows that if he is not and my precious judith comes to even a mite of harm , even the smallest scratch , i shall spend the rest of my days searching out his hiding place .
when gilbert gained access to the prisoners and released them he left them in a safe hiding place until orwell arrived to lead them to you and him .
it raced for the knowledge what would take place if she were his mistress , and it spiked in thinking that shed be nothing more .
keep it in place until the sister is finished attending you .
they will be introduced to the finer farming families , as mrs . billings phrased it , tomorrow at the cheshire agricultural society fair , where , it was added , an announcement of great importance would take place - no , not hewes ' engagement - but rather something to do with a distinguished guest visiting our village in the near future .
the guests of honor were soon to arrive , and nearly all the invitees in place - nearly all , that was , except noticeably the billings and the ellsworths .
there 's no place for ye here on the sultana , '' the captain explained .
as if by telepathy , everyone seemed to realize at the same instant that the stranger their leader was about to confront was not one of them and that something of great import was about to take place .
but he did , and curled his dark hair neatly into place , and put on the red tebenna with the gilded border , while she stared at him , as if he could never be fast enough , never clean enough .
as she tied the mask on , she whispered to kathleen , ` ` wo n't mr . dawson be out of place ?
all our men are in place and ready to act .
it has been difficult to fathom what has been taking place between him and philip .
so you did nt tell mr huatt the truth because you did nt want him to know about the hiding place in the cart ?
if this hiding place in your cart is so well concealed it may be that the treasure is still there and has nt been discovered .
well put forty or fifty men in the field , draw the loyalists out of their sanctuary and the rest of us will swoop down on them from our hiding place in the forest and slaughter the lot of them !
from their hiding place among the trees in the wooded area opposite rhuddlan , longsword and delamere watched haworth and his companions retreat to the river .
thankful , she pressed her curls into place and making sure she was heard with the click of her shoes , made her way to the office .
ambrose and the rest of the small band watched in some satisfaction from their hiding place on the island .
pirmin remained unconscious as the judge gave specific directions on how to pack straw around the arm and tie it in place .
all in place , morales said , now , on the common frequency .
luke realized this was the place he was going to die , lying on his stomach on the hard ground of a vampire lair as he asphyxiated to death .
sometimes i would notice something out of place from where i left it before but i just ignored it , blaming it on a crappy memory .
a woman can sense if something is out of place .
from his hiding place back inside the dining cell , peering around the door , florence knew with a growing dread that the ball of fire was headed directly for calixtus ; the father was its target .
a change indeed had taken place in me ; my health , which had hitherto declined , was now much restored ; and my spirits , when unchecked by the memory of my unhappy promise , rose proportionably .
at least steal him some his / her enthusiasm , and also use him / it when it seems out place .
and the escape plans for the pilots and directors ; i trust they are all in place ?
of course i recognized the wallet , but the other item momentarily stumped me because it was so out of place .
a lump formed on my head and my left hip felt slightly out of place .
it was that thought that disturbed him most , the thought of being pulled inside by the overhanging tentacles and then wrestled into place by the pliable skin , slowly suffocated like an ant in molasses .
he pinched the perfectly formed knot into place at his neck , grimacing into the mirror as he thought about how best to approach their monetary problem .
i was unable to move as though i had been tied in place .
her old self was back in place as if shed never left , making lucy wonder where the lucy shed been for the last six months had gone .
if only he could ve kept her in place until the paramedics arrived , but unfortunately the gunmen outside had left them no other option but to retreat .
he saw their teeth were blindingly white , out of place amid the dirt and torn clothing .
the fact that it was taking place in room 307 was a very positive thing , the old foreign doctor had told her .
once he made sure that all of danas security systems were in place and working , they felt she was ready to enjoy her home .
up until the rescue of his mother , he had to wait for their transformation to take place .
people can tell when a change has taken place , and a she fell into that category .
but indeed , utterson , i am very glad to see you ; this is really a great pleasure ; i would ask you and mr . enfield up , but the place is really not fit . ''
his face was so pallid that it seemed out of place on his lightly - tanned body .
with asher tied up nude , my little businessy skirt outfit looked so out of place , but jean - claude had a fix for that .
its time is now , its place is here , in this little maine town where baked bean church suppers are a weekly event , where small boys and girls still bring apples to their teachers , where the nature outings of the senior citizens ' club are religiously reported in the weekly paper .
you know it 's not , terry said from her cozy little place in der bitchen bunker .
he looked up at them , face frantic and miserable and still unable to comprehend the stupendous changes which had taken place in his life since he left the house to take in the last night of derry 's canal days festival with two of his buddies at seven - thirty the previous evening .
it kept its place on these low hills three hundred years ago , when the tea and stamp taxes were unthought of , paul revere and patrick henry unborn .
instead , that idiotic sentence ( his fists against the posts and still insists ) resurfaced , as strange and out of place as an easy chair on a battlefield , a record - player in a fireplace , a row of pencils protruding from a cement sidewalk .
i tried to lift my hand from olaf 's arm , but he kept his pressed over mine , holding me in place .
so if we are truly to be sidelined , then you must get a sniper in place with silver ammunition and take him out . ''
i had all my weapons in place and had stepped away from him , given myself a little room .
i stood in place , thinking to force evan to leave me , fighting against his gentle tugs .
from his hiding place in that dangerous forest , jack had seen the hideous white face in the window of the diligence change .
thad knew this as surely as he knew that stark had waited until the tap - and - trace equipment was in place to make his call .
the rimless glasses he wore looked strangely out of place , as spectacles always seem to look out of place on very big men .
wait and see if the preconditions for such a horrible future began to come into place .
when the casket was put in place it stood against a solid wall of blossoms and greenery , with other flowers lining the front porch because there was nt enough room for them inside .
if i discover evidence of criminal activity , i will , by then , have a plan in place , and i will instruct you as to how and where we can meet to make arrangements to have these persons prosecuted .
when i asked mr . fletcher about an employee retirement plan being in place , he answered in the affirmative .
i sat in place somewhat secure in the notion my accusers intended to limit their righteous indignation to mere name - calling .
everybody was in place for virgil to proceed .
in an attempt to throw them off , the bear rode through a pile of conveniently place boxes , sending cardboard flying everywhere .
thorp looked strangely out of place in the passenger seat .
he looked out of place , however , in his crisp , white dress - shirt and what appeared to be brand new dungarees .
the high priest was in place , although a bit wobbly .
from her hiding place in the shadows , ella 's heart missed a beat as her lover waved at the new arrivals and they both smiled back at him .
my stomach heaved at the thought of that day -- specifically , doonberry 's inability to keep the ball in play coupled with my poor fielding skills -- but , with tremendous esophageal determination , i was able to keep all ingested content in place .
` ` are all additional possibilities which are readily achievable with your production processes and methods presently in place .
i tried to bring my hands up to my eyes but realized i could nt because something was keeping it in place against the cold metal gurney .
there stood a wide - eyed gibbs , tightly hugging the metal chart against his chest , it was only then i noticed how his afro looked ridiculously out of place that he reminded me of a clown .
so out of place is this nameless mouse of a girl that she lives a nightmare of inferiority , disdained by the domestic staff , and held in little regard by the county set with whom she is forced to mix .
however , before i could withdraw , quinns hands held me in place ; his giant palms on my cheeks , his long fingers stroking my neck .
the reverend edged his way towards the water and gently lowered the landing net into the river , enabling the pike to slowly acclimatise in the place it belongs .
at first the tears are intermittent and the tightness in matsons throat combines with the act of swallowing , almost as though the body is trying to help him overcome the inevitable breakdown , or at least , suppress every emotion until they are all in place and ready to surface .
` ` this release and uptake of neurotransmitters ( chemicals ) is confined to an area where there are molecules in place to release chemicals , juxtaposed to an area on another cell where there are molecules in place to receive them .
` ` this release and uptake of neurotransmitters ( chemicals ) is confined to an area where there are molecules in place to release chemicals , juxtaposed to an area on another cell where there are molecules in place to receive them .
` ` yes , were putting in place the bond indenture that will finance this project , one hundred million dollars of debt that will convert to equity , shares that is , under a murabaha issuance .
i could nt believe how dark it was , and i had a funny flash of an idea that i was moving like a burglar , so out of place in this museum of a house .
no accoutrement was in place .
something unusually great was about to take place .
when the carrier was in place , ben said , ` ` now , pick up miss mew and give her a little cuddle .
an incredible change is taking place within her , something she has not felt before , a feeling of something new , something different , a feeling of new life beginning .
while i am also out of time to make a sharp exit , as the dental nurse with the big teeth that would not look out of place in a horses mouth grabs my arm and steers me into the dreaded dentists chair .
did i actually say anything about kims place when comparing them ?
but when you went to the surface of the planet and willed yourself to leave , to return to the sun , you discovered that a final , terrible change had taken place .
soon enough the pallbearers removed her casket from the hearse and put it in place .
one fellow from new york had his heart set on roberts place .
there was another hearing after henry pled guilty to a reduced charge of manslaughter and again the sheriff brought him in his uniform and cuffs and he did nt pay attention while the lawyers and social workers all agreed the best place for mary was the states facility for the developmentally disabled and that she be continued a ward of the state in order for the payment to be covered .
how out of place it seemed in his dirty hand , in the gloom of the old hut , delicate and pink and sweet , made by a child for no other reason than that it was her birthday .
judiths arrival was to take place some hours after the others had leftan effort to show rachel she had not been abandoned , to sow the seed that there would be comings and goings .
fortunately , he was in such a place to say yes to anything that came his way and leave everything up for the gods to decide .
if those things are in place , then i do nt think that a couple could get bored with one another for very long .
a horse chestnut with the spines of its husk holding itself in place in her flesh .
he no longer felt quite as out of place in a dance club , as was evidenced by the clothing he was wearing , which was more fashionable and hip than he would have bought for himself left to his own devices .
its a never - ending cycle , and it does nt matter how many rules you put in place to try and prevent kids from harassing one another .
perhaps it was time to get her father and the forces of good involved so that proper force was in place to prevent the situation from escalating into pointless violence , to help ensure public safety .
one perched on catherines shoulder , the other sat down in her lap and snuggled into place like some kind of demonic kitten .
this might sound out of place .
the romanian then retorted , what better place to prepare a future government official but in a school where first impressions are made and young minds are moldet !
for suddenly he was certain : something ungodly was taking place upstairs .
in fact , there was a place on the st.francis release form to indicate form of payment , and she had considered checking the admitting physician billing option .
he then goes on to say , that if the testicles are in place , physically there , you will go into heat once the season arrives , no matter what chemicals you try ( short of sleepers ) .
something miraculous was taking place and harry actually had an idea what it might be .
when she left , the branches had been brimming with leaves of a vibrant green , but now staring at the trees around her on this barren landscape , she felt her insides cave - in as though something very vital keeping the other organs in place had suddenly deflated , or had perhaps been tugged out .
yes , they all agreed , the rudiments were finally in place .
just that oddly out of place smile .
my father replied evenly , but , my friend , the church transferred brother george to totudi as a place of last resort , not so ?
something new seemed to be taking place within him , and with it he felt a sort of thirst for company .
cause far as i m concerned , the best place for a chile is wit her mama .
so , the sympathetic response stays in place , over long periods of time .
the old man also heard the sound , he knew it must be the child , he knew that only the shaman could have discovered her hiding place .
now it would be necessary to put everything into place and hope that things would work out as he envisioned .
whoever was holding me in place for becca let go and i fell to the ground like a rag doll .
everything was in place to attempt the first human cloning .
steam rose from the bathtub as she tested it with her foot and slithered into the water letting out a sigh of relief as she settled her body into place .
we only ensure that if there is a demand , our channels are in place to keep the stocks ready and on top of the shelf , the sales head said , looking straight in the eye of the editor , keeping his left arm on his shoulders .
a fine lady in a country parsonage was quite out of place .
somehow the thousand dollars that she expected would be inside the card felt strangely out of place .
amanda was angry with her father for his inverted priorities , and she was frightened by the thought that he might be putting in place a possible new relationship to replace the one he was helpless to change or restore .
at first , the conversation was awkward between the two and bunnu found himself staring at the pallid skin surrounding his counterparts mouthhow naked and out of place it seemed , how difficult it must have been for him now to mask his expression without a hint of nervousness making itself evident in a nuanced twitch of the muscles in his cheeks .
i suppose , from her hiding place around the brick wall , the noise or movement attracted her .
this revelation did manage to quiet my panic for moment the mystery of the pool seemingly ended as my feet slid relatively grounded into place at what surely was the deepest point of the water .
she was nt sure what happened next ; it all took place in under a second .
grandma settled herself in a chair across from us , her tailored skirt falling neatly into place .
the box seemed out of place with the other items so i opened it first .
well keep cars in place near the bungalowrelieve the three officers around eight so that they can move to the travelodge unit and get some sleep .
arrow obediently placed one hand on the handkerchief and held it in place .
if kellys contacts were in place , she may have even seen the peacefully floating creature , and even more .
he peered through the peephole to see kelly dancing in place .
the only condition mario requested is that procedure be in place to wire transfer the money saturday afternoon so that he does nt lose his $ 40 m deposit .
she had a quick glance at herself in the vanity mirror behind her sun visor , plumped her thick mass of dark curls into place , it actually made no difference , but she felt better for the attempt .
all he had to do was to keep cultivating his contacts and everything would fall into place for him .
' i ' m guessing you have all the paperwork for plif in place - written constitution , accounts , policies .
' you need to have a strategy document in place and a tactical plan for carrying it out , ' said steve , reverting , as most dictators do when it looks as if the battle is n't going their way , to quasi - military terminology .
entrenched in place , they watched clem clear the premises .
sleeping with two men and winding up pregnant was not a good mental place to be .
' no ... no ... ' ' ... and it was there that you chose as your hiding place , a place you know well from past visits , while you molested the boy .
it had fallen from stuarts head when he and love had made their mad dash from the car to their hiding place behind the wall .
the sooner i ' m in place the less chance there is to spook our subject .
when we have everything in place , you will be returned to your seat .
but i remember even now the power of it , how it took every ounce of my self - control to remain in place , to not storm over and challenge him .
it was only through the greatest self - control that she held herself in place , drawing in a deep breath and soaking in the sight of him .
she seemed a bit squirmy or nervous and also really out of place in her uniform .
other than a tipped desk chair , nothing appears out of place , leading me to believe that everyone was caught by surprise and did not have time to struggle .
it also looked out of place on the moth - eaten tweed of the easy chairin bad taste almost , a boutonniere at a funeral .
it must be admitted , however , that the dress she was wearing would have looked decidedly out of place on a kindergarten teacher standing at the front of her classroom .
long blonde tresses bounced on her shoulders as she entered the office on stiletto heels as out of place in a site office as a ball gown at a picnic .
katherine smothered a smile as wesley wrapped up the painting once again and returned it to its storage place in his closet .
the sound of the seatbelt clicking firmly into place did nt leave room for argument .
my immaculate volvo the only thing i had gotten in settlement after my short - lived marriage to bradley ferguson , aside from the chunk of change that was currently evaporating out of my savings account with every month that went by was as out of place here as a prize brood mare among mules .
he sounded drunk , but agreed to stay in place until i could come over and talk .
then avery was there , his hand firmly holding her wrist in place .
once it 's hung and the sensor is in place i 'll turn it on and we 'll test it .
jack was back at place pigalle for 11:30 .
the ointment rubbed into a cut irritated him , but nicki only said that the dressings were to stay in place , and he d be checked every morning before he left his room .
however , it held her tightly in place , all she was able to do was listen to the rape take place , even when she attempted to call out she found her voice was gone .
her first reaction was to pull away , but he held her hand firmly in place .
everything was in place ; all surveys , feasibility studies , environmental impact studies and the like had been done , planning permissions and legal technicalities were covered , and it only remained for the parish council to agree to the sale of the land .
thornbird must have had enemies , and the most likely place to look was in a deal gone bad , a jilted lover , or amongst a jealous co - worker .
preliminary agreements to buy the land for our commerce centers are in place .
most of the arduous planning had already been done , the framework for the plan was in place .
everything was in place for a successful mission .
by the time bad could come after him , hunter would have new arrangements in place .
we ' ve always had everything in place to assure the anticipated outcome of the pharmaceutical company vote in the senate . ''
calvin rolled to a stop behind the car and stared at the open trunk and door and felt the first hint that something might be out of place .
once the executor is in place , you and he will begin the task of locating assets and identifying liabilities .
when everyone was in place and somewhat settled , jake nodded at portia who opened a side door and retrieved her mother .
as always , everything was in place .
i pushed up on my elbow to kick him , smash his face in , but the ropes kept me bound in place .
without a monogamous relationship , lily may fall back into her old routine , and it 's best to strengthen the one that 's already in place , not destroy it . ''
without even opening his eyes , his arm came around her , holding her gently in place against his body .
his hand continued to hold her in place , locked around his hip .
` ` i missed you so damn much today , '' i greeted jude , my smile stretching into place .
panic began to set in with that realization , obliterating the post - orgasmic glow that made her want to stay right where she was - even if that place was backed up against an equipment trailer - forever .
the knob twists silently in my hand , and the hinges creak , but the sound is lost beneath nell 's whimpers and dan 's laughter as he holds her in place and fumbles roughly with her skirt and panties .
i twist in place , and colton stirs , loosens his grips , makes a low sound in his throat , sleepy .
she was n't sure if she could breathe properly , but the person did n't seem to care as he held her in place .
denny had sent me a text last night and assured me everything was set and in place .
cassidy roughly whispered my name and her hands flew to my head , but instead of pulling me away like i was expecting , she held it in place .
i had n't gotten more than five feet when mr . silva 's smile slid into place .
` ` thanks for being here , '' i said , working a smile into place .
my left hand and foot were in place , but i could n't move my right hand or foot without moving both .
an expression i was n't used to seeing on his face settled into place before he sighed .
i would say we need to get a personal protection order in place as soon as possible , but there is a good chance if davenport sees his son is involved it might not get passed . ''
his hand lashed out , fingers bruising my chin , keeping me in place .
the guests will arrive any moment , and you 're to be in place before they do . ''
kinda out of place with the ratty duffle and torn jeans ... ` ` maybe he won it , '' rubi said as if her thoughts were along the same lines .
positioning himself above me , trystan held me in place , tickling me until tears leaked from the corners of my eyes , and i was screaming like a lunatic .
when the water turns on in the bathroom , cole pins me against the counter , holding me in place with his hips .
i roll in place , and meet his sleepy gaze .
it 's overwhelming how much i want to be close to her and how much i regret driving her to this place on the floor .
he holds me in place by my br**sts , with his dark eyes on my face , fixated , and expressionless .
i shove the thought aside even though something seems out of place .
it feels so wrong , so utterly out of place .
he placed his hand underneath my throat , holding it in place .
instead he held the girl in place , and while smiling at her parents and telling them ' thank you for your honesty ' , he poured the contents of the bottle on the girl 's leg , where it ran down from her knee to the bottom of her foot .
if the slightest thing was out of place , everyone would hear about it .
if he needed to come home quickly , i wanted everything in place .
it 'll help keep your hair in place . ''
as she settled into place , kellan made his appearance .
i notice them because they look out of place with the rest of her soft , flawless skin .
after double - checking that my hair is in place , i make my way downstairs .
with him , in this place , she was n't self conscious or nervous of her appearance .
now her skirt is so bunched out of place that her ass is fully exposed .
i 'd shift closer , my h*ps inviting him to become a puzzle piece that locks into place with me .
holding my wrists firmly in place , he dips his other hand inside my panties , and rubs his finger in dizzying circles against me .
` ` only safe place for her to be is with the police .
it slotted into place when he was hiding something important from me .
mindy snapped , her back up , her courage slotting into place , her anger apparent .
keaton is in place to deflect it .
behind my sunglasses , and hiding place by the cafe across the road , i watched as hazel and clue disappeared into a second - hand shop .
once in place , he moved in a circle around me , wrapping my torso caringly in gauze .
his grey flecked brown hair and roguish good looks seemed so out of place with the despicable contract he was serving her .
the ropes kept her in place so he could have his wicked way with her .
the chair held him in place .
prudence stepped over , and everything fell into place for him .
he hoped everything was in place to take this bastard down .
he was no longer held in place , scared , terrified .
i give myself another glance over to make sure everything is in place before i pick my mask up from the floor and walk out .
i was the one that looked out of place in my silk blouse , couture slacks , and blood red pumps .
i do n't know when the strings tethering it to place are going to be severed .
he headed for his black pick - up truck , which looked out of place amidst the sedans and convertibles in the lot .
everything seemed out of place now - the carpet too thick , the lights too bright .
when they reached the corner , he asked , ` ` if i agree to you moving in with me , when is this going to take place ? ''
every instinct told me that i should go , but my body was held in place by a force emanating from him , by a magnetism so powerful that my own will was insignificant in comparison .
as soon as she sat in place , she pulled out the diary and handed it to her friend .
however , he seemed cemented in place , as she had been before , and he failed to release from his masters subjection .
she felt relieved that sheriff larson and his deputies were in place and ready to spring the trap .
satina wanted to sit up , to rush out and question her host , but something held her in place .
the front page was devoted to the mines , the dangers and the safety precautions that had been put in place .
yes , but there are certain precautions that we would like to put in place .
jack and ava had made their decision and with luck , holt would realize that it would be foolish to turn the inn into something that would be out of place with the rest of the island .
hey , reuben , have you ever thought about setting a metal rack in the bottom of the trough to hold the dishes in place while the water flows over them ?
his hair was out of place as if he had just run his fingers through it , and he also had n't shaved .
the santa ana winds had already started blowing this week , and abby prayed her dress would stay in place .
the sling supporting his right arm looked conspicuously out of place .
there will be adequate security measures in place for all the players .
his square jaw looked identical to daves , but he d clenched it so tight that it looked out of place on his youthful face .
though it was out of place in the gym , this clean - cut look suited him better than the dreadlocks of a dozen years before .
my hips move on their own accord but he stills them , holding me firmly in place on his lap and pulls his mouth from mine .
kristen closed her eyes and allowed herself to feel all of these emotions again , hoping the darkness of her mind would be hiding place enough for the guilt that tried to surface .
the next morning , my awakening took place with a snap .
but the expensive - looking slacks and perfectly tailored shirt he wore were out of place .
i moved my knee , but he held it in place .
i kind of suspected something was out of place , which is why i asked you to check things on your side .
the safety of her gun clicked into place and she dropped the weapon .
her little honda civic seemed wildly out of place behind jacks jag .
he felt he should have known something big was about to take place .
an adjustment had taken place , because her ibn abna syngmer was required to reconcile any expectations that would create too close quarters for our immediate connection .
so , everything you should need for the immediate future can be in place today , or certainly within a couple of days , if you do some power shopping .
i need to make sure everything is in place to keep them safe before we do though .
thankfully , once her financing was in place , the only contact she would have with him would be making repayments on her loan .
and he was kidding himself if he thought everything would fall into place according to his schedule .
the room spins around me for a long moment before it finally settles into place again .
this spell was put into place before , we can do it again , right ?
jasmine slid into place beside her , and jeremy appeared out of nowhere to stand beside his father .
she and harris were as out of place here as a bull in a dress shop .
i put my hand over his holding it in place against my cheek .
a beggar girl like her could nt be more out of place in a place like that .
the two of you were nt in a place to stand many more blows to your relationship .
ian and abby fussed over me and looked me over as if they expected crutches and cast to still be firmly in place .
it is no place for a countesss daughter ... is that how george described it ?
they may return one day , but i m sure that our friends are already putting protections in place .
i m a little different from what you may be used to , the creatures booming voice was still horridly out of place with the content of his words .
he even detected a content smile when her things were in place .
she was about to leap off the couch again , but maxs arms were firmly on her shoulders , holding her in place .
randy reluctantly pulled on his jacket and stepped out into the late evening air glancing around and dreading what would soon take place .
she felt her knees sag and worried shed fall but he held her in place with his strong hands and an even stronger will .
tabaan , nehhnu saudiyeen , hatha wajibna , they speak together this time , and with less haste than before , now that the decision has been made and progress toward the place of offence , and sentence , has begun .
everything was in place for him to re - petition for joint custody at the hearing scheduled in august .
as she attempted to pull away he tightened them ever so slightly , holding her in place .
she tried to fight the notion that she was completely out of place here .
someone must have called to make sure backup was in place if things had gone according to plan .
refined and handsome in a sleek black dinner suit , oliver clark looked strangely out of place on a stained , rickety dance floor and suddenly i wondered if he was something out of a dream .
she pulled down the visor , checked her platinum blonde bangs to make sure all was in place , and winked at the sparkling baby blues staring back at her .
luckily for gayle , shed been sleeping it off in the backseat and john had managed to secure her in place with a seatbelt .
it also corroborated with nicoles suggestion , though manhattan was nt the place for her .
once everyone was in place , i went ahead and sent us back to the cornfield .
whatever he s been planning is finally in place , and he s just waiting for you to walk into his trap .
when the world shuddered back into place , she realized vash had leaped with her through the glass door and over the wal ... into a waiting convertible .
he groaned and took my mouth with his , hard , punishing kisses that spoke to the breaking of restraints we 'd both held in place for far too long .
how could these women , who had looked after him since he was found on their doorstep , be out of place anywhere ?
robin found a seat close to the top and had just settled in place when she saw cole making his way toward her .
he hoped that julian felt out of place in a joint like this , but truthfully , liam figured that a man like julian never felt out of place .
joy was too much her own person to worry about having every hair in place and what her makeup looked like after eight hours on the job .
i bent down and picked it up , never once looking at him as i settled back into place .
she winced before settling back into place .
one of his guards had said , too bad and held him in place .
if her questions were any indication , her thoughts were flying all over the place .
once her mother had agreed to the move , it was as if everything had fallen naturally into place .
a transformation had taken place in both women and while it might not be apparent to anyone else , anne marie noticed .
everything 's in place , she 'd written back .
she would n't claim the money until everything was in place , but al said she 'd put everything else on the back burner and get all the paperwork prepared .
his hand closed hard on her arm , holding her in place as he opened the truck door .
his arms closed around her , across the back of her hips , holding her in place against him .
now sobbing uncontrollably , emily tried to back away , but gavin moved his hands to the back of her neck and held her in place , his forehead still pressing against hers .
she covered his hand with hers , holding it in place against her stomach .
it is a bond that has been in place a long time , and apparently neither anger nor betrayal can break it .
the older one , mellor , looked out of place in his suit and tie , but that in itself did n't mean anything .
to her surprise , her nerves did begin to settle and the faint sense of everything being out of place began to fade .
his dark hair was artfully gelled into place and he sported a dashing new goatee .
the duplex did n't have a garage , or even a carport , so she parked by the porch and pulled her coat and scarf more snugly into place before getting out of the ford .
david 's hands held her h*ps in place , refusing to let her move .
she looked out of place here , wearing the uniform from one of her two waitressing jobs .
isabelle 's cool , slippery hair slid into place over her shoulders .
and to prove his point , he pressed his h*ps forward and locked hers in place so she had no choice but to accept his deep thrust .
she tried to move away from her husband then and perhaps take the opportunity to kiss and caress him some , but his hold on her was firm , and he held her in place .
when she had it in place she said , ` ` put your other arm in the sleeve while i keep it from pulling on your shoulder . ''
she watched his gaze zero in on her midsection as if he was looking for a significant change to have taken place in the past few days .
every time i let my guard down a little around him he reminded me why i needed to keep it firmly in place .
she started to move , to push away again , but kevin held her in place .
the wedding took place and lord welton took over , whisking them to the moors to a house that resembled a medieval castle .
the door latch clicked into place and she jumped , her nerves stretched too thin .
` ` your family plan is in place .
he had been up late the past few nights making sure everything was in place for his new bride .
it certainly would not take place with the bourne chit !
she hit his chest and would have bounced off if he had n't held her firmly in place .
the car was locked , and as near as stone could tell there was n't a thing out of place .
` ` i wanted you to know that everything is in place at wit .
finally , finally , everything was in place and in a short period of time she 'd be gone .
now that she was no longer part of a couple , she seemed to be out of place at friends ' christmas parties or backyard barbecues .
suddenly everything clicked into place for riley .
she 'd be as out of place at her husband 's poker party as she was the night she rushed into the waterfront tavern .
hannah did n't know what was different about riley , but a subtle change had taken place in her husband since christmas .
this latest threat might be enough for the police to get involved , but will could n't imagine what they could do unless something more overt took place .
no , graeme was n't sorry that the marriage had n't taken place .
he had to hold his horse in place so she would n't be trampled .
his khakis and cheap oxford seemed out of place , suddenly .
still on guard , she settled back in place and so did he .
` ` he seems to think that because everything fell into place with colby and me , it should for you and charles , as well .
they must all be killed or disabled , and then it would be a matter of rowing the damn boat back out to the ship - where all aboard would doubtless have noticed the stramash taking place on shore , and be prepared either to drop a cannonball through the bottom of the boat or to wait for them to haul alongside and then pick them off from the rail with small - arms fire , like sitting ducks .
and so the gold had sat , safe in its hiding place , save for the one ingot being gradually whittled away and disposed of by ulysses .
phaedre had been a good deal shocked , both by her experiences and by the loss of josh , and brianna insisted that we bring her back to the ridge with us to recover , until we could find a reasonable place for her .
by some miracle of stubbornness or fear , fergus was still in place , skinny legs flailing as he slithered and bounced on the heaving back .
the sharp smell of camphor stung my nose , and before i could move , one large hand had seized my shoulder , holding me in place , while the other rubbed slippery oil firmly into my chest .
for a blind second , instinctively , i feel my body start to bounce into place : guard up , feet apart , going toe to toe with him , but i catch myself before i swing and let him have it .
she was nearly sliding off the leather chair , but the pressure of cole 's face between her legs held her in place .
paul 's hands tightened on her arms and held her in place .
the hunger for blood consumed its thoughts , but its fear of zillah held it in place .
she covered his hand with hers , holding it in place against her cheek .
perhaps it was her injury that held her in place , but something about her attitude made him question that .
he had to be strong enough to break through the chains that bound him in place , preventing him from bringing to him what was his .
her fingers tightened around the back of her chair , holding her in place .
before i could ask her what she was doing the lock clicked in place .
when she felt him there , the tip of his c*ck touching her womb , her world shifted and settled into place .
he 'd see her to her room , make sure the guard was in place and then , with a brief farewell , he 'd take his leave .
when gabby was in place , travis squatted next to the dog , listening as gabby murmured and whispered to her , their faces close together .
` ` her uterus is back in place , and it seemed to contract without any problems , but she needs to go to the clinic .
not that she was dumb enough to forget the possible risk - i will never be one of those abused guests on morning talk shows that everyone in the audience considered an idiot for not seeing it coming , she told herself - but a subtle change had taken place , without her particularly being aware of it .
the constant job changing and moves had kept her vigilant , and it was there , only four days after she started , that she 'd rounded the corner on her way to work and saw a car that seemed somehow out of place .
i could spare no time for that miracle , though , because there was another one taking place in front of me .
she asked , fearing that a piece of her attire might be out of place .
in desperation , she started to struggle , but his weight was holding her firmly in place , and she suddenly realized with startling clarity that the dream was gone and that this was real - her very own living nightmare .
he reached down , grasped her jaw , holding her in place , a clear sign of what he intended to do .
he gripped her head with both palms and held her in place as he f**ked her noisily .
he nibbled and then licked at the sweet nipple just as he felt himself losing all sense of time or place .
ittook onlya moment forher to realize that it mustbeher husband 's bandaged hand placed thereto hold herin place as he rodethem to safety .
he tucked into place beside her , the two of them alone in the elevator chiming down floors .
i can read only in the brightest of lights , and without my dentures in place , i can eat nothing but soup .
rather out of place at belgrave , she had to say .
law frowned , but riley watched as his game face slid into place .
she tried to pull away , but he slid his hands to her h*ps and kept her in place .
he gripped my wrist , holding my hand in place , not allowing me to move , but also not pushing me away .
even his normally messy hair was fashioned into place with some type of styling product .
he pulled me securely to him and held me in place .
he placed his hands against my shoulders , holding me in place to monitor my reaction .
afraid of his own stomach 's response when he saw what she 'd done , hugh continued to hold her in place as his mind began frantically trying to figure out what had caused her nausea .
the clasp of his teeth both above and below her nipple anchored her in place for the hot suction of his mouth .
he rounded the desk , looking slightly uncomfortable and out of place in a white dress shirt partially unbuttoned and a loose burgundy tie .
he had to get her back to that place , where her sensations and emotions ruled , not her fear .
now that roarke agreed with donald 's assessment , it was time to put some plans into place .
the pack would be in place , and although idaho was n't alaska , it had its own rugged beauty .
she squirmed , but he held her in place with firm fingers on her nape .
jim goes back to his desk and mutters something about getting the paperwork in place .
james worries the glass in front of him and glances at the ice bar , where andrew 's back in place , this time in a suit and tie , talking with what looks like a manager .
nate had the nerve to grin at her as he pulled the seat belt across dylan 's little body , nestling the child into place on his lap .
gingerly , she climbed inside the helicopter , the scent of leather and oil saturating the air as she settled in place .
her pinstriped pants were perfect for the office but were too warm and out of place among a sea of jeans .
she tried raising her hips , but could n't as his hands were pressing her against the bed , holding her in place , right where he wanted her .
hell , maybe she 'd even leave the country once her trust fund was back in place .